<BODY DOCID=15368>
&lt;Showa Denko Ltd> said it is exporting
aluminium billet casting equipment and technology to countries
that have recently begun aluminium smelting.
    A company official said it won a 500 mln yen order to
deliver 10 sets of casting equipment to Venezuela's Venalum by
end-1987. He said it received an order for one set from
Aluminium Bahrain B.S.C. Last year and expects further orders
from the Bahrain smelter.
    Showa Denko withdrew from smelting last year but expects to
increase its sales of equipment and technology, he said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16179>
The London Metal Exchange (LME) has
issued a note clarifying details on its new high grade
aluminium contract, in response to questions from members
following the announcement of the contract, due to start June
1.
 All deliverable shapes of aluminium under the high grade
primary aluminium contract (minimum 99.7 pct purity) will also
be deliverable against the standard primary aluminium contract
(min 99.5 pct), the LME said.
    Sows will not constitute good delivery against the standard
contract until September 1, and 99.5 pct purity sows are not
good delivery and cannot be placed on LME warrant.
    The dollar quotation for the high grade contract will be in
multiples of one U.S. Dollar but carries may be made at 50
cents for even tonnages only.
    Singapore, which is the first port warehouse outside Europe
to be used as an LME delivery point, will be used for high
grade metal only and the rent imposed by owners Steinweg will
be 1.05 U.S. Dlr a tonne per week, the LME said.
    The LME Board, in response to representation from the
trade, agreed to annul from LME contracts the minimum weight
requirements of 450 kilos for T-bars and 250 kilos for sows,
effective for high grade on June 1 and for standard on July 24.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16318>
Preparatory work for construction of a
450 mln dlr alumina plant near the village of Aghia Efthymia in
the Greek province of Fokida will begin at the end of next
month and the plant will be operational by 1992, Industry
Undersecretary George Petsos said.
    Greece yesterday signed contracts with the Soviet Union for
the joint venture project, the biggest investment in the
country for 20 years.
    Petsos said the Soviet Union, which had initially agreed to
buy 380,000 tonnes, would now purchase the plant's entire
output of 600,000 tonnes a year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16320>
Commonwealth Aluminum
(Comalco) said it put its Goldendale, Wash., smelter back on
the market after would-be buyer, Columbia Aluminum Corp, of
Hermiston, Ore., failed to pull together financing by an April
one deadline.
    The plant, which has an asking price of 18.7 mln dlrs plus
several mln more dlrs for inventory, it said. Commonwealth said
it is continuing talks with Columbia, but has also opened talks
with other interested parties.
    Commonwealth bought the plant in January 1985 and closed it
Feb 15, 1987, leaving about 400 workers jobless.
  
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16750>
China, a major aluminium importer, will
open the first phase of its biggest aluminium plant on October
1, the China Daily said.
    The first phase of the plant, located in Qinghai province,
will have an annual capacity of 100,000 tonnes of ingots, half
the capacity of the finished plant. It will turn out 4,000
tonnes in 1987, the paper said, but gave no more details.
    Construction of the 510 mln yuan plant began in April 1984.
    Customs figures show China imported 266,241 tonnes of
aluminium and alloy in 1986, down from 487,862 in 1985.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16868>
Ford Motor Co said it is developing an
aluminum space frame for its Probe V concept car using extruded
stretch-formed aluminum that could lead to new techniques for
building production cars in the future.
    It said the frame would reduce vehicle weight and cost
while maintaining structural integrity and crashworthiness. The
frame has fewer parts than conventional steel frames, Ford
said.  The company said the lighter weight would allow smaller
powertrains and suspensions, further reducing weight and
improving fuel economy.
    Ford said in addition, extrusion dies cost 1,000 to 12,000
dlrs each, compared with hundreds of thousands of dollars for
steel stamping dies, and using extruded aluminum the number of
welds in a car could be reduced to about 40 from over 2,000.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17714>
The elimination of limits on daily price
fluctuations for metals futures contracts traded on the
Commodity Exchange, COMEX, appears to be having little effect
on the market, analysts said.
    "There is nothing apparent from the change," said William
O'Neill, director of futures research at Elders Futures Inc.
    "The market has not approached the old price limits and
trading is relative quiet, in narrow ranges," he said.
    On May 5, COMEX eliminated price limits on the two
contracts following each spot delivery in gold, silver, copper
and aluminum futures after a review of its clearing operations,
which were severely tested by a volatile market in silver
futures at the end of April. COMEX announced Friday the lifting
of all daily limits, effective today.
    Gold futures, which previously had a limit of 25 dlrs per
ounce in most back months, were about 7.00 dlrs weaker in the
nearby contracts amid thin volume conditions, traders said.
    Silver futures, previously limited at 50 cents in most back
months, were trading about 30-40 cts weaker in the nearby
contracts amid quiet trading today.
    During the last week of April, silver futures often traded
at the daily allowable limit amid concerns about inflation, the
dollar, and other factors. Traders rushed into the spot, or
unlimited, contract to offset those moves, analysts said.
    As a result, O'Neill said, there was much confusion, many
unmatched trades, and large losses for some traders.
    The COMEX fined four large firms a total of 100,000 dlrs
for failure to resolve unmatched trades in a timely manner.
    Paul Cain, a vice president at Shearson Lehman Brothers,
said the elimination of price limits will cut back on panic
buying or selling and contribute to more orderly markets.
    O'Neill added that the elimination of daily limits would
add caution to trading.
    "This is a more realistic approach because the metals
market is a 24 hours market and prices can move without limit,"
O'Neill said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17870>
Venezuela has obtained more than 300 mln
dlrs in financing for industrial projects and increased its
lines of credit for import financing, finance minister Manuel
Azpurua said.
    'We can say that we are achieving the recuperation of
credit, but that cannot be done overnight,' Azpurua said in a
television interview.
    He said a credit agreement for 100 mln marks will be signed
this week with the German state bank Kreditanstalt fur
Wiederaufbau (KFW), to finance an expansion of the state
aluminum company Venalum.
    The credit will be divided into two separate agreements,
one for 85 mln marks with an interest rate of 6.13 pct, and
another for 15 mln marks, at 6.20 pct.
    Azpurua said financing has also been obtained for expansion
of Alcasa, another state aluminum company, and for projects in
the state steel and petrochemical industries.
    Yesterday, he said Venezuela obtained two new credits of
5.0 mln dlrs each for export financing, one from Credit du Nord
of France and the other from Britain's Midland Bank.
    The Venezuelan government has been criticised at home for
failing to obtain new credits, despite its insistence on
repaying foreign debt according to the terms of a rescheduling
accord reached last February.
    Azpurua recently visited Tokyo hoping to acquire new
credits for industrial expansions but clinched no agreements.
Japanese officials refused to allow a new issue of Venezuelan
bonds until the country regains its 'Triple A' credit rating.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17874>
venezuela has obtained more than 300 mln
dlrs in financing for industrial projects and has also
increased its lines of credit for import financing, finance
minister manuel azpurua said.
    "we can say that we are achieving the recuperation of
credit, but that cannot be done overnight," azpurua said in a
television interview.
    Azpurua said a credit agreement for 100 mln marks will be
signed this week with the german state bank kreditanstalt fur
wiederaufbau (kfw), to finance an expansion of the state
aluminum company venalum.
    The credit will be divided into two separate agreements,
one for 85 mln marks with an interest rate of 6.13 pct, and
another for 15 mln marks, at 6.20 pct. Azpurua said financing
had also been obtained for the expansion of alcasa, another
state aluminum company, as well as for projects in the state
steel and petrochemical industries. He did not provide details.
    Yesterday, after a meeting of leaders of the ruling accion
democratica party, azpurua said venezuela had obtained two new
credits of five mln dlrs each for export financing, one from
credit du nord of france and the other from the midland bank of
great britain.
    The finance minister's statements came as the government is
under sharp criticism for failing to obtain new credits,
despite its insistence on repaying the foreign debt according
to the terms of a rescheduling accord reached last february.
    Azpurua and other senior economic officals returned from a
trip to tokyo last week in which they hoped to acquire new
credits for industrial expansions, but no agreements were
reached.
    Japanese officials also refused to allow a new issue of
venezuelan debt bonds because until the country regains its
'triple a' credit classification.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18093>
Alcan Aluminium Ltd said it has cut the
expected cost of its planned Laterriere, Quebec, smelter by
using enhanced Grande Baie reduction technology.
    The company said the decision to use prebaked anode
technolgy used at its Grande Baie, Quebec, and Sebree, Ky.,
smelters was taken primarily for cost reasons.
    As a result, it said, the estimated total cost of the
planned smelter will be held to 450 mln U.S. dlrs, the low end
of the range estimated in mid-May, while the cost of the first
phase was cut to 150 mln dlrs from the projected 175-225 mln
dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18356>
the venezuelan state aluminum company
venalum is negotiating a total of 123.9 mln dlr in credits from
abroad for a planned expansion of production faciities, finance
minister manuel azpurua said.
    Azpurua spoke to reporters after meeting representatives of
the kreditanstalt fur wiederaufbau (kfw) bank of germany, who
tommorrow will sign a agreement to grant 100 mln marks (54.9
mln US dlrs) in credits to venalum.
    The agreement will have an eight and one-half year term and
a fixed interest rate of 6.13 pct.
    Azpurua said venalum is negotiating credits of 14.9 mln
dlrs from the swiss bank corporation, 14 mln dlrs from
mitsubishi of japan and 40 mln dlrs from eksportfinans of
norway.
    "this proves we are achieving our goal of reestablishing
the financial flows to the country," said azpurua.
    The credits would go to the installation of a fifth
production line in venalum, one of three state aluminum
companies, which produces primarily for the export market.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18920>
Reynolds Metals co said it plans
to restart the last idle potuction line at its Troutdale, Ore.,
primary aluminum plant.
    With the restart of this 22,700-metric-tonne-per-year line,
Reynolds said, it will be operating at 100 pct of its
consolidated primary aluminum capacity of 695,000 tonnes per
year.
    Reynolds said work will commence on the potline restart in
the near future and it is expected that actual metal production
will begin on September one.
    The company said the start up was necessitated by
continuing strong demand for aluminum and dwindling worldwide
inventories, and that the metal is needed to supply Reynolds'
various fabricating businesses.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18930>
Reynolds Metals Co said it plans
to restart the last idle potline at its Troutdale, Ore.,
primary aluminum plant.
    With the restart of this 22,700 tonne a year production
line, Reynolds said it will be operating at 100 pct of its
consolidated primary aluminum capacity of 695,000 tonnes per
year.
    Reynolds said work on the restart will begin in the near
future and it is expected that actual metal production will
begin September 1.
    The company said the start-up was necessitated by
continuing strong demand for aluminum and dwindling worldwide
inventories, and that the metal is needed to supply Reynolds'
various fabricating businesses.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19037>
Indonesia has increased its share in a
434-billion-yen aluminium smelter joint venture with Japan from
25 to 37 pct, Asahan Project Authority director A.R. Suhud
said.
    The Japanese Export-Import Bank said Indonesia had raised
its share of (P.T. Indonesia Asahan Aluminium) company,
capitalised in 1975 at 91 billion, by swapping 32 billion yen
in government loans to the company for an equity stake.
    The Japanese shareholders, the Overseas Economic
Cooperation Fund and 12 companies, are to invest another 24
billion yen raising capitalisation to 147 billion yen.
    Asahan reported total losses of 97.6 billion rupiah between
1982 and 1985. Suhud said much of the company's 320 billion yen
debt had been caused by falling tin prices and the appreciation
of the yen against the U.S. Dollar. Aluminium is sold in
dollars.
    Prices improved from 1,150 dlrs a tonne six months ago to
about 1,450 dlrs today. The plant is supposed to break even if
prices stay at 1,500 dlrs a tonne.
    Sahud said the plant, with a capacity of 220,000 tonnes a
year, would probably lose money again in 1987. The plant,
situated in North Sumatra, produces mostly for Japan.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19041>
Japan's cabinet approved a plan to help
financially-troubled aluminium ventures in Indonesia and
Brazil, an official at the Ministry of International and Trade
Industry (MITI) said.
    Japan will invest 24 billion yen in &lt;PT Indonesia Asahan
Aluminium> in addition to the 68.3 billion yen already invested
in the company. The government and private interests will
equally share the additional investment, he said.
    They will also provide equal shares in 6.3 billion yen in
new investment in the Albras Amazon aluminium project in
Brazil, in addition to the 45.7 billion yen already invested.
    The Japan Export-Import Bank will cut its rates on loans to
Asahan and Albras to about five pct from about seven pct, the
official said.
    Interest rates on loans by Japan's private banks to the two
projects are expected to be reduced to around five pct from the
current seven to eight pct, but an agreement has yet to be
reached, industry sources said.
    Under the rescue scheme for Asahan, in which 91.1 billion
yen has been invested, Indonesia will also extend another 32
billion yen to the company.  This will raise Indonesia's
investment ratio to about 40 pct from the current 25 pct.
    The Brazilian government has already agreed to invest an
additional 6.5 billion yen in Albras, in which investment now
totals 93.2 billion yen, but its stake will not change from 51
pct, the official said.
    The sources said the rescue programs for the two projects
were larger than earlier expected, reflecting Japan's desire to
help develop the economies of Indonesia and Brazil and to
stabilise sources of aluminium.
    Japan depends on imports for more than 90 pct of its
aluminium demand, which totals some 1.8 mln tonnes a year, they
said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19329>
Alcan Aluminum Corp, a subsidiary of
Alcan Aluminium Ltd, said it increased its U.S. primary
aluminum prices by two cents a lb, effective yesterday.
    The new prices are 72 cents a lb for ingot and 80 cents for
extrusion billet, the company said.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19367>
Malaysia is to urge fellow tin
producing countries to contribute more money towards research
into new uses for the metal, Malaysian primary industries
minister Lim Keng Yaik told Reuters in an interview.
    Lim, in Brussels on a tour of Europe and America, said he
had instructed Malaysia's representatives on the executive
committee of the Association of Tin Producing Countries, ATPC,
to draw up a paper on the matter.
    Lim earlier met European Community farm commissioner Frans
Andriessen and industry commissioner Karl-Heinz Narjes.
    He said though it now appeared likely Commission proposals
for a tax on vegetable and marine oils and fats would be
defeated, he feared the Commission would revive the idea.
    Lim noted Andriessen this week promised that if the tax was
adopted and third countries suffered export losses as a result,
they would be compensated through access to the EC for
alternative exports.
    "Since most of our products are commodity based, I cannot
see how this would work out in our case," Lim said.
    Malaysian palm oil exports to the EC are worth about 250
mln dlrs a year.
    The tin research proposal would be presented at an ATPC
meeting to be held in Kuala Lumpur in September.
    "Not enough research and development effort has been put in
by tin producers and we have been pushed out by substitutes
such as aluminium, paper and plastics," Lim said.
    He mentioned the use of inorganic tin in pesticides as an
exciting possible new application.
    Lim said he could not estimate the amount of extra money
which needed to be spent on research into new uses before the
new paper was produced.
    He said Narjes told him there appeared no fundamental
barriers to EC states quickly ratifying the new International
Rubber Agreement, INRA, although translations of the accord
into some EC languages are still being awaited.
    Lim, who will sign and ratify the agreement on Malaysia's
behalf when he visits New York during his current tour, said it
was important there should not be a long "interregnum" between
the old agreement lapsing in October and the new one coming
into force.
    He described the present accord as a model for commodity
agreements due to its being signed by nearly all producing and
consuming countries and by virtue of its review systems and
control over buffer stock management.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19540>
China and Australia's Victoria state
signed a joint venture contract for a 290 mln dlr aluminium
processing plant in China that will export to South Korea,
Australian officials told journalists.
    China has no official direct trade or government ties with
Seoul, while it maintains close links with North Korea.
    China International Trust and Investment Corporation
(CITIC) would have 75 pct of the equity in &lt;Bohai Aluminium
Industries Ltd>, the company to build the rolling mill and
extrusion plant on the northeast China coast, they said.
    It was China's largest joint venture so far, they said.
    "A joint venture opens up the potential for penetrating
markets that would not otherwise be possible (for China),"
Victoria state treasurer Rob Jolly said.
    An Australian diplomat said CITIC was eager to pursue South
Korean markets. Indirect trade between China and Seoul is
growing but is not officially publicised.
    Victoria's &lt;Aluvic Ltd>, on behalf of the state government,
will hold a 25 pct equity stake in the project, which is
intended as a sister plant to Victoria's Portland aluminium
smelter. CITIC in May agreed to invest about 80 mln dlrs in
Portland.
    The China-based joint venture would process Portland
aluminium and aim to sell aluminium products to the domestic
Chinese market as well as for export, Jolly said.
    The Australian side's investment was limited to about 22
mln dlrs, but Aluvic would have the right to appoint key
managers, he said.
    Australian officials said they hoped the goodwill generated
by their participation would lead to further CITIC investment
in Victoria. The Chinese group enjoys a high level of
independence from Peking's central government and has extensive
overseas investments.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20058>
The British bulk carrier Envoy, which ran
aground in the Orinoco river on October 16, was refloated
without lightening on October 19, Lloyds Shipping Intelligence
service said.
    The Envoy, 75,453 tonnes dw, was carrying a cargo of 50,000
tonnes of bauxite from Brazil to Cuba.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21526>
Lloyds Shipping Intelligence service said
the British bulk carrier Envoy, 75,453 tonnes dw, was grounded
at Mile 190 in the Orinoco river on October 16.
    The vessel was on a voyage from Trombetas, Brazil, to
Matanzas, Cuba, carrying 50,000 tonnes of bauxite. Its draught
was 36 feet.
     Attempts to refloat the vessel with the help of six tugs
have been unsuccessful. The owners are considering unloading
part of the cargo onto barges.
 REUTER
</BODY>
