<BODY DOCID=14862>
South Korea's trade surplus is growing too
fast and the government has started taking steps to slow it
down, Deputy Prime Minister Kim Mahn-je said.
    He told a press conference the government planned to
increase investment, speed up the opening of the local market
to foreign imports and gradually adjust its currency to hold
the surplus "at a proper level."
    But he said the government would not allow the won to
appreciate too much in a short period of time. South Korea has
been under pressure from Washington to revalue the won.
    The U.S. Wants South Korea to cut its trade surplus with
the U.S., Which rose to 7.4 billion dlrs in 1986 from 4.3
billion dlrs in 1985.
    Kim, who is also economic planning minister, said prospects
were bright for the South Korean economy, but the government
would try to hold the current account surplus to around five
billion dlrs a year for the next five years.
    "Our government projections of eight pct GNP growth, five
billion dlrs of (current account) surplus and 12 pct growth in
exports all seemed to be reasonable early this year. But now
the surplus is growing faster than we expected," he said.
    Trade ministry officials said South Korea's exports rose 35
pct to 9.34 billion dlrs in the first three months of this
year, while imports rose only 8.5 pct to 8.2 billion dlrs.
    Kim said the swing of South Korea's current account to a
surplus of 4.65 billion dlrs in 1986 from an 890 mln dlr
deficit in 1985 was very significant. The surplus enabled the
country to reduce its foreign debt last year for the first
time.
    South Korea's foreign debt, which fell to 44.5 billion dlrs
in 1986 from 46.8 billion in 1985, is still among the largest
in Asia.
    "This huge amount of our foreign debt has been one of the
major constraints on our development... Last year was a major
turning point for the Korean economy," Kim said.
    Kim said his government plannned to reduce the ratio of
foreign debt to the country's GNP to about 20 pct in 1991, from
about 50 pct in 1986.
    "The government, however, does not want to accelerate
reducing the debt by making an excessive trade surplus," he
said.
    Kim said a sudden rise in the surplus would cause inflation
and lead to trade friction with Seoul's major trading partners,
particularly the United States.
    "We need a surplus because we have to reduce our debt, but
we are taking measures to hold the size of the surplus at a
proper level," Kim said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15543>
The World Bank will support Sri Lanka's
development program provided the country reduces its budget and
current account deficits, the Ministry of Finance said.
    It said Bank President Barber Conable at a meeting with Sri
Lanka's Finance Minister Ronnie de Mel in Washington also
emphasised the need for structural adjustment and reform to the
economy, battered by five years of separatist disturbances.
    Officials said Sri Lanka's budget deficit this year is
expected to surpass the projected 28.7 billion rupees while
defence spending, already up by two billion rupees from a
targetted 10 billion, is also likely grow.
    The Ministry said de Mel asked the World Bank to give Sri
Lanka 6.5 billion rupees balance of payments support.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15573>
Spain had a 35 mln dlr current account
surplus in February compared with a 68 mln dlr surplus in
January and a 355 mln dlr surplus in February last year, Bank
of Spain figures show.
    Spain's trade deficit narrowed to 581 mln dlrs compared
with 664 mln dlrs in January but the large increase in non-oil
imports contributed to the substantial increase over the 159
mln dlr deficit registered in February 1986.
    Exports at 2.58 billion dlrs were up 19 pct compared with
February last year, but imports were 46 pct higher than last
February, totalling 3.16 billion dlrs.
    Non-oil imports totalled 2.79 billion dlrs compared with
1.91 billion in February last year, reflecting the large
ammount of investment goods entering the country with the
recovery of the Spanish economy, the Bank of Spain said.
    Spain's tourism earnings continued to grow and totalled 655
mln dlrs in February, compared with 103 mln dlrs in January and
502 mln dlrs in February last year.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15793>
Belgium's current account surplus,
measured on a cash basis, widened sharply to 134.9 billion
francs last year from 17.5 billion in 1985, the Finance
Ministry said.
    The increase was due almost entirely to a sharp rise in the
goods trade surplus to 126.1 billion francs from 20.4 billion.
    The services trade surpluses increased to 52.4 billion
francs from 38.9 billion while the deficit on transfers rose
slightly to 43.6 billion from 41.8 billion.
    Private sector capital operations showed a steeply higher
deficit of 160.7 billion francs after 56.9 billion in 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16108>
The government must announce harsh cuts
in spending in its May 14 economic statement if it is to give
an adequate response to Australia's economic problems, the ANZ
Banking Group Ltd &lt;ANZA.S> said.
    Cuts of two billion dlrs would be insufficient against the
backdrop of a 12 billion dlr government deficit and a 14
billion dlr current account deficit, it said in its monthly
Business Indicators publication.
    "For the past two years, the government has struggled with
an economic reality that demands measures beyond those which it
sees as politically practicable," it said.
    The political climate meant there would be a continued
over-reliance on monetary policy to hold the exchange rate and
maintain confidence in economic management, ANZ said.
    "The cost of this approach is that the much-needed revival
of business investment will be further postponed," it said.
    The economy was now on a modest growth upswing boosted by
export and import-replacement industries which had created a
false suggestion that the worst adjustments to the balance of
payments crisis were past. "Unfortunately, successful adjustment
to Australia's deep-seated economic problems remains a
long-term process," it said.
    In its economic forecasts, ANZ said it expected moderate
overall economic growth with gross domestic product (GDP)
rising 2.7 pct this year and 2.4 pct in 1988.
    The current account deficit would narrow to five pct of GDP
this year and 4.3 pct in 1988 and net foreign debt would grow
strongly from 81 billion at the end of 1986 to 97.2 billion at
end-1987 and 110.3 billion a year later.
    Inflation would fall to 8.5 pct in 1987 and 7.5 pct in 1988
from 8.9 pct in 1986 and further falls in real wages were
expected, ANZ said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16158>
The five leading West German economic
research institutes have failed to agree about how strongly the
domestic economy will expand this year but revised down
forecasts contained in a report published six months ago.
    The three research groups of Kiel, Hamburg and Essen
predicted in the institutes' joint spring report that gross
national product (GNP) would rise by two pct in 1987, compared
with 2.4 pct in 1986. The five institutes had jointly forecast
three pct 1987 growth in October last year.
    Taking a dissenting view, the DIW institute of West Berlin
and Munich's Ifo institute predicted only one pct 1987 growth.
    The joint report said that the estimates of economic
development made by the DIW and Ifo were "markedly less
favourable" than those of the other three.
    The DIW and Ifo forecast the economy would pick up after a
slow start to the year. "In the second half of 1987 there will,
however, only be a weak upward movement," they said.
    The two institutes said external economic factors which
were currently damaging exports and pushing up imports would
dominate the economic environment throughout the year. They saw
exports falling by a real 2-1/2 pct in 1987 and predicted no
marked improvement in the course of the year.
    The other three institutes, however, wrote: "The decline in
demand and production (seen) in the winter months does not
indicate the beginning of a cyclical downswing."
    They said the sharp rise of the mark had led to corporate
uncertainty and companies had not carried out investment plans.
But they expected that many investments had not been cancelled
but only put off. "It can be presumed that the braking actions
(on the economy) will diminish markedly this year."
    They added: "The domestic prerequisites for a continuation
of the economic uptrend are still favourable."
    These three institutes said diminishing external burdens
combined with favourable domestic conditions meant an upturn in
demand and production could be expected by the spring.
    However, this projection was clouded by risks including the
further development of the mark against the dollar.
    Contrary to the DIW and Ifo, the three institutes said that
while exports would continue to be the weak point of the
economy in 1987, "there is good reason to believe that exports
will soon bottom out and that a slight rise will emerge during
the course of the year." They predicted an overall 0.5 pct fall
in exports in 1987, the same as in 1986.
    The three more positive institutes saw private consumption
rising by four pct in 1987, compared with 4.2 pct in 1986,
while DIW and Ifo predicted a three pct increase.
    They saw the climate for equipment investment improving but
predicted only a rise of four pct in 1987 against 4.6 pct in
1986. Ifo and DIW saw these investments rising by only two pct.
    All the institutes predicted only a slight decline in
unemployment. The Kiel, Hamburg and Essen institutes said the
jobless total would average 2.17 mln in 1987 compared with 2.23
mln in 1986 and predicted a rise in the number of people in
work of about 200,000.
    These three institutes said new jobs would be created
mainly in the private services sector and also by the state in
the context of job creation measures. The construction industry
was likely to engage new workers for the first time since 1980
but they predicted either no rise in employment in the
manufactured goods industry or only a slight expansion.
    The DIW and Ifo said rises in employment would occur only
in the tertiary sector, while "the number employed in the
manufacturing industry will decline."
    The DIW and Ifo said unemployment would only decline to
2.20 mln in 1987 from 2.23 mln in 1986.
    They saw the current account surplus falling in 1987 to 58
billion marks from 78 billion in 1986. The other three saw a
current account surplus in 1987 of at least 60 billion marks
and predicted that the trade surplus would fall to only around
100 billion marks from 112 billion in 1986.
    The institutes agreed that consumer prices would start to
rise in 1987, after they declined in 1986, and all five
predicted an average increase over the year of 0.5 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16226>
Portugal's economy, which has been
enjoying one of its most buoyant periods in more than a decade,
may now be strong enough to shrug off the country's latest
government crisis, analysts said.
    But the April 3 ousting of Prime Minister Anibal Cavaco
Silva's government could slow economic reforms and investment
as Portugal continues to adapt to membership in the European
Community, which it joined in January last year, they said.
    Cavaco Silva's minority Social Democratic Party, PSD, was
toppled in a parliamentary censure vote by left-wing parties.
    The centre-right administration had made economic growth
reform a priority in its 17 months in office.
    In 1986, Portugal's economy grew four pct, its current
account surplus swelled to more than one billion dlrs and
inflation fell to 10 pct, from 20 pct in 1985.
    Analysts and businessmen said the prospects of instability
were worrying but they felt the foundations for continued
growth had not been badly shaken.
    "The economy has developed a certain self-confidence that is
now less dependent on the political situation," said Fritz
Haser, economics professor at Universidade Livre, Lisbon.
    "The market doesn't see this as a real crisis yet," economist
Jorge Braga de Macedo told Reuters.
    Businessmen have identified political instability over the
last 13 years as one of the biggest obstacles to lasting
economic progress.
    The PSD administration was the 16th formed since the 1974
revolution.
    Portugal's developing stock markets, however, remain
buoyant. Brokers and unit trust managers said the recent surge
in economic confidence under the PSD rule was still largely
underpinned by continuing optimistic forecasts.
    Investment grew nearly 10 pct in 1986 and a Bank of
Portugal forecast, released on the day the PSD government fell,
predicted the pace of investment and overall economic growth
would remain at similar levels this year.
    But analysts said the crisis interrupted current policies
and could slow economic development.
    Soares, who is expected to announce a decision by the end
of the month, can either call early elections or form a new
government from parties in the existing left wing-dominated
parliament.
    Many businessmen said they strongly favoured quick
elections as the best solution. "There is a good chance that a
majority government could result from early elections,"
Confederation of Portuguese Industry (CIP) president Pedro
Ferraz da Costa said.
    He said they were optimistic this could mean the
continuation in the near future of liberalisation policies
introduced over the last year.
    The left-wing parties favour a parliamentary solution, but
the PSD said it wants an early election in which opinion polls
say they could win an overall majority.
    A PSD majority would also open the way for more
wide-ranging reforms, such as relaxation of labour laws and
possible denationalisation of industry, the analysts said.
    Cavaco Silva has accused the left-wing opposition parties
of blocking key economic reforms.
    The left-wingers said Portugal's positive economic results
were more the product of favourable international conditions
such as cheaper oil and raw material imports, than of PSD
policies.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16759>
South Korea has decided on major changes
in its trade, investment and finance policies aimed at reducing
the growth of its balance of payments surplus and avoiding a
trade war with the United States, Deputy Prime Minister Kim
Mahn-je said.
    Kim told reporters the excessively fast rise in exports
could make South Korea too reliant on exports, increase
&#127;nflation and produce trade friction. The policy shift, which
means abandoning Seoul's goal of rapidly reducing its foreign
debt, was worked out at a series of ministerial meetings.
    Kim, who is also Economic Planning Minister, said the
current account surplus, previously expected to exceed eight
billion dlrs this year, would be held at about five billion
dlrs by increasing imports, accelerating market liberalisation
and rationalising exports.
    He said Seoul would try to limit its current account
surplus to around five billion dlrs a year for the next few
years, although trade volume would continue to grow.
    "This will gradually reduce the ratio of the surplus to GNP
(gross national product) from the current five pct level to
three pct by 1991," he added.
    Koo Bon-yong, an aide to Kim, said South Korea's foreign
debt had been expected to fall below 40 billion dlrs by the end
of 1987, against the initial forecast of 41.8 billion, and 44.5
billion dlrs at end-1986.
    "But now (with the policy changes) the debt is expected to
remain above 40 billion dlrs, although it could still be lower
than the originally projected 41.8 billion dlrs," he said.
    The policy change was announced two days before the
scheduled arrival of U.S. Commerce Secretary Malcolm Baldrige
for talks with Trade Minister Rha Woong-bae.
    South Korea is under U.S. Pressure to reduce its bilateral
trade surplus, which rose to 7.4 billion dlrs last year from
4.3 billion dlrs in 1985.
    Kim said the policy changes were also prompted by the swing
in South Korea's current account to a surplus of 2.06 billion
dlrs in the first quarter of 1987 from a deficit of 438 mln
dlrs in the same 1986 period. First quarter 1987 exports rose
36 pct to 9.4 billion dlrs.
    The government would make foreign currency loans worth 2.5
billion dlrs to firms willing to import capital goods, raw
materials and equipment, preferably from the U.S., He said.
    "The foreign currency-based loans, which carry interest at
1.5 points above LIBOR (London Interbank Offered Rate), are
considerable incentives given to increase imports," Koo said.
    Koo said the loans would be repayable in foreign currency.
"It means they could become interest-free loans if the Korean
currency continues to rise in value," he said.
    He said the South Korean won would be revalued against the
dollar gradually, but added "We do not believe in rapid one-shot
changes in the value of the won."
    The won, fixed at 839.70 to the dollar today, has risen six
pct against the dollar since the beginning of 1986.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16766>
The Washington Post said the U.S.
Commerce Department yesterday issued a new report showing that
the U.S. Merchandise trade deficit was 13.65 billion dollars in
February, a reduction of 1.4 billion dlrs from the 15.06
billion figure the department reported only two days earlier.
    The newspaper said: "News of the unexpectedly large 15
billion deficit helped batter the dollar's value on foreign
exchange markets and boosted U.S. Interest rates.
    "However, the new report went largely unnoticed by financial
markets since such a downward revision in the deficit is a
monthly occurrence."
    The Washington Post said: "By law, the department must first
publish what a top commerce official agreed are misleading
trade figures and then wait 48 hours before putting out the
more accurate ones."
    No one was immediately available at the Commerce Department
for comment on the Washington Post report.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17916>
Finland's current account balance of
payments showed a deficit of 2.5 billion markka in first
quarter 1987 against a deficit of 3.2 billion in the same
period last year, the Bank of Finland said in a statement.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17924>
The United Arab Emirates recorded a
1986 trade surplus of 12.2 billion dirhams, narrowing from 30.2
billion in 1985, the central bank's latest bulletin shows.
    The central bank said the lower surplus was mainly due to
the decline in the value of exports and re-exports to 37.2
billion dirhams from 54.2 billion in 1985. This reflected the
decline in oil prices last year and difficulties in marketing
UAE oil, the central bank added.
    The surplus on the current account narrowed to 6.8 billion
dirhams from 25.5 billion in 1985. The overall balance showed a
surplus of 4.8 billion after 2.6 billion in 1985.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17926>
The United Arab Emirates (UAE) recorded
a 1986 trade surplus of 12.2 billion dirhams, narrowing from
30.2 billion in 1985, the central bank's latest bulletin shows.
    The central bank said the lower surplus was mainly due to
the decline in the value of exports and reexports to 37.2
billion dirhams from 54.2 billion in 1985. This reflected the
decline in oil prices last year and difficulties in marketing
UAE oil, the central bank added.
    The surplus on the current account narrowed to 6.8 billion
dirhams from 25.5 billion in 1985. The overall balance showed a
surplus of 4.8 billion after 2.6 billion in 1985.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18347>
New Zealand's current account deficit
narrowed to 76 mln N.Z. Dlrs in April from a revised 89 mln
dlrs in March, and 224 mln dlrs in April 1986, in a smoothed
seasonally-adjusted measurement, the Statistics Department
said.
    The March figure was revised from 69 mln dlrs.
    The department said in a statement seasonally adjusted, but
non-smoothed figures, showed a deficit of 99 mln dlrs against
76 mln dlrs in March and 230 mln dlrs in April 1986.
    Totally unadjusted figures show a deficit of 83 mln dlrs
against 164 mln dlrs in March, revised from 178 mln dlrs, and
compared with 262 mln in April 1986.
    The smoothed seasonally adjusted series shows a surplus on
merchandise trade of 145 mln dlrs against 135 mln dlrs in March
and 30 mln dlrs in April 1986.
    Seasonally adjusted but non-smoothed figures show a
merchandise trade surplus of 132 mln dlrs against a 148 mln dlr
surplus in March and a 14 mln dlr surplus in April 1986.
    Unadjusted merchandise figures show a surplus of 151 mln
dlrs against a 5.0 mln dlr (revised from 10 mln dlr) deficit in
March and a 31 mln dlr deficit in March 1986.
    The smoothed seasonally adjusted deficit on invisibles was
234 mln N.Z. Dlrs against 236 mln dlrs in March and 255 in
April 1986.
    The seasonally adjusted but non-smoothed deficit on
invisibles was 240 mln dlrs against 229 mln dlrs in March and
245 mln dlrs in April 1986. The unadjusted deficit on
invisibles was 234 mln dlrs against 158 mln dlrs, revised from
168 mln dlrs, in March and 231 mln dlrs in April 1986.
    Seasonally adjusted export and import figures were not
available.
    The department said these figures show a continuing
improvement in the current account deficit, caused mainly by an
improvement in the balance on merchandise trade which has now
being in surplus since november 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18496>
Austria's current account surplus grew to
11.0 billion schillings in the first four months this year from
8.2 billion in the same period last year, the National Bank
said.
    In April, the current account recorded a deficit of 300 mln
schillings compared with an 800 mln surplus in March and an 800
mln deficit in April, 1986, the bank said in a statement.
    The trade deficit in the first four months fell to 16.4
billion schillings from 17.5 billion in the same period last
year while in April the deficit was 4.1 billion compared with
6.9 billion in March and 3.6 billion in April, 1986.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18748>
Italy's overall balance of payments showed
a deficit of 3,211 billion lire in May compared with a surplus
of 2,040 billion in April, provisional Bank of Italy figures
show.
    The May deficit compares with a surplus of 1,555 billion
lire in the corresponding month of 1986.
    For the first five months of 1987, the overall balance of
payments showed a surplus of 299 billion lire against a deficit
of 2,854 billion in the corresponding 1986 period.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18753>
Italy's overall balance of payments showed
a deficit of 3,211 billion lire in May compared with a surplus
of 2,040 billion in April, provisional Bank of Italy figures
show.
    The May deficit compares with a surplus of 1,555 billion
lire in the corresponding month of 1986.
    For the first five months of 1987, the overall balance of
payments showed a surplus of 299 billion lire against a deficit
of 2,854 billion in the corresponding 1986 period.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18985>
West German economic growth will slow to
1.5 pct this year from 2.4 pct in 1986 due to weak domestic
demand and tougher competition from abroad, the Organisation
for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) said in its
semi-annual review of the world economy.
    This view is less favourable than the West German
government's forecast of a growth rate of under two pct this
year, but is in line with forecasts by independent economic
institutes of growth ranging from 1.5 to two pct.
    The OECD said that the economy should pick up next year,
with the gross national product rising by two pct in real
terms.
    The OECD said it assumed the German economy was passing
through a period of temporary weakness and there would be some
recovery in business confidence in the near future.
    But it warned that the key to an improvement in the economy
was higher domestic demand, which is only forecast to rise by
2.5 pct this year and 2.75 pct in 1988, below 1986's 3.7 pct.
    While noting that the government is bringing forward a five
billion mark tax reform to January 1988, the OECD said that "the
medium to longer-term performance of the West German economy
could be improved by reduction of subsidies - which would allow
relatively lower tax rates."
    Since the OECD report was compiled, the West German Federal
Statistics Office has released figures showing that the GNP
actually fell 0.5 pct in real terms in the first quarter of
this year compared with the final three months of 1986.
    Diplomatic sources here said that West Germany appeared
likely to finish the year with the lowest growth rate of any of
the Group of Seven leading industrial nations.
    West Germany's current account surplus, the target of
considerable criticism by the Reagan administration, is
expected to rise slightly to 37 billion dlrs this year from
35.8 billion in 1986, before declining to 29 billion dlrs in
1988.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18991>
Japan's trade surplus is likely to
continue to grow in 1987, as sales of Japanese goods abroad
increase while domestic demand remains sluggish, the
Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD)
said.
    In its latest half-yearly review of the world economy, the
OECD said Japan managed to considerably reduce its surplus last
year, when domestic demand grew by four pct in 1986 while
export markets rose by only two pct.
    But it said this differential between the growth of
domestic and foreign demand would reverse in 1987 and 1988,
"thus weakening the international adjustment process."
    It forecast a slowing in domestic growth to little over two
pct but with a rise in exports of 3.3 pct in 1987 and 3.6 pct
in 1988. As a result, the current account surplus in 1987 will
rise to 95 billion dlrs from 86 billion in 1986, although in
1988 it should fall back to 87 billion dlrs.
    The OECD outlook did not take account of the 6,000 billion
yen package announced last month to stimulate domestic demand
and increase imports to Japan. However, OECD officials said the
measures will significantly strengthen domestic demand, quite
possibly exceeding one pct GNP when the full effects have
worked through, and thus will provide some stimulus to imports.
    The OECD outlook said, "Continued large current account
surpluses and the further build-up of an already-substantial
net external asset position could well lead to upward pressure
on the yen." It said that further appreciation could then lead
manufacturers to postpone their investment plans and thus
weaken domestic growth.
    The OECD said Japan's Gross National Product was likely to
gorw an annual two pct in 1987 and 1988, below 1986's 2.5 pct
growth. But it said Japan would continue its good performance
on inflation, with a zero figure expected in 1987 compared to a
0.6 pct rise in consumer prices last year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18996>
The United States should take urgent
action to cut its crippling budget deficit, including possible
reductions in non-defense spending, higher taxes and curbs on
growth of the defense budget, the Organization for Economic
Cooperation and Development said.
    The OECD, in its semi-annual review of the world economy,
said a failure of the Reagan Administration and Congress
quickly to agree on measures to cut the deficit "could seriously
affect confidence, both in the United States and elsewhere."
    It predicted that the federal deficit in fiscal 1987,
running until September 30 this year, would substantially
overshoot both the Balanced Budget Act's target of 144 billion
dlrs and official U.S. Estimates in February of 175 billion.
    "The OECD projection, which is based on assumptions of
slower growth, higher interest rates and actual data for the
first half of the financial year, is for a deficit of about 190
billion dollars," it said.
    While this would be 30 billion lower than last year's
deficit, much of the improvement would be due to corporate tax
increases being introduced before income tax cuts take effect.
    The U.S. Economic growth rate is expected to edge up to
2.75 pct next year from 2.5 pct this year and last.
    In contrast to the last two years, more competitive exports
boosted by the fall in the dollar should help GNP growth.
    Unemployment should continue to fall slowly as the service
sector continues to create jobs. But inflation appears to be
heading higher, partly due to the lower dollar, with consumer
prices forecast to rise four pct this year and 4.5 pct next
year after just 2.1 pct in 1986.
    "Monetary and fiscal policy appear to be the key factors
behind the avoidance of recession," the report said.
    The current account balance of payments deficit is expected
to be still around a high 125 billion dlrs next year, after
hitting a projected record 147.25 billion this year, it said.
    In Canada economic growth is expected to pick up slightly
to around 2.75 pct in 1988 from 2.5 pct this year, but will
still be below levels seen in recent years. Inflation is
expected to slow to 3.5 pct next year from 3.75 pct this year,
unemployment should edge down to nine pct in 1988 from 9.25 pct
this year.
    Canada's current account deficit is projected to shrink to
around four billion U.S. Dlrs this year and to remain at about
that level in 1988.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19005>
Australia's economy should manage modest
growth over the next two years after a sharp slowdown but
unemployment could still edge upwards, the Organisation for
Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) said.
    The organisation's latest half-yearly report says Gross
Domestic Product will grow by 2.5 pct this year and by 2.75 pct
in 1988 compared with only 1.4 pct in 1986. The growth will be
helped by higher stockbuilding and stronger domestic demand
following tax cuts and higher real wages, it added.
    The report forecasts a decline in inflation, with consumer
prices increasing by 8.5 pct this year and 6.25 pct in 1988.
    The current account deficit shows signs of easing slightly
and could narrow to 12 billion dlrs by the end of 1988.
    While predicting slightly stronger growth than last year,
however, the report revises downwards the OECD's earlier growth
forecast for 1987 of 3.75 pct.
    The OECD predicts a similar combination of modest economic
growth and rising unemployment for New Zealand, which is
struggling to recover from a major economic crisis.
    The country's GDP, which contracted by 0.6 pct last year,
should again show growth over the next two years, rising by
0.25 pct this year and a more substantial 2.75 pct in 1988.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19061>
Japan could avoid a sharp rise in the
value of the yen against the dollar if Japan, the U.S. And
other nations succeeded in restructuring their economies, an
advisory panel to the government's Economic Planning Agency
(EPA) said.
    The advisory body said in its report that the yen would
soar against the dollar if structural adjustments on a global
basis were delayed.
    An EPA official told Reuters the dollar could fall to
slightly below 100 yen by 1993 if Japan and the U.S. Failed to
restructure their economies.
    The dollar's fall without structural adjustments would cut
Japan's current account surplus to two pct of gross national
product (GNP) in 1993, the report said. It said such a change
would slow real GNP growth to an average of two pct annually
during the seven-year period to 1993.
    If the two nations restructured their economies, the dollar
would remain stable in real terms, while reducing Japan's
current-account surplus to 2.1 pct of GNP in 1993. This
scenario put Japan's GNP growth at 3.5 pct a year.
    It forecast real growth of three pct for the world economy
and four pct for Japan by 2,000 if the adjustments were made.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19075>
South Africa recorded annualised
real growth in GDP of 3.25 pct in the first quarter of this
year and the economy should achieve the government's target of
three pct growth for 1987, the Reserve Bank said.
    The South African central bank said in its quarterly
bulletin that confidence in the economy improved from January
to May 31 because of the higher gold price, a rise in the
nation's gold and foreign currency reserves and an improvement
in the rand's exchange rate to just under 50 U.S. Cents.
    It noted the growth rate had slowed from 4.5 pct in the
third and fourth quarters of last year.
    It also cited a three year debt recheduling agreement
reached with international creditors in March as evidence of
improved foreign perceptions of the South African economy.
    The accord effectively extends a moratorium on most
repayments of 13 billion dlrs of South Africa's short term
foreign debt. Total foreign debt is 23 billion dlrs.
    South Africa recorded a seasonally adjusted annualised
surplus on the current account of the balance of payments of
7.43 billion rand in the first quarter, compared with a surplus
of 7.24 billion rand in 1986. The bank said it was the ninth
consecutive current account surplus since the start of 1985.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19444>
Italy's Foreign Trade Minister Mario
Sarcinelli, commenting on speculation in the Italian press,
said a sharp balance of payments deficit in May could not be
attributed to recent moves liberalizing the purchase of foreign
securities.
    Sarcinelli was reacting to suggestions that last month's
overall 3,211 billion lire deficit, which compares with April's
2,040 billion surplus, could be linked to a May 13 decree
abolishing obligatory non-interest-bearing deposits on foreign
securities purchases.
   "The deficit can be better attributed to premature and
delayed foreign trade payments and receipts (leads and lags)
rather than capital outflow to portfolio investment," Sarcinelli
said in a statement.
    Earlier today the newspaper La Repubblica cited remarks by
the Bank of Italy, which announced the deficit for May and said
it had been partly caused by "non-banking capital outflows."
    "In practice, it seems that there has been a constant flow
of capital to foreign securities or investments outside our
borders," said the newspaper.
    But the newspaper added that it was still not possible to
say how far the move to abolish foreign securities purchase
deposits had affected Italy's balance of payments.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21096>
Italy's overall balance of payments showed a
919 billion lire surplus in September against a deficit of
1,026 billion in August, provisional Bank of Italy figures
showed.
    The September surplus compared with a shortfall of 1,697
billion lire in September 1986. For the first nine months of
1987, the overall balance of payments showed a deficit of 1,921
billion lire against a 1,725 billion deficit in the same 1986
period.
    The central bank said Italy's one billion dlr Eurobond
launched last month contributed to September's surplus.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21392>
Turkey's current account deficit widened
in July to 674 mln dlrs from 454 mln in June but fell from 1.22
billion in July last year, the State Statistics Institute said.
    The cumulative trade position in July showed a 1.85 billion
dlr deficit after 1.33 billion in June and 1.89 billion a year
earlier, with exports at 4.91 billion and imports, both FOB, at
6.76 billion.
    The government aims to narrow the current account deficit
for the whole of 1987 to 975 mln dlrs, compared with 1.52
billion last year, up from 1.01 billion in 1985.
    Bankers forecast the 1987 deficit will exceed one billion
dlrs,  because a spurt in exports is expected to slow
considerably in the last five months following a massive
drawdown of inventories.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21473>
South Korea's national news agency, Yonhap,
said this year's current account surplus will near 10 billion
dlrs amid signs of continuing high world demand for the
country's cheap cars and electronic goods.
    Bank of Korea officials would neither confirm nor deny the
Yonhap forecast, saying only that the bank would issue its own
figures later in the week.
    Yonhap said the January-September surplus in the current
account, which covers trade in goods and services, totalled
7.03 billion dlrs.
    This already exceeds the seven billion dlr ceiling for the
whole of 1987 that the government set in June during talks with
the International Monetary Fund aimed at averting a too rapid
revaluation of the won against the dollar.
    The agency said the September surplus was 1.4 billion dlrs,
up from 468.1 mln in August and 899 mln a year earlier.
    "Exports in October could be relatively modest due to many
public holidays, but by the end of this year the surplus will
be well over nine billion dollars, close to ten," Yonhap said.
    The sharp rise in the September surplus came from a
resumption of export deliveries delayed by strikes the previous
month.
    More than 3,300 companies, including car manufacturers,
electronic and electric firms, were hit by labour unrest
between July and September.
    The South Korean government originally targeted a five
billion dlr current account surplus this year, but had to raise
this to seven billion to reflect a startling first-half export
boom.
    If confirmed, the soaring 1987 current account surplus
seemed certain to trigger tougher pressure from the United
States which recorded a 7.4 billion dlr trade deficit with
Seoul last year, government economists said.
    The U.S. Government, trying to stem protectionist pressure
at home, has called on South Korea to open more markets to
American goods and revalue the won faster.
    The won was fixed at 804.90 against the dollar on Monday,
representing a 7.01 pct gain so far this year.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21519>
Norway's current account showed a 9.9
billion crown deficit for the first seven months of 1987,
against a 19.7 billion crown deficit for the same year-ago
period, the Central Bureau of Statistics said.
    North Sea oil and gas revenues rose 3.4 pct to 32.6 billion
crowns in the January to July period compared with 31.5 billion
in the first seven months of 1986. REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21525>
Malaysia's recovery from the worst
recession in 20 years should receive a boost on Friday when the
government announces a reflationary budget for calendar 1988
after seven years of austerity, economists said.
    "Our country is walking on one leg now," said Ismail Salleh,
an economist with the Institute of Strategic and International
Studies. "It has to depend on public sector investment for
faster growth if the private sector is not moving."
    Gross domestic product grew one pct in 1986 after shrinking
one pct in 1985. The fiscal year ends December 31.
    The government has said it expects 1987 growth to be under
two pct but some analysts believe it will be nearer three pct
because prices for commodity exports have risen sharply.
Malaysia is a leading exporter of rubber, palm oil, tin and
semiconductors and a major producer of cocoa, timber and oil.
    The government slashed development spending to 9.8 billion
ringgit this year from 14.5 billion in 1986.
    Economists said unemployment is expected to exceed 10 pct
in 1988 against about 9.5 pct this year.
    Local investment also has stagnated, with businessmen
blaming inconsistent economic policies and lack of incentives.
    One businessman said too many politicians give the
impression that Malaysia was unstable.
    "If we can take care of investment confidence, the potential
to recover strongly is great," a banker said.
    Malaysia's 1987 current account is expected to be in the
black with the Central Bank projecting a 500 mln ringgit
surplus compared with last year's 1.2 billion ringgit deficit.
    The government has said its fiscal policies will balance
the budget by 1989. The deficit in 1986 was 952 mln ringgit.
    The government will also repay some of its external debt,
which stood at 51 billion ringgit at the end of 1986.
    Political leaders have said the budget will not hurt
ordinary people as taxes on basic food and other essential
goods are unlikely to change.
    Businessmen said they hope the government also will cut the
corporate tax, now between 45 and 48 pct, to enable Malaysia to
compete for investors with neighbouring states.
 REUTER
</BODY>
