<BODY DOCID=14858>
Japan's Agriculture Ministry, angered by
U.S. Demands that Japan open its farm products market, will
tell U.S. Officials at talks later this month that
liberalisation would harm existing U.S. Farm exports to Japan,
a senior ministry official said.
    "Imports from the U.S. Would drop due to active sales drives
by other suppliers," the official, who declined to be named,
said. "Japan is the largest customer for U.S. Farm products and
it is not reasonable for the U.S. To demand Japan liberalise
its farm import market," he said.
    Agriculture Minister Mutsuki Kato has said if the U.S.
Insists Japan open its protected rice market it will also open
its wheat market, where volume and origin are regulated to
protect local farmers.
    Australia and Canada could then increase their wheat
exports as they are more competitive than the U.S., He said.
End-users would also buy other origins, grain traders said.
    U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng, who is due to
visit Japan for talks between April 16-27, has said he will ask
Japan to offer a share of its rice market to U.S. Suppliers and
remove quotas on U.S. Beef and citrus imports.
    Other countries are already cutting into the U.S. Market
share here. Australia, the largest beef supplier to Japan, has
been trying to boost exports prior to the expiry of a four-year
beef accord next March 31.
    Imports of U.S. Corn have fallen due to increased sales
from China and South America, while Japanese soybean imports
from Brazil are expected to rise sharply this year, although
the U.S. Will remain the largest supplier.
    U.S. Feedgrain sales will also drop if Japan opens up its
beef imports, since Japan depends almost entirely on feedgrain
imports, mainly from the U.S., Japanese officials said.
    An indication of the U.S. Position came last December when
Under Secretary of Agriculture Daniel Amstutz said Japan has
the potential to provide one of the largest boosts to U.S.
Agricultural exports, with the beef market alone representing
some one billion dlrs in new business.
    The U.S. Has also asked the General Agreement on Tariffs
and Trade to investigate the legality of Japanese import
controls on 12 other farm products, including fruit juices,
purees and pulp, tomato juice, ketchup and sauce, peanuts,
prepared beef products and miscellaneous beans.
    To help calm heated trade relations with the U.S., Japan's
top business group Keidanren has urged the government to remove
residual import restrictions on agricultural products.
    But Agriculture Minister Kato has ruled out any emotional
reaction, and the senior ministry official said the farm issue
should not become a scapegoat for trade pressure in the
industrial sector.
    "Japan is the largest buyer of U.S. Farm products, and these
issues should not be discussed on the same table," the official
said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15254>
The U.S. meat and poultry inspection
programs are incapable of protecting consumers from
contaminated products, groups representing inspectors and
consumers charged.
    "The whole trend of inspection for the last 10 years has
been to corrupt and to degrade the system where today the
public is at constant risk to contaminated and adulterated
meat," Kenneth Blaylock, president of the American Federation of
Government Employees, told a House Agriculture subcommittee.
    "The American consumer has little reason to feel confident
about the safety of meat and poultry being offered to him
today," said Rodney Leonard, executive director of the Community
Nutrition Institute.
    "Company management is less concerned about the risk to
health than about raising plant output and company profits,"
Leonard told a hearing of the House Agriculture Subcommittee on
Livestock, Dairy and Poultry.
    Kenneth Morrison, staff associate at the Government
Accountability Project, said inspectors consistently disclose
violations of federal law, demonstrating a "serious breakdown in
the entire inspection system."
    Morrison told of chicken fat for flavoring being
contaminated by "intestines dragging in a water trough used to
flush away the condemned product, fecal material, human spit,
chewing gum and paper towels used by plant employees to blow
their noses."
    Donald Houston, administrator of the U.S. Agriculture
Department's Food Safety and Inspection Service, FSIS, defended
the government's program, calling it "one of the most respected
public health programs in the world."
    FSIS inspects an estimated 127 mln head of cattle and 4.5
billion chicken and turkeys every year.
    Houston said inspection programs have kept pace with
change, but conceded that the danger of chemical residues in
the meat and poultry supply has increased.
    He also said that, although he was confident the bacterium
salmonella eventually could be eradicated, it would take time
and much money to contain the growing problem.
    Salmonella, which in extreme cases can cause death, is
found in approximately 37 pct of U.S. broilers, 12 pct of raw
pork and three to five pct of raw beef, Houston said.
    The number of reported cases has doubled over the past 20
years, he said, to 40,000 cases annually.
    "We certainly really have not found an effective means of
turning this disease around," said Rep. James Olin (D-Va.)
    The National Research Council recommended in 1985 that FSIS
intensify efforts to develop rapid diagnostic procedures for
detecting microoganisms.
    But the meat and poultry industries have said such controls
would cost too much.
    "Hopefully we will not overreact by installing unnecessarily
complicated procedures that may become obstacles to the real
goal of providing an increasingly safer, more nutritious and
economical meat supply for consumers," Stanley Emerling,
executive vice president of the National Association of Meat
Purveyors, said.
    Blaylock, speaking on behalf of food inspectors, said a new
program allowing elimination of USDA inspection functions at
certain plants "voids the law in letter and spirit, and must be
repealed or we will see rising consumer fraud and an epidemic
of death and illness for which there will be no prevention nor
legal recourse."
    Subcommittee Chairman Charles Stenholm (D-Tex.) said the
panel would hold a hearing on salmonella June 2.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15642>
Demand good for moderate
supplies of most beef cuts, However, limited interest noted for
tenderloins/flank steaks. Yield grade 2-3 beef cuts, fabricated
items, vacuum packed.
                          LBS    CHOICE
 ROUND CUTS -steady/up 11.00                 
 160 round, part bnls     50-85  few 137
 161 round, bnls          42-80  few 147
 161 diamond cut          49-85  few 149
 167 knuckle               8-15  few 148
 167a knuckle, peeled      8-15  few 163
 168 top inside round     14-26  165-175
 170 bottom gooseneck rnd 18-33  131-135
 More
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15798>
Zimbabwe's beef exports to the European
Community (EC), potentially worth 70 mln Zimbabwean dlrs this
year, may be jeopardised by an outbreak of foot and mouth
disease in southwestern Matabeleland, industry sources said.
    The country has temporarily suspended beef exports to the
EC because of the outbreak and awaits a decision from the EC
veterinary committee, which is considering a formal ban.
    The outbreak in the country's main ranching province has
already led neighbouring beef-producing Botswana and Zambia to
bar beef and dairy imports from Zimbabwe, threatening the dairy
industry with a loss of at least one mln dlrs in export
revenue.
    "The situation is still uncertain at the moment. Normally
when an outbreak occurs there is an automatic suspension of
beef exports," one industry source said yesterday.
     Commenting on EC policy, he explained, "Depending on the
seriousness of the outbreak the (veterinary) committee then
decides on three options, allowing us to continue exporting
beef from disease-free areas, clamping a three-month suspension
on exports or banning us from exporting for a year. We are
still awaiting their decision," he added, asking not to be
identified.
    Zimbabwe was granted an export quota of 8,100 tonnes of
high-grade beef to EC markets in 1985 after the country had
spent millions of dollars erecting disease-control fences and
upgrading abattoirs to meet stringent EC rules.
    Should the EC ban Zimbabwean exports, the country will be
forced to sell its beef on glutted world beef markets at low
prices, the source said. Projected earnings from beef sales
could fall about 23 mln dlrs as a result, he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16379>
Swift Independent Packing Co said it
agreed in principle to sell its Huron, South Dakota, pork plant
to Huron Dressed Beef, for undisclosed terms.
    Completion of the proposed transaction is subject to
Huron's ability to hire an experienced work force at
competitive rates, and receive government approval of the
purchase and operation of the plant, Swift said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16564>
U.S. officials said they held out
little hope the European Community, EC, would withdraw a
controversial meat inspection requirement, due to go into
effect April 30 and which U.S. meat producers claim will cut
off their exports.
    But the officials said they expect the EC to allow U.S.
plants to continue shipping meat through the end of the year
provided they submit a plant improvement program with the U.S.
Agriculture Department.
    The EC's so-called Third Country Meat Directive will
require foreign meat processing plants to comply fully with EC
inspection standards beginning April 30.
    The U.S. meat industry has prepared a petition requesting
the Reagan administration to retaliate against the EC rule.
    At issue are U.S. meat exports to the EC valued at 132 mln
dlrs in 1985.
    The EC rule would require all U.S. plants to make changes
in their inspection methods, ranging from veterinary staffing
to use of wood.
    Last December, the EC determined that only one U.S. cattle,
one hog and one sheep slaughtering facility could be approved
without further review. USDA would have to certify that the
plants had corrected the deficiencies.
    All remaining plants with a history or potential of
shipping to the EC -- totaling nearly 400 -- would require more
significant changes in plant constructions or procedures before
further EC review.
    Robert Hibbert, general counsel for the American Meat
Institute, said the meat industry expected to submit a formal
trade retaliation petition by April 30.
    An interagency committee is reviewing the industry's draft
petition.
    An official at the U.S. Trade Representative's Office said
U.S. officials continued to press the EC to withdraw the rule,
but that "the chances of that are not too good at this time."
    However, there is the "expectation" in U.S. government and
meat industry circles that the EC will continue to allow
shipments, at least through the end of the calendar year, from
U.S. plants that submit to USDA a plan on how they will bring
their operations into conformity with the EC regulation, the
USTR official said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16784>
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng
opens talks with Japanese government officials today well aware
his demand for the opening of Japanese rice, beef and citrus
markets is likely to be rejected.
     But in an interview with Reuters during the flight to
Tokyo yesterday, Lyng said the goal of his trip was to throw an
international spotlight on Japan's agricultural import
protection in the hope pressure would build on Tokyo to open
its markets.
    "(The Japanese) have said they are happy we are coming, but
they are not going to give us anything," Lyng said.
    U.S. Officials do not expect any Japanese concessions
during Lyng's two-week visit here. Any farm trade concessions
would be unveiled later this month, they said.
    "If there is anything of consequence to offer (Prime
Minister Yasuhiro) Nakasone would take it with him," when he
visits Washington later in the month, one U.S. Official said.
    Lyng plans to ask Japan to open the door to rice imports by
partially lifting the longstanding ban on foreign purchases.
    A private U.S. Rice trader visited Tokyo last week
requesting Japan buy 200,000 tonnes of rice for industrial uses
such as making sake. Japan has rejected the overture, saying
Tokyo maintains a policy of self-sufficiency in rice.
    Lyng will also press Japan to eliminate an import quota for
beef by April 1988 because he believes Japanese consumers would
like to buy much more beef than currently allowed.
    He cited the example of a California company which
transports live U.S. Cattle to Japan by air for slaughter to
circumvent the beef quota. The cost of transport is higher than
the value of the animal, he said.
    U.S. Officials said the Japan Livestock Industry Promotion
Corporation which regulates beef imports, was forced to borrow
from the fiscal 1987 quota earlier this year because the 1986
quota was exhausted and Japanese beef prices were rising. Japan
has said it cannot open its markets to beef imports.
    Along with beef, the U.S. Will also press Japan to
eliminate import quotas on fresh oranges and orange juice by
April, 1988. Some U.S. Officials believe Japan may eventually
be willing to scrap the quota on fresh oranges because
liberalized trade would not necessarily damage the Japanese
mandarin orange industry.
    The quota on juice may be harder to eliminate because
imports might replace domestic produced juice, U.S. And
Japanese officials have said.
   Lyng has resurrected a past U.S. Proposal that Japan buy
surplus U.S. Foodgrains for donation to developing countries,
but some U.S. Officials are skeptical action will be taken.
   Lyng will also urge Japan to put its domestic farm policies,
including rice, on the negotiating table during GATT talks in
Geneva. He said Japan must eliminate import quotas on certain
minor food products or face possible U.S. Reprisals.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18034>
A representative of the poultry
industry said statistics showed that chicken is less frequently
the cause of salmonella poisoning than beef, dairy products or
salads and other mixed foods.
    Kenneth May, President of Holly Farms Poultry Industries
and a director of the National Broiler Council, told a House
Agriculture subcommittee the incidence of salmonella in chicken
has not increased in recent years and that chicken is neither
the major source of the bacterial poisoning nor the cause of an
increase in outbreaks of the disease.
    May said the Center for Disease Control figures showed that
between 1978 and 1982, chicken was involved in four pct of all
U.S. salmonellosis outbreaks, while beef accounted for ten pct
of outbreaks and dairy products six pct.
    May said the remaining outbreaks were caused by salads and
mixed food, turkey, seafood, pork, eggs and other foods.
    May said the chicken industry favored moving away from
bird-by-bird inspection procedures to a risk assessment system
better able to identify microbial and bacterial contamination
of poultry.
    However, Ellen Haas, executive director of Public Voice for
Food and Health Policy, said bird-by-bird inspection should be
retained and labels should be attached to each ready-to-cook
chicken to remind consumers about preparation procedures
necessary to avoid illness.
    Haas also called for a review of present chicken industry
inspection methods that she said can worsen poultry hazards.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18099>
A former U.S. Agriculture Department
official urged the department to require that packages of
chicken be labeled with handling and cooking instructions to
protect the public from disease.
    Carol Tucker Foreman, President of Foreman and Heidepriem
and a former assistant secretary of agriculture for food and
consumer services, told a House Agriculture subcommittee, "every
hour of every day, 22 Americans become victims of chicken
contaminated with salmonella."
    She said every two and a half weeks, an American dies of
salmonellosis or complications arising from it and the
incidence of poisoning from poultry has increased steadily over
the past several years.
    Foreman said USDA should follow a National Academy of
Sciences recommendation to label chicken packages to remind
consumers of preparation procedures necessary to avoid illness.
    She urged USDA to require that birds be washed thoroughly
before they are defeathered and that defeathering machines be
cleaned several times a day, that birds be condemned if their
intestines are punctured or there is visible fecal
contamination and that chiller water be changed more often.
    Kenneth Blaylock, President of the American Federation of
Government Employees, said a poultry industry recommendation to
move away from the current bird-by-bird inspection could prove
"disastrous." He said a strengthened bird-by-bird inspection with
slower line speeds was the foundation upon which new inspection
techniques should be overlaid.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18276>
The Commodity Credit Corporation (CCC)
has accepted a bid for an export bonus to cover the sale of
15,000 tonnes of frozen poultry to Iraq, the U.S. Agriculture
Department said.
    The poultry is for shipment June-September and the bonus
was 719.80 dlrs per tone, it said.
    The bonus award was made to ConAgra Poultry Co and will be
paid in the form of commodities from the inventory of CCC
stocks.
    The purchase completes the Export Enhancement initiative
for Frozen Poultry to Iraq announced December 22, 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18277>
The Commodity Credit Corporation (CCC)
has accepted a bid for two bonus offers to cover the sale of
10,000 tonnes of frozen poultry to Egypt, the U.S. Agriculture
Department said.
    The poultry is for shipment November, 1987, through August,
1988, and the bonus was 473.99 dlrs per tonne for the frozen
fryer legs. The bonuses were made to Gress Foods, Inc (5,000
tonnes), and Serva International Ltd (5,000 tonnes).
    The subsidies will be paid to the exporters in the form of
commodities from CCC stocks.
    An additional 8,500 tonnes of frozen poultry remain
available to Egypt under the Export Enhancement Program
initiative announced Dec 19, 1986, and Feb 27, 1987, the
department said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18352>
The U.S. meat industry has launched an
aggressive promotion campaign in Japan to increase consumer
awareness of U.S. beef and persuade the Japanese government to
relax current beef import quotas.
    U.S. beef sales to Japan, currently around 480 mln dlrs
annually, could increase to over two billion dlrs and as high
as six billion dlrs by the year 2000 if Japanese quotas were
removed and the Japanese consumer were made more aware of the
attributes of U.S. beef, officials of the U.S. Meat Export
Federation said at a press conference today.
    Partially funded with a 6.5 mln dlr award made through the
Agriculture Department's Targeted Export Assistance (TEA)
program, a five-year meat promotion campaign in Japan was
launched by the U.S. Meat Export Federation in April.
    "The promising Japanese beef market could be one of the
bright spots for U.S. agricultural exports," said Philip Seng,
Asian Director for the Federation. "We supply and they (Japan)
buy a very high quality of beef. They like our beef and want to
buy more," he said.
    Seng pointed to Japan's beef quota system, which limits
total Japanese beef imports to 177,000 tonnes per year and U.S.
imports to 58,400 tonnes, as the major constraint in expanding
U.S. beef shipments to Japan.
    The quotas were implemented in 1977 at a time of heavy
Japanese foreign beef imports. The current quota agreement
expires next March and beef quota negotiations are set to get
underway this fall.
    The Reagan administration has called for an end to the
quotas by April, 1988, but Japanese officials have said they
would not liberalize imports regardless of the U.S. pressure.
    Officials from the Meat Export Federation told Reuters that
they do not expect a complete lifting of the quota, but that
they hope for at least a gradual increase in the quota.
    High beef prices in Japan caused by the protected market
has also kept beef consumption at modest levels, meat industry
officials said.
    Japanese shoppers pay an average of 27.14 dlrs for a U.S.
tenderloin steak in a restaurant and an average of 47.42 dlrs
for a Japanese-produced restaurant steak, the meat association
said. At the retail level, U.S. striploin sells for 9.77 dlrs
per pound, while Japanese beef sells for 28.51 dlrs per lb.
    Japanese consumers currently eat less than 10 lbs of beef
per year, compared to 78 lbs for the average American,
officials said.
    Total beef consumption in Japan is now 700,000 to 800,000
tonnes per year, but Seng said with the removal of quotas and a
decrease in beef prices, consumption could increase to 3.2 mln
tonnes.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18482>
Japanese compound feed output rose 2.3 pct
to 25.80 mln tonnes in 1986/87 ended March 31 from 25.23 mln a
year earlier, the Agriculture Ministry said.
    The marginal rise reflected slight growth in demand for
poultry raising and a moderate increase in demand for beef
cattle raising, Ministry officials said.
    Compound feed sales totalled 26.01 mln tonnes in 1986/87
against 25.40 mln a year ago, while end-March stocks were
217,554 tonnes against 224,101.
    Corn use in feed output in 1986/87 rose to 11.71 mln tonnes
from 11.02 mln a year earlier due to low import prices.
    The officials said corn imports rose because the world
surplus and the yen's strength against the dollar reduced
Chicago prices. The corn compounding ratio rose to 45.2 pct in
1986/87 from 43.4 pct a year earlier.
    Sorghum use rose marginally to 4.80 mln tonnes in 1986/87
from 4.79 mln, but the compounding ratio fell to 18.5 pct from
18.9 pct because of greater corn use. Higher import prices due
to poor harvests last year in major producing nations such as
Argentina made feed makers reluctant to use sorghum.
    Soybean meal use fell to 2.58 mln tonnes from 2.63 mln and
the compounding ratio declined to 10.0 pct from 10.3 pct.
    The drop in soybean meal consumption resulted from
increased use of cheaper rapeseed meal, the officials said.
    Rapeseed consumption in 1986/87 was 563,889 tonnes against
528,152 a year earlier. The compounding ratio rose to 2.2 pct
from 2.1 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19269>
U.S. Agriculture Department
inspectors have refused entry to parts of two lots of
Australian beef because of pesticide residues, a spokeswoman
for the department said.
    She said USDA has notified Australia, which assured it that
stricter controls would be implemented.
    The Australian government had already imposed residue
controls and it is believed the meat with the presticide
residues was already in the pipeline before the controls were
put in place, the spokeswoman said.
    There have been five other cases of Australian meat which
had residue levels above U.S. allowable limits this year, she
said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20441>
Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng
said the ruling of a GATT panel on a U.S. trade complaint
against Japan, expected soon, may influence the U.S. stance in
negotiations with Tokyo on beef and citrus import quotas.
    The ruling of a GATT tribunal on a U.S. demand that Japan
end quotas on 12 categories of food items is expected by the
end of the year. Lyng said he is optimistic the ruling will
favor the U.S.
    "These are quota items, and the principles that apply to
them, it seems to me, will have some bearing on the question of
whether you would have quotas or not on beef and citrus," Lyng
told Reuters in an interview.
    He repeated the U.S. demand that Japan lift the quotas on
beef and citrus after March 31, next year.
    The Japanese quotas on 12 food categories which the United
States has challenged include items such as tomato paste, some
cheeses and specialty fruit juices.
    U.S. officials had hoped a ruling against the quotas would
be issued earlier this year but the GATT panel decision has
been delayed by the illness of the tribunal's chairman.
    The U.S. has taken a hardline stance on the beef and citrus
quotas, which Tokyo says must remain in place to protect
Japanese farmers.
    "We will not negotiate new quotas or accept new quotas (on
beef and citrus). If they impose them we would consider that an
illegal action in the GATT, Lyng said.
    He declined to say what action the U.S. would take next
April if Japan continues to resist U.S. demands.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20462>
The United States is prepared to "pull out
all the stops" to defend its agricultural trade rights under the
General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT), U.S. Ambassador
to GATT Michael Samuels said.
    Those rights are now being challenged by the European
Community's (EC) agricultural support policies, he told a
conference sponsored by the American Soybean Association.
    He reiterated Washington's firm intention to retaliate if
the EC goes ahead and bans imports of hormone-fed beef without
the issue being investigated by a GATT special committee.
    The U.S. claims the EC directive, due to come into effect
on January 1, threatens to cut 100 mln dlrs worth of U.S. meat
shipments into the EC.
    The U.S. also will oppose all EC efforts to impair U.S.
trade via the EC oilseeds regime, which supports EC oilseed
prices over the current market level and which may be extended
to include a hotly disputed oils and fats tax, Samuels said.
    Reduction of trade-distorting world agricultural subsidies,
an aim of most key participants in GATT multilateral trade
negotiations, "is meaningless if import barriers continue to be
erected," Samuels said.
    Samuels called the U.S. plan to eliminate world farm
subsidies by the year 2000, proposed at GATT in July, "visionary"
and "very serious."  The EC and Japan have said it is
unrealistic.
    The EC Commission this month announced its draft proposal
on farm trade reform, expected to be tabled at GATT formally
next week.
    The EC scheme involves emergency measures to reduce
tensions in troubled surplus sectors of cereals and cereals
substitutes, dairy and sugar. It also calls for reduction of
farm subsidies.
    The U.S. Is not opposed to short-term measures, as long as
they are directly linked to long-term commitments to end major
trade distortions, Samuels said.
    Washington will review the EC proposal when it is formally
submitted and respond to it officially then.
    "We will consider its relation to the Punta del Este
declaration to correct trade problems and expand market access,"
the U.S. Ambassador said.
    The U.S. can say no to the EC proposal if the EC ignores
the U.S. plan when it tables its own proposal, he added.
    The key difference between the two approaches is that the
U.S. wants farm subsidies eliminated, while the EC is pushing
only for a reduction in farm suppports, Samuels said.
    If the EC farm budget were protected by a subsidy freeze,
there would be little incentive for the Community to work to
correct the international trade situation, he added.
    Samuels cited the animal hormones complaint, the EC
oilseeds regime and an EC regulation concerning meat imports to
third countries as three crucial barriers to trade which the
U.S. wants to see resolved under the auspices of GATT.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20511>
The European Community (EC) agreed a
trade deal with Argentina designed to compensate the country
following the entry of Spain and Portugal into the group, EC
officials said.
    Under the deal agreed by EC foreign ministers, Argentina
will gain additional trading rights on a series of products
including meat, fish and cereals by-products.
    But ministers failed to agree on new trade deals with
Canada and Japan and are due to study these again, the
officials said.
    The deal with Argentina was agreed by a majority of EC
states after West Germany withdrew objections to increased
quotas for Argentina on high-quality beef.
    Ireland and France continued to oppose the deal on meat,
saying that the main dispute was over sales of cereals
substitutes, but they were outvoted by the other states, the
officials said. Under the deal, Argentina will benefit from
improved quotas on exports of beef to the EC. In particular the
quota on high-quality Hilton beef will be raised by 4,500
tonnes to 34,300 tonnes and quotas on frozen boneless beef will
be increased by 3,000 tonnes to 53,000 tonnes.
    Argentina will also benefit from an additional quota of
5,000 tonnes of frozen hake fillets at 10 pct duty and reduced
levies on 550,000 tonnes of wheat bran, the officials said.
    The improved trade terms were offered after Argentina said
that Spain and Portugal's entry into the EC affected their
exports of cereals substitutes to these two countries. They
have been negotiated under the rules of GATT (General Agreement
on Tariffs and Trade).
    But officials said ministers had been unable to resolve
Canadian claims that its sales of certain fish to Spain had
been affected by the country's EC membership.
    Officials said the EC had asked GATT to arbitrate on the
fish dispute with Canada.
    Ministers also decided to continue talks with Japan. The EC
claims that Spain and Portugal's entry into the group has
improved trade conditions for Japan but has been unsatisfied
with Japanese offers of compensation.
    Japan's main offers were to improve inspection systems on
citrus fruits to aid EC exports, to improve tariffs for some
other farm produce, to increase tariffs for leather footwear
and to offer better trade terms for Spain and Portugal.
    EC External Trade Commissioner Willy De Clercq told
journalists: "We maintain our position that the (Japanese)
concessions were not enough."
    "We hope that there will be an improvement," he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21367>
An Iowa State University study showed
pork contains considerably less fat than indicated by
long-established U.S. Department of Agriculture statistics, the
National Pork Producers Council (NPPC) said.
    Six of the seven muscle cuts evaluated in the study
averaged 4.3 pct fat or less, well below American Heart
Association guidelines for recommended foods. Eighty pct of all
the raw boneless rib chops evaluated in the study contained
less than six pct fat, the NPPC said.
    Meanwhile, USDA Handbook 8-10 - long used as the
established authority on nutrient composition, indicates a fat
content for center loin pork of 7.3 pct, the NPPC said.
    Robin Kline, a dietitian and Director of Consumer Affairs
for the NPPC said he was not surprised at the wide discrepancy
between the study and the USDA handbook.
    "Handbook 8-10 is based to a certain extent on information
that has been accumulated over the past 30 years. The
statistics in it about pork do not reflect the hog of today
which is about 50 pct leaner than it was 20 or 30 years ago,
thanks to genetic improvements and better feeding practices,"
Kline said.
    The study, funded by NPPC with producer checkoff money,
evaluated pork carcasses from 47 Iowa producers in categories
from 0.7 to 1.3 inches of backfat. Researchers measured the fat
content of the seven muscles before cooking, and the fat,
moisture and tenderness of cooked boneless rib chops.
 Reuter
</BODY>
