<BODY DOCID=17477>
Philippine Coconut Authority (PCA)
chairman Jose Romero said he would visit Brussels later this
month to lobby against a proposed 100 pct European Community
(EC) levy on vegetable oil imports.
    "I intend to visit Brussels and talk to whoever is putting
up this devilish scheme to impoverish third world countries
like the Philippines," Romero said in an interview.
    He said he did not know how much support the levy had
within the EC but he said he believed those originally opposed
to the tax were under pressure to change their position.
    Romero said a group of EC members led by West Germany, the
Netherlands, Denmark and Norway were opposed to the tax. But
there was a danger some of them would be persuaded to change
sides, and if that happened opposition could crumble.
    Romero said another threat to exports lay in an EC warning
that copra meal cake used in livestock feeds contained
dangerous levels of aflatoxin, a carcinogenic chemical.
    He said the EC standard of 0.02 parts of aflatoxin per
million parts of meal, which EC countries had been asked to
apply by October 1988, was too rigid. He said Philippine copra
cake contained much higher levels of aflatoxin.
    Aflatoxin comes from moulds which develop in copra when it
is not properly dried or ground.
    Romero said he would tell big buyers of copra meal in
London that the Philippines was doing its best to meet EC
standards. It was also trying to eliminate aflatoxin totally,
but this was likely to take several years of research.
    Copra meal exports were 817,641 tonnes or 35 pct of total
coconut exports in 1986. The meal was worth 73.5 mln dlrs.
    Romero said he would also visit Oxford University's
department of agricultural economics to discuss ways of
avoiding the copra process altogether.
    "There are ways of producing coconut products outside of
copra," Romero said. "We can process fresh coconut without drying
the meat in the sun. Through the wet process we can process
coconuts into other food or non-food products, or we can go to
the chemical root."
    He said there was a tendency for agricultural countries to
become more protectionist and he expected export prices of
coconut products to drop.
    "In the long term we will be getting less and less for more
and more production, and I'm not comfortable with that," he
said.
    With countries like Indonesia and Malaysia stepping up
production of palm oil, a coconut oil substitute, palm oil
output had risen nearly 70 pct since 1971, Romero said.
    "To add to that the U.S. Soybean Association is spending
billions of dollars to discredit palm oil and coconut oil by
saying that they are polysaturated fats and bad for the heart,"
he said.
    Romero said he expected coconut product export prices to
stay up for the rest of the year. They would probably touch a
high of 20 cents/pound from the current level of 18.59 cents,
and a sharp rise from year-ago levels of 10.50 cents.
    Romero said the Philippines was at the end of a five-year
coconut production cycle which showed production tended to fall
after two successive years of good harvests.
    He said 1985 and 1986 were good harvests and this year, to
add to the production fall, drought had affected output.
    "Traders are stocking up and when they have overbought the
prices will start declining again. The only sure way to keep
prices stable is by processing, adding more value," he said.
    Coconut farmers were being encouraged to intercrop by
planting other cash crops between coconut trees, he said.
    "A typical farm may have from 100 to 150 trees sitting on
10,000 square metres of land. That's a lot of space," Romero
said. He said the government's proposed land reform program
would exclude about 75 pct of the coconut farmers because they
had less than the proposed seven-hectares of land.
    "If the idea of land reform is to increase income levels,
production and employment then it won't happen," he said.
    PCA figures show about one-third of the country's
population is dependent on the coconut industry.
    Coconuts are planted on about 3.2 mln hectares or
one-fourth of total agricultural land.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18781>
The rate of increase in world palm oil
use is likely to slow next season despite an expected 800,000
tonne production rise to 8.13 mln tonnes, Siegfried Mielke,
editor of the Hamburg-based newsletter Oil World said.
    He told the 8th Antwerp Oils and Fats Contact Days that in
the next Oct/Sept 1987/88 season, palm oil use will rise to
8.25 mln tonnes from 7.71 mln, below the five-year average
increase of 550,000 tonnes.
     Opening stocks at the start of next October are expected
to be about 1.4 mln tonnes, 300,000 tonnes below year-earlier
levels, bringing total supplies to 9.5 mln tonnes, he said.
    The anticipated total supplies will be about 500,000 tonnes
above this season's available amount, Mielke said.
    The increase in mature palm tree areas in Malaysia will
slow down from this year on, but that will be offset by area
expansion in Indonesia, he said.
    He estimated the combined rise in Malaysian and Indonesian
mature area at 8.7 pct next year, after 9.5 pct this year, and
at 6.7 pct in 1989 and 5.0 pct in 1990.
    Malaysia also is shifting plantings to Sabah and Sarawak,
where the rate of expansion is higher than in the Peninsula,
but where yields are lower, he said.
     The stocks/usage ratio of seven major oils is also
expected to decline, Mielke said. The oils are soybean,
cottonseed, sunflowerseed, coconut, rapeseed, palmkernel and
palm.
    At the start of October 1986 stocks of these oils were
unusually high and represented 6.8 weeks of the current
season's prospective demand, compared with six weeks a year ago
and with 5.4 weeks in 1984, he said.
    Mielke expects the ratio to fall to 5.9 weeks by the start
of next October and to the unusually low level of 5.4 weeks by
the end of next season.
    The stocks/usage ratio for palm oil was 11.4 weeks last
October and is likely to be 8.7 weeks next October and 7.7 at
the end of next season, Mielke said.
    World oilseed stocks also are expected to fall in the
course of the next season, with the biggest reduction seen in
soybean stocks, which Mielke expects to decline by 5.0 mln
tonnes or by one fifth.
    Almost all of the decline is expected to occur in the U.S.,
for which he estimated ending stocks next season at 10.7 mln
tonnes, or 393 mln bushels, against anticipated ending stocks
of 15 mln tonnes, or 551 mln bushels, at the end of this
season.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20911>
A proposal to require imported
tropical oils to be labeled as saturated fats suffered a narrow
and possibly debilitating defeat in the U.S. Senate.
    The Senate Agriculture Committee rejected the proposal by a
10-8 vote, virtually snuffing out U.S. soybean producers' hopes
the plan would be adopted this year.
    A similar proposal has made no headway in the House.
    Sen. Tom Harkin (D-Iowa) offered the proposal as an
amendment to a farm spending reduction package.
    "I don't see this as a trade issue. I see it as giving
American consumers the information they need," he said.
    Proponents of the measure, including the American Soybean
Association, have claimed palm, palm kernel and coconut oils
are high in saturated fat and can contribute to heart disease.
    The U.S. soybean industry believes labels indicating
tropical oils are high in saturated fats would discourage
consumption of the oils, imported primarily from Malaysia,
Indonesia and the Philippines.
    But Sen. Richard Lugar (R-Ind.) read a letter from U.S.
Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter, who said the proposal
"blatantly discriminates" against imports, would be impossible to
defend under international trade law and would harm relations
with the Philippines, Malaysia and Indonesia.
    Yeutter's letter also said Americans derive most of their
saturated fats from meat and dairy products and relatively
little from tropical oils.
    The committee voted largely along party lines, with three
Democrats joining seven Republicans to oppose the measure.
 Reuter
</BODY>
