<BODY DOCID=15095>
Major cocoa exporters are likely to
limit sales in the weeks ahead in an effort to boost world
prices, sources close to a meeting of the Cocoa Producers
Alliance (CPA) said.
    The sources said the depressed world market had been one of
the main topics discussed in a closed door meeting of the
11-member CPA which began on Monday.
    They said producers agreed that cutting sales would aid the
buffer stock manager of a new international cocoa pact in his
effort to support prices.
    Major cocoa producing and consuming nations agreed
operation rules for the buffer stock at a meeting in London
last month and the stock manager is expected to enter the
market soon.
    Prices, under the weight of three successive cocoa
surpluses, recently fell to the level at which the manager has
to buy cocoa under stock rules.
    The buffer stock aims to keep prices within a pre-set range
by buying when prices fall and selling when they rise.
    "The world's cocoa price at present is just not interesting,"
commented one delegate representing a major CPA producer.
    Another source said that with much of the 1986/87
(October-September) world cocoa crop sold, limiting sales in
the near term concerns essentially next year's harvest.
    The sources noted, however, that the cocoa industry in
Brazil, the world's number two producer, is in private hands.
This means limiting sales is more difficult than in major West
African producers, where sales are made or authorized by
commodity marketing boards.
    The CPA includes the world's top three producers, Ivory
Coast, Brazil and Ghana, and accounts for 80 pct of all output.
    The meeting here is due to end tomorrow evening.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15179>
The basic deposit on cocoa futures
contracts will be reduced by 25 pct as from Friday, April 10,
taking the required deposit for one 10 tonne lot to 300 stg
from 400 previously, a spokesman for the International
Commodity Clearing House (ICCH) said.
    The deposit for spread contracts will be similarly cut, to
150 stg for a one 10 tonne lot from 200 previously, he said.
    The ICCH had been looking at cocoa market fluctuations over
a period of weeks, he said, adding the market's basic stability
had warranted a cut in deposit rates.
    The decision to cut deposits was taken by the ICCH after
consultation with the London Cocoa Terminal Market, the
spokesman said.
    The cuts were likely to attract more business to the
market, he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15653>
Brazilian cocoa exporters are not
likely to follow the example of Cocoa Producers Alliance, CPA,
members, who may limit sales of the product in an effort to
boost world prices, trade sources said.
    They said a similar procedure was taken in the past in
Brazil and that it did not work out according to plans.
    "The cocoa market is completely free. Unlike coffee, which
is controlled through export registrations, cocoa exporters in
Brazil operate at their own free will," a trade source said.
    The traders were responding to questions whether they would
follow the example of CPA members meeting in Yaounde.
    The sources said the Banco do Brasil's Foreign Trade
Department, CACEX, never interferes in the cocoa market by
rejecting sales that do not meet certain price or shipment
criteria.
    "The position of local producers is always to negotiate as
they please. If they buy for ten and sell for eleven and think
it's a good deal, they are free to go ahead," one source added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16098>
The West German cocoa grind rose 2.9
pct to 55,190 tonnes in the first quarter of 1987 from 53,643
tonnes in the same quarter of of 1986, the Bonn-based
Confectionery Industry Association said in a statement.
 REUTER TAW
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16148>
West German first quarter cocoa
grindings, which rose 2.9 pct from the same 1986 quarter, were
within expectations, trade sources said.
    They described the results, announced Saturday, as normal
and unspectacular, considering that the grind in the fourth
quarter was rather high and some was carried over into the
first quarter.
    Grindings rose to 55,190 tonnes from 53,643 in the first
1986 quarter. A spokesman for the Confectionery Industry
Association said that West German grindings are expected to
stay relatively high in comparison to other West European
countries.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17499>
Dutch cocoa processors are unhappy with
the intermittent buying activities of the International Cocoa
Organization's buffer stock manager, industry sources told
Reuters.
    "The way he is operating at the moment is doing almost
nothing to support the market. In fact he could be said to be
actively depressing it," one company spokesman said.
    Including the 3,000 tonnes he acquired on Friday, the total
amount of cocoa bought by the buffer stock manager since he
recently began support operations totals 21,000 tonnes.
    Despite this buying, the price of cocoa is well under the
1,600 Special Drawing Rights, SDRs, a tonne level below which
the bsm is obliged to buy cocoa off the market.
    "Even before he started operations, traders estimated the
manager would need to buy at least up to his 75,000 tonnes
maximum before prices moved up to or above the 1,600 SDR level,
and yet he appears reluctant to do so," one manufacturer said.
    "We all hoped the manager would move into the market to buy
up to 75,000 tonnes in a fairly short period, and then simply
step back," he added.
    "The way the manager is only nibbling at the edge of the
market at the moment is actually depressing sentiment and the
market because everyone is holding back from both buying and
selling waiting to see what the manager will do next," one
processor said.
    "As long as his buying tactics remain the same the market is
likely to stay in the doldrums, and I see no indication he is
about to alter his methods," he added.
    Processors and chocolate manufacturers said consumer prices
for cocoa products were unlikely to be affected by buffer stock
buying for some time to come.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17568>
Brazil is not selling cocoa beans
to the International Cocoa Organization, ICCO, buffer stock, as
spot prices for beans in the interior area are 20 to 25 pct
higher than levels which would be paid by the ICCO buffer stock
manager, trade sources in the major producing state Bahia said.
    The scarcity of beans because of the effects of drought on
the current temporao harvest has pushed prices well above
international levels, the sources noted.
    The only buyers are bean exporters or local processors
covering previously contracted commitments, they added.
    If sales were made they would be executed by individual
exporting companies which are members of the Brazilian Cocoa
Trade Commission, they said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17664>
France is to provide Togo with 475 mln cfa
francs of aid for a range of projects that include development
of the coffee and cocoa industries and reafforestation in the
south of the country, official sources said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17707>
Traders recently returned from West Africa
say some producers there are dismayed by the ineffective action
so far by the International Cocoa Organization (ICCO) buffer
stock manager on buffer stock purchases.
    One trader said some West African producers are annoyed the
Buffer Stock manager is not playing his part as required by the
International Cocoa Pact to stabilise prices from current lows.
    So far, only 21,000 tonnes of second hand cocoa have been
taken up for buffer stock purposes and this, traders noted,
only on an intermittent basis.
    They noted the purchases, of 8,000 tonnes in the first week
he bought and 13,000 in the second, are well short of the
limitations of no more than 5,000 tonnes in one day and 20,000
in one week which the cocoa agreement places on him.
    The traders recently returned from West Africa say
producers there are unhappy about the impact on cocoa prices so
far, noting producing countries are part of the international
cocoa pact and deserve the same treatment as consumers.
    London traders say terminal market prices would have to
gain around 300 stg a tonne to take the ICCO 10-day average
indicator to its 1,935 sdr per tonne midway point (or reference
price).
    However, little progress has been made in that direction,
and the 10-day average is still well below the 1,600 sdr lower
intervention level at 1,562.87 from 1,569.46 previously.
    The buffer stock manager may announce today he will be
making purchases tomorrow, although under the rules of the
agreement such action is not automatic, traders said.
    Complaints about the inaction of the buffer stock manager
are not confined to West African producers, they observed.
    A Reuter report from Rotterdam quoted industry sources
there saying Dutch cocoa processors also are unhappy with the
intermittent buffer stock buying activities.
    In London, traders expressed surprise that no more than
21,000 tonnes cocoa has been bought so far against total
potential purchases under the new agreement of 150,000 tonnes.
Carryover holdings from the previous International Cocoa
Agreement in the stock total 100,000 tonnes.
    Terminal prices today rose by up to 10 stg a tonne from
Friday's close, basis July at its high of 1,271.
    It seems that when the buffer stock manager is absent from
the market, prices go up, while when he declares his intention
to buy, quite often the reverse applies, traders said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17984>
W.R. Grace and Co said it has agreed to
combine its cocoa processing businesses with those of S. and W.
Berisford PLC.
    It said the joint venture, to be 68.4 pct owned by Grace
and 31.6 pct by Berisford, would have annual sales in 1987 of
over 700 mln dlrs.
    Grace said the transaction involves the combination of its
cocoa products division and two Berisford cocoa processing
units, which would be operated under Grace management.
    The company said Berisford would contribute its Dutch and
West German cocoa subsidiaries and issue new ordinary shares to
Grace in connection with the transaction.  It said closing is
expected by early fall, subject to regulatory approvals.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18014>
The International Cocoa Organization
(ICCO) buffer stock manager bought 5,000 tonnes of cocoa today
for the buffer stock, traders said.
    The cocoa is believed to have been entirely made up of
second hand material, they added.
    Such a purchase would bring cumulative buffer stock
purchases to 26,000 tonnes.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18222>
The buffer stock manager of the
International Cocoa Organization (ICCO) will tender for about
3,000 tonnes of cocoa beans Wednesday, June 3, the ICCO said in
a statement.
    It said all other conditions remain unchanged from the
previous announcement.
    These conditions are that offers from registered companies
should be in pounds sterling for cocoa beans for which standard
differentials have been set in the ICCO's buffer stock rules,
and can be for cocoa afloat through to December shipment and
spot to December arrival/delivery.
    The basis position will be afloat, May/July shipment or
June arrival/delivery. For later positions the appropriate
carrying costs will be taken into account.
    The deadline for the receipt of offers by the manager shall
be 1330 hrs london time (1230 gmt) in the case of offers
emanating from the secondhand market and 1400 hours in the case
of offers emanating from the origins.
    The competitiveness of offers will be assessed by taking
into account the standard differentials, the cost of taking
cocoa into store (currently 23.00 pounds sterling from "cif
landed" and 38.00 pounds sterling from "cif shipping weights"
to "in store") and the cost of carry which currently is 12.00
pounds sterling per month, the ICCO said.
    No more than four offers will be considered from each
offering party, it added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19500>
Japan will ratify the 1986 International
Cocoa Agreement (ICCA), with effect from July 1, and will renew
its membership in the International Cocoa Organisation (ICCO),
Foreign Affairs Ministry officials said.
    They said Japan would participate in an ICCO meeting on
July 13 in London to revise ICCO buffer stock policy.
    The 1986 ICCA has been in effect since January 1987.
    Government approval to participate in the ICCO was delayed
by parliamentary debate over the sales tax issue, the officials
said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19570>
Ivory Coast rainfall this season has
been less than in previous years, but 1986/87 cocoa and coffee
production has not suffered, the official Ivorian daily
Fraternite Matin reported.
    The newspaper did not speculate on whether recent dry
conditions seriously threatened the main 1987/88 cocoa crop.
Trade sources said the weather up to now could be irrelevant if
there is good rainfall in coming weeks.
    Precipitation during the present campaign has been lowest
in northern savannah regions, where the cotton crop has
especially benefitted from the dry weather, Fraternite Matin
said.
    Agriculture Minister Denis Bra Kanon said earlier this
month 1986/87 cotton output would be a record 213,506 tonnes,
compared with 190,000 tonnes in 1985/86.
    Fraternite Matin said the mainstays of Ivorian agriculture
had been little affected by the dry weather. Coffee does not
need very much water to survive and only old cocoa plants have
been affected in some regions, it added.
    London-based dealer Gill and Duffus recently forecast
1986/87 Ivory Coast cocoa output at a record 590,000 tonnes,
which compares with 585,000 estimated for 1985/86. It described
early development of the new main crop as patchy.
    The U.S. Agriculture Department (USDA) earlier this year
forecast a drop in 1986/87 coffee production in the Ivory Coast
due to drought in the western part of the country. It estimated
the crop at 3.84 mln bags compared with the previous year's
4.33 mln bag harvest.
    Ivorian officials have only described this year's coffee
crop as "normal."
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20005>
Asian cocoa producers are expanding
output despite depressed world prices and they dismiss
suggestions in the London market that their cocoa is inferior.
    "Leading cocoa producers are trying to protect their market
from our product," said a spokesman for Indonesia's directorate
general of plantations. "We're happy about our long-term future."
    Malaysian growers said they would try to expand sales in
Asia and the United States if Malaysian cocoa was not suitable
for European tastes.
    They were responding to comments by London traders that
large tonnages of unwanted cocoa beans from Malaysia, Indonesia
and Papua New Guinea (PNG) were helping to depress cocoa
prices.
    London traders said the Asian cocoa was considered
unsuitable for western palates because of an acrid odour and a
high level of free fatty acids.
    Ng Siew Kee, the chairman of Malaysia's Cocoa Growers'
Council, said Malaysia should expand its sales to Asia and the
United States if it did not produce a type suitable for Western
Europe.
    A spokesman for the PNG Cocoa Industry Board said the
London market was mistaken if it linked PNG cocoa with
high-acid Malaysian and Indonesian beans.
    "When the market is declining, buyers seize on anything to
talk down prices," the spokesman said.
    He said that PNG could sell whatever cocoa it produces.
    PNG exported 33,000 tonnes of cocoa in the 1986/87 cocoa
year ending September 30, of which nearly 50 pct was exported
to West Germany, 16 pct to the U.S. And the rest to the
Netherlands and Britain.
    The Indonesia spokesman, an Agriculture Ministry official
who wished not to be identified, said Indonesia had no problem
with quality and would continue to expand sales. He described
criticism of the quality of Indonesian beans as "trade politics"
and said Jakarta's traditional links with Dutch buyers meant it
did not have any difficulty with exports.
    Indonesia and Malaysia, Asia's two biggest commodity
producers, are expanding cocoa output and are both outside the
International Cocoa Organization (ICCO).
    Officials have said Malaysian production is expected to
total 150,000 to 155,000 tonnes in calendar 1987.
    This is up from 131,000 tonnes in 1986, partly because of
the end of a three-year drought in Sabah, the country's largest
cocoa growing area.
    Production of Indonesian cocoa beans tripled to 31,600
tonnes in calendar 1986 from 10,284 tonnes in 1980. Output is
projected to rise to 50,000 tonnes in 1988 from 38,000 tonnes
this year as young trees mature.
    Both Malaysia and Indonesia are low cost producers and
traders said they could last out low prices longer than West
African countries.
    According to one Kuala Lumpur trader, world prices would
have to fall another 1,000 ringgit per tonne (about 250 stg) to
make cocoa production in Malaysia uneconomic.
    Some traders believe the main quality problem is with
harvesting and fermentation techniques.
    One trader said Malaysian cocoa is virtually
indistinguishable from West African output if treated in the
same way but this is not possible on the larger Malaysian
estates.
 REUTER
</BODY>
