<BODY DOCID=14840>
The Indonesian Commodity Exchange is
likely to start trading in at least one new commodity, and
possibly two, during calendar 1987, exchange chairman Paian
Nainggolan said.
    He told Reuters in a telephone interview that trading in
palm oil, sawn timber, pepper or tobacco was being considered.
    Trading in either crude palm oil (CPO) or refined palm oil
may also be introduced. But he said the question was still
being considered by Trade Minister Rachmat Saleh and no
decision on when to go ahead had been made.
    The fledgling exchange currently trades coffee and rubber
physicals on an open outcry system four days a week.
    "Several factors make us move cautiously," Nainggolan said.
"We want to move slowly and safely so that we do not make a
mistake and undermine confidence in the exchange."
    Physical rubber trading was launched in 1985, with coffee
added in January 1986. Rubber contracts are traded FOB, up to
five months forward. Robusta coffee grades four and five are
traded for prompt delivery and up to five months forward,
exchange officials said.
    The trade ministry and exchange board are considering the
introduction of futures trading later for rubber, but one
official said a feasibility study was needed first. No
decisions are likely until after Indonesia's elections on April
23, traders said.
    Trade Minister Saleh said on Monday that Indonesia, as the
world's second largest producer of natural rubber, should
expand its rubber marketing effort and he hoped development of
the exchange would help this.
    Nainggolan said that the exchange was trying to boost
overseas interest by building up contacts with end-users.
    He said teams had already been to South Korea and Taiwan to
encourage direct use of the exchange, while a delegation would
also visit Europe, Mexico and some Latin American states to
encourage participation.
    Officials say the infant exchange has made a good start
although trading in coffee has been disappointing.
    Transactions in rubber between the start of trading in
April 1985 and December 1986 totalled 9,595 tonnes, worth 6.9
mln dlrs FOB, plus 184.3 mln rupiah for rubber delivered
locally, the latest exchange report said.
     Trading in coffee in calendar 1986 amounted to only 1,905
tonnes in 381 lots, valued at 6.87 billion rupiah.
     Total membership of the exchange is now nine brokers and
44 traders.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15198>
A Colombia government trade official has
urged the business community to aggressively diversify its
activities and stop relying so heavily on coffee.
    Samuel Alberto Yohai, director of the Foreign Trade
Institute, INCOMEX, said private businessmen should not become
what he called "mental hostages" to coffee, traditionally
Colombia's major export.
    The National Planning Department forecast that in 1987
coffee will account for only one-third of total exports, or
about 1.5 billion dlrs, with oil and energy products making up
another third and non-traditional exports the remainder.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15329>
International coffee prices could drop to
between 70 and 80 cents a lb by next October if no agreement is
reached to support the market, Jorge Cardenas, manager of
Colombia's National Coffee Growers' Federation said.
    Speaking at a forum for industrialists, he said one of the
reasons was that the market was already saturated and that
producers will have excess production and stockpiles of 39 mln
(60-kg) bags in 1987.
    Today, May futures in New York settled at 107.90 cents a
lb.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15357>
Colombia's coffee export registrations
remain open and there are no plans to close them since a new
marketing policy means an unlimited amount can be registered,
Gilberto Arango, president of the private exporters'
association said.
    "The philosophy of the new policy is not to close
registrations. Nobody so far said may would be closed," he told
Reuters.
    On March 13, Colombia opened registrations for April and
May for an unlimited amount.
    Without giving breakdowns, Arango said private exporters
had registered 1,322,804 bags this calendar year up to April 6,
or roughly 440,000 bags per month, slightly lower than the
average in recent years.
    He estimated the amount of bags registered by the national
coffee growers' federation at about the same, meaning a total
of about 900,000 bags registered and sold per month by
Colombia.
    "The only change that could happen is, because of the
volume, we would be told that from such a date, registrations
would be for June shipment, etc" Arango said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15540>
THE FOLLOWING RAINFALL WAS RECORDED IN
THE AREAS OVER THE PAST 24 HOURS
    PARANA STATE: UMUARAMA NIL, PARANAVAI NIL, LONDRINA NIL,
MARINGA NIL.
    SAO PAULO STATE PRESIDENTE PRUDENTE NIL, VOTUPORANGA NIL,
FRANCA NIL, CATANDUVA NIL, SAO CARLOS NIL, SAO SIMAO NIL.
    MINAS GERAIS STATE: GUAXUPE NIL, TRES PONTAS NIL. REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15584>
Prices were lower at this week's coffee
auction for all grades and qualities except better quality AB
grades, which held steady, the Coffee Board of Kenya said.
    The board said it offered 35,000 bags and sold 32,876.
    So far this coffee year, Kenya has sold 918,707 bags to all
markets, of which 326,182 are for the 1986/7 pool, with an
overall average price of 41,500 shillings a tonne, it added.
    The board will offer 35,000 bags at its next auction on
April 14.
          BAGS                PRICE PER 50 KG
      OFFERED SOLD        AVERAGE
 PB      430   430   2304.78 (2267.21)
 AA     7289  6834   2292.92 (2358.96)
 AB    12664 11895   2289.99 (2291.13)
 C      3198  2867   2073.15 (2107.64)
 T       876   876   1508.79 (1510.67)
 TT     1375  1375   2053.25 (2095.64)
 E       159   159   2250.19 (2252.18)
 MISC   9009  8440   1409.50 (1398.60)
 TOTAL 35000 32876     AVERAGE FOR SALE      2014.93 (1994.94)
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15725>
The value of colombian exports other than
coffee rose 55 pct in january compared with the same period
last year, apparently setting a trend for the trade balance in
1987, government statistics institute figures show.
    They amounted to 180.8 mln dlrs fob compared with 147.5 mln
dlrs for coffee, a drop of 42 pct from last year.
    The trade balance registered a 35 mln dlr surplus, compared
with a 56 mln dlr surplus in january 1986.
    The national planning department forecast that in 1987
coffee, colombia's traditional major export, will account for
only one-third of total exports, or about 1.5 billion dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15737>
Colombian exports other than coffee rose
55 pct in January compared with the same period last year,
figures from the government statistics institute show.
    Non-coffee exports amounted to 180.8 mln dlrs fob compared
with 147.5 mln dlrs for coffee, a drop of 42 pct from last
year.
    The trade balance registered a 35 mln dlr surplus, compared
with a 56 mln dlr surplus in January 1986.
    The national planning department forecast that in 1987
coffee, Colombia's traditional major export, will account for
only one third of total exports, or about 1.5 billion dlrs.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16097>
Uganda's Coffee Marketing Board (CMB)
has stopped offering coffee on the international market because
it is unhappy with current prices, coffee trade sources said.
    The board suspended offerings last week but because of its
urgent need for cash it was not immediately clear how long it
could sustain, the sources added.
    Hundreds of Ugandan coffee farmers and processors have been
waiting several months for payment from the CMB, which has had
trouble finding enough railway wagons to move the coffee to the
Kenyan port of Mombasa.
    Foreign banks have contributed to the cash crisis by
holding up remittance of Uganda's hard currency earnings from
coffee exports, the government newspaper New Vision said.
    The banks are holding up to seven mln dlrs in coffee money
and President Yoweri Museveni is thinking of imposing a penalty
for such delays, it added.
    Banking sources said a third factor in the crisis was that
commercial banks have lent the board only 77 billion shillings
-- the equivalent of 55 mln dlrs -- for crop finance in the
current coffee year, while the government had asked for 100
billion.
    The CMB has 455,000 60-kg bags of coffee, about 15 pct of
annual production, stockpiled in Kampala awaiting shipment.
    The crop accounts for over 90 pct of Uganda's export
earnings and the recent slide in prices to four-year lows is
likely to more than offset an expected increase in production.
    CMB officials have forecast that because the government has
restored law and order in important growing areas, Uganda will
produce over three mln bags of coffee in the year ending
September 30, about 25 pct more than in 1985/6.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16115>
U.S. roastings of green coffee in the
week ended April 4 were about 275,000 (60-kilo) bags, including
that used for soluble production, compared with 215,000 bags in
the corresponding week of last year and about 320,000 bags in
the week ended March 28, George Gordon Paton and Co Inc
reported.
    It said cumulative roastings for calendar 1987 now total
4,440,000 bags, compared with 4,540,000 bags by this time last
year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16279>
Colombia has opened coffee
registrations for June shipment with no limit set for private
exporters, as in April and May, a National Coffee Growers'
Federation official said.
    Colombia has sold an average of 900,000 bags per month
since the beginning of the calendar year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17038>
A large group of "other milds"
coffee-growing nations will hold talks in Guatemala next month
to map their strategy for next September's meeting of the
International Coffee Organisation (ICO).
    Mario Fernandez, executive director of the Costa Rican
coffee institute, said delegates from Mexico, the Dominican
Republic, Peru, Ecuador, India, Papua New Guinea and five
central american nations will participate in the two-day
strategy session beginning May 4.
    The main topic will be reform of what many producing
countries perceive as the ICO's unfair distribution of export
quotas, Fernandez said.
    He said Costa Rica would press for quotas "based on the
real production and export potential of each country in the
past few years" and to distribute quotas based on "historic"
production levels rather than recent harvests and crop
estimates.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17664>
France is to provide Togo with 475 mln cfa
francs of aid for a range of projects that include development
of the coffee and cocoa industries and reafforestation in the
south of the country, official sources said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18323>
Mexico has no intention of leaving
the International Coffee Organization (ICO), in the event of
Brazil withdrawing from the group, the Mexican Coffee Institute
(IMC) said.
    The IMC said in a statement the ICO is an important
instrument for ensuring producers obtain an adequate price.
Mexico currently produces around five mln 60-kilo bags of
coffee per year.
    Brazil said during a meeting of coffee producers in Rio de
Janeiro over the weekend that it would consider leaving the ICO
if its export quota was reduced by the organization.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18604>
European coffee traders and roasters
may propose a new formula for calculating International Coffee
Organization (ICO) coffee quotas at the end of their meeting
here this week, traders and officials told Reuters.
    Although traders were unwilling to reveal details of the
possible new formula, they said it would give Brazil, the
world's biggest coffee producer, unchanged ICO quotas for the
next two years and could be a basis for renegotiation.
    "The main sticking point on quotas has been Brazil's
attitude, and this compromise could be a solution, " one said.
    However, the European coffee trade federation meeting,
which began here today and is to continue to the end of the
week, has revealed gaps in the European position on
re-introducing quotas.
    Traders said that, as a whole, the trade side was against
re-introduction of ICO quotas, while roasters were generally in
favour with the single proviso that there had to be some
formula basis for re-allocating quota shares among producing
countries.
    The roasters said the positions were generally fairly
close, and problems with some Government officials.
    Germany and Italy were cited as the extremes of polarized
Government attitudes, with most other countries on the fence.
    Sources said Germany was the most extreme against quota
re-introduction, while the Italians were most in favour.
    "Nevertheless, we expect to find enough common ground by the
end of the week to at least present a common European Community
(EC) view at the next meeting of consumer members of the
International Coffee Agreement (ICA) in July," one trader said.
    "We hope we can present the compromise proposal and that not
only the consumer side, but the producer side will accept it,"
one official said.
    "We have learned that we can live without the quotas that
were suspended in February last year, but would prefer the
stability they can bring to the market as long as we do not
simply return to the old and outdated status quo as far as
quota allocation is concerned," he added.
    Overall, however, trader and roaster opinion on the
likelihood of a successful re-negotiation was mildly
pessimistic, varying between a 50-50 chance and 60-40 against.
    "Our main difficulty will be to persuade the U.S. On the
consumer side and Brazil on the producer side to agree to quota
re-introduction, " he said.
    "The U.S. Position has, if anything, hardened, while the new
Brazilian Coffee Institute president has adopted the least
negotiable position of any of his predecessors," one trader
said.
    "However, with many producers starting to swing in favour of
the consumer position that quotas have to be re-allocated under
a new formula, Brazil is becoming increasingly isolated, which
gives at least some hope of a compromise at the ICO quota
meeting in September," the official said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18860>
The Brazilian Coffee Institute,
IBC, gave details of its plans to pay the 18 companies that
bought 630,000 bags of robusta coffee in the London market on
its behalf last September.
    An IBC spokesman told Reuters that a 15 mln dlr loan from
the Banco do Brasil would be used to pay five mln dlrs a month
in June, July and August to creditors.
    He said an auction of coffee would raise additional money
and added that a Reuter report on June 16 gave the wrong
impression that the auction was necessary to raise part of the
15 mln dlrs. No date has yet been set for the auction.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19318>
European coffee roasters and traders
have agreed to propose a new formula for calculating
International Coffee Organization, ICO, quotas, Dutch Coffee
Trade Association chairman chairman Frits van Horick said.
    Van Horick, who is a council member of the European Coffee
Federation, was speaking at the end of the ECF annual meeting.
    The new formula is based on six-year moving averages and
would give Brazil, the world's biggest coffee producer, an
unchanged quota for the remaining two years of the current
coffee agreement, van Horick said.
    If accepted by the consumer and producer members of the
ICO, the formula could also be a basis for negotiating a new
agreement, van Horick said.
    Coffee quotas were suspended in February last year when
prices shot up on fears of a drought-induced crop disaster in
Brazil.
    Although prices are now considerably lower, consumers and
producers have been unable to agree on re-introduction.
    "Brazil has been the most strongly against any change in the
formula because it feared a lower quota. But our proposal
leaves it very little to object to," van Horick said.
    "The existing quota system is far too rigid and does not
reflect supply and demand reality," he said. "Our formula
builds flexibility into the system and will benefit almost
everyone."
    Although full implications of the new formula have still to
be worked out, initial estimates suggest countries such as
Colombia, Kenya, Indonesia and Costa Rica would get slightly
higher quotas, while others such as the Ivory Coast, El
Salvador and Nicaragua would lose quota share, van Horick said.
    Because the proposal provides that future quota
distribution must reflect current demand and actual supply, it
should also prevent under-shipment of quota as countries doing
so would automatically prejudice their following year's quota.
    "If the ICO consumers accept our proposal it stands at least
a fair chance of being accepted by the producers at the
September meeting, most of whom are generally in favour of a
new quota formula, " van Horick said.
    At the same time much will depend on Brazil's attitude.
    "Brazil is increasingly isolated on the producer side. If
there is no frost damage to its coffee crop over the next two
months and most other producers favour our proposal, we might
just get an agreement," van Horick added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19387>
A U.S. government trade official
responsible for coffee policy said prospects for an accord on
coffee quotas are still uncertain despite recent Colombian
efforts to bridge differences between producers and consumers.
    Jon Rosenbaum, an assistant U.S. trade representative just
back from trade talks in Colombia, said most producing
countries now accept some sort of standardized criteria must be
agreed to reintroduce coffee quotas.
    "There is one country which evidently still does not,"
Rosenbaum said in an obvious reference to Brazil, which has
been negative recently on a reintroduction of quotas.
    Rosenbaum said because of the stance of Brazil the outlook
for an agreement to reintroduce coffee quotas at the September
International Coffee Organization meeting is hard to predict.
    He said that during the visit to Bogota he held technical
discussions with Colombian officials.
    While he did not meet with Jorge Cardenas, head of the
Colombian coffee producers federation, who was in Europe,
Cardenas left a "positive letter," Rosenbaum said.
    The Cardenas letter responded to a U.S. letter last month
which praised Colombia for trying to find a compromise formula
for the reintroduction of quotas, but outlined several concerns
with the technical details of the Colombian plan.
    Rosenbaum could not be reached later in the day for comment
on a new formula for calculating ICO quotas agreed to by
European coffee roasters and traders.
    Dutch coffee trade association chairman Frits van Horick
said in Amsterdam the new formula is based on six year moving
averages and would give Brazil an unchanged export quota for
the remaining to years of the current coffee agreement.
    The U.S. has said it will not agree to any coffee quotas
unless "objective criteria" which reflect recent changes in the
coffee market are used to set export limits.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19480>
Brazil's coffee exports could amount to
19 mln bags this year, because of the excellent crop estimate
of 35.2 mln bags, an IBC spokesman said.
    He said exports could surpass the average annual 18 mln
bags mark, especially if the final harvest to be conducted in
October and November confirms the crop at over 35 mln bags.
    He said the average limit of errors for the official crop
harvest could be set at five pct above or below the first
estimates officially published today.
    He said the IBC agreed with a request by producers for the
Institute to ask the government for a monthly indexation of the
guarantee minimum price.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19570>
Ivory Coast rainfall this season has
been less than in previous years, but 1986/87 cocoa and coffee
production has not suffered, the official Ivorian daily
Fraternite Matin reported.
    The newspaper did not speculate on whether recent dry
conditions seriously threatened the main 1987/88 cocoa crop.
Trade sources said the weather up to now could be irrelevant if
there is good rainfall in coming weeks.
    Precipitation during the present campaign has been lowest
in northern savannah regions, where the cotton crop has
especially benefitted from the dry weather, Fraternite Matin
said.
    Agriculture Minister Denis Bra Kanon said earlier this
month 1986/87 cotton output would be a record 213,506 tonnes,
compared with 190,000 tonnes in 1985/86.
    Fraternite Matin said the mainstays of Ivorian agriculture
had been little affected by the dry weather. Coffee does not
need very much water to survive and only old cocoa plants have
been affected in some regions, it added.
    London-based dealer Gill and Duffus recently forecast
1986/87 Ivory Coast cocoa output at a record 590,000 tonnes,
which compares with 585,000 estimated for 1985/86. It described
early development of the new main crop as patchy.
    The U.S. Agriculture Department (USDA) earlier this year
forecast a drop in 1986/87 coffee production in the Ivory Coast
due to drought in the western part of the country. It estimated
the crop at 3.84 mln bags compared with the previous year's
4.33 mln bag harvest.
    Ivorian officials have only described this year's coffee
crop as "normal."
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19672>
The Reserve Bank of India, RBI,
announced new rules to allow exporters of 25 products to use
foreign exchange up to 10 pct of their firm's total annual
export earnings for export promotion abroad.
    The move is designed by the government to improve India's
trade deficit.
    Products eligible for the new Blanket Exchange Permit
Scheme include tea bags, cigarettes, coffee, leather, various
textiles, chemicals, pharmaceuticals, plastics, engineering and
electronic goods, ready-made garments, processed food, sports
goods, fabricated mica and consultancy services.
    The scheme replaces current rules which allow different
amounts of foreign exchange to be used only when firms attain a
minimum annual turnover prescribed for each product.
    RBI said under the new rule, 16 other products will
qualify, on a discretionary basis, for overseas promotional
spending of not more than two pct of the freight-on-board value
of annual export earnings.
    These include oil cakes, cereals, raw cotton, raw and
semi-processed leather, gems, castor and sandalwood oil,
psyllium husks and seeds, opium and various mineral ores.
    RBI said exporters of products not covered by either of the
two groups will be eligible to use up to five pct of their
freight-on-board value of their annual export earnings.
    Industry sources said the new entitlements, considerably
higher than the previous limits, are also more flexible because
holders of new permits no longer need to frequently apply to
RBI for release of foreign exchange for export purposes.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19807>
Consumer countries should not
intervene in the distribution of coffee export quotas,
Brazilian Coffee Institute president Jorio Dauster said.
    "Distribution of export quotas should be in the hands of
producers as has been traditional," Dauster, a delegate at the
recent coffee symposium here, told journalists. "When consumers
want to get involved, talks are much more difficult."
    The main consumer country the United States and main
producer Brazil failed to reach agreement on quota distribution
when the International Coffee Organisation (ICO) met in
February.
    Dauster said Brazil's role when the ICO meets in London in
September will be to support the world coffee pact, defend its
market share and argue for distribution of quotas to be in the
hands of producer countries.
    "We have sacrificed a great deal already," he said. "this year
we have a crop of 35 mln bags, we have economic problems and we
are not in a position to do favours."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20186>
A voluntary compliance system for
monitoring U.S. coffee imports under quotas is viewed
skeptically by many in the coffee industry, said analysts and
trade sources.
    "Many sectors of the trade, including large roasters and 
importers, are adamant against voluntary compliance because of
the past, which was subject to tremendous irregularities as it
became a matter of the trade monitoring each other," one
analyst said.
    On Monday, a National Coffee Association newsletter said
the Office of U.S. Trade Representative will implement a
voluntary compliance system temporarily because legislation to
monitor imports is tied up in the Congressional trade bill.
    Under the arrangement, milar to one in 1980, coffee
importers would voluntarily present needed documents to the
U.S. government until Congress approves the monitoring
authority, but if coffee arrives without valid certification,
it will still be allowed entry.
    While many believe producers will not seek to add to the
overburdened stock situation in the U.S., others believe some
will ship outside of the quota requirements in lieu of
monitoring controls, trade sources said.
    "Last time, there was a lot of false information submitted
to customs which resulted in a lot of indictments and fines," a
U.S. Customs spokesman said.
    "Customs can do a good job when given the tools, but when
its hands are tied, it doesn't have the authority to demand
Form O (documents tracking merchandise from source to
destination)," he said.
    Many see it as a true test of whether producers and
importers will abide by the quota system.
    "It is a key to seeing whether there are any teeth in the
quota agreement," said one major U.S. roaster.
     "Last time we had a gentleman's agreement, the trade did
not act as a gentleman," said another analyst adding, "without
the need to submit documents, the ball will be in the
producers' hands."
    Some feel that importers will take advantage of the
voluntary compliance due to development of a two-tier market,
in which non-member countries buy coffee at a big discount.
Many fear that dealers will buy coffee destined for non-member
countries at discounts and then bring it into the U.S. falsely
labelled.
    According to customs officials, several green coffee
importers confessed in 1985 that they had imported coffee
fraudulently after buying it for non-member destinations,
forging landing certificates and then relabelling it as navy
beans.
    "If there's that much of a discrepancy between prices for
one country and another, producers may be teted to get rid of
their stocks of coffee by selling to non-member nations and by
circumventing the quota provisions," said Paine Webber analyst
Bernie Savaiko.
    Still, others believe that producers will not be hard
pressed to aggravate the overburdened coffee stock situation in
the U.S. in the near term.
    "It would be naive to suggest that any agreement would not
have some share of connivance, but I think the voluntary system
seemed to suffice and, coupled with the fact that we have so
much coffee, I don't think that it poses that much of a
threat," one trader said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20382>
The Brazilian Coffee Institute
(IBC) has given shippers until close of business on Thursday to
submit details of past export performance in order that
individual quotas can be allocated, an IBC spokesman said.
    He told Reuters IBC President Jorio Dauster has confirmed
acceptance of National Coffee Policy Council (CNPC) proposals
to establish individual export quotas based 65 pct on export
performance, 25 pct on stocks and 10 pct by auction.
    Shippers can choose their best period of 12 consecutive
months between April 1, 1985, and September 30, 1987, to be
used for calculating the export performace portion.
    The IBC will total all the figures, calculate each shippers
participation and use this as a basis for allocation of
individual quotas, the IBC spokesman said.
    He said the IBC has already settled with the Sao Paulo
Mercantile Exchange how the auction system will operate.
Shippers can bid a premium over the contribution quota payable
on coffee exports and the succesful bidder will add this
premium to the contribution quota when he submits his export
sales declaration form.
    Auctions will not start until after the opening of export
registrations. The spokesman could not say when this might be
but trade sources said an announcement could come at the end of
the week, opening registraions from Monday.
    A meeting has been set for tomorrow in Brasilia of the
CNPC's export marketing committee to establish a system for
allocating the 25 pct of export quotas based on stock levels,
the spokesman added.
    A system of individual export quotas is being reestablished
in Brazil - a previous system was abandoned in 1985 - to ensure
shipments are kept in line with the country's ICO quota.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20465>
The International Coffee Organization
(ICO) Executive Board is to hold a meeting on November 3/4, its
first since export quotas were re-introduced early this month.
    An ICO spokesman said the session, for the first time under
the chairmanship of Bruno Caron of France, will review the
market situation and the operation of quotas.
    On November 5 the six exporters making up the ICO Board of
Management of the Promotion Fund will review its program for
the 1987/88 year (Oct/Sept) and items left over from 1986/87.
    On November 2 a six nation working group will consider
stock verification in Papua New Guinea.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21177>
Colombia has opened export registrations
for November coffee shipments, trade sources said. No further
details were available.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21567>
Uganda plans to export roasted coffee to
Europe by the end of 1988, a prominent local businessman said.
    A.R. Sendi said on Sunday that Uganda's Ministry of
Industry supports his plan to build a factory to roast, grind
and pack local coffee for export. Construction will start in
December and the factory should be ready by next October.
    He said the Marketing Ministry has authorised the Coffee
Marketing Board to supply his company &lt;Unipack> with 24,000
tonnes of beans a year for processing and export. Sendi also
told reporters he had negotiated a 69.7 mln French franc loan
from the Banque Industrielle d'Afrique Oriental in Paris.
    Uganda is the world's fifth largest coffee producer, and
expects to produce about 200,000 tonnes this year.
    Market sources say roasted coffee exports will benefit
Uganda's economy as they will not be included in the 2.38 mln
(60 kg) bag export quota assigned to the country under the
latest International Coffee Agreement.
    In addition, the value of roasted coffee should be
substantially higher than that of unroasted beans, they said.
    The U.S. Is the biggest buyer of Ugandan coffee, most of
which is used to produce instant coffee.
 REUTER
</BODY>
