<BODY DOCID=14852>
Bond Corp Holdings Ltd &lt;BONA.S> and Atlas
Consolidated Mining and Development Corp &lt;ATLC.MN> are still
holding talks on a bail-out package for the troubled mining
firm, an Atlas statement said.
    Atlas, the Philippines' biggest copper producer, said it
had been hit by depressed world copper prices. It reported a
net loss of 976.38 mln pesos in the year ending December 1986,
compared with a net loss of 1.53 billion in 1985.
    The company said it had been able to cut its losses because
its scaled-down copper operations in the central island of Cebu
started in the second half of 1986.
    Atlas said negotiations were continuing on the acquisition
by Bond of the company's existing bank loans and their
restructuring into a gold loan.
    A memorandum of understanding signed by the two sides in
October last year said Bond would acquire Atlas' total loans of
275 mln dlrs, to be repaid by the mining company in gold.
    Atlas said the two sides were also discussing equity
infusion into Atlas and the creation of a development fund for
further exploration and development of the company's gold
properties in the central province of Masbate.
    Wilson Banks, general manager of &lt;Bond Corp International
Ltd> in Hong Kong, told Reuters the Atlas statement on the
negotiations was "reasonably accurate."
    Banks said Bond Corp was seriously considering several
investments in the Philippines but did not give details.
    In its statement, Atlas said development of the pre-World
War Two underground mines in Masbate had been accelerated and
the ore tonnage had increased, extending the operation's life
at least until 1993.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15264>
&lt;Teck Corp> said it
was continuing talks about joining a joint copper venture at
Highland Valley, British Columbia, held by affiliates Cominco
Ltd &lt;CLT> and &lt;Lornex Mining Corp>, but did not know when
negotiations would be completed.
    Teck vice-president of administration John Guminski said in
reply to a query that the talks had been "ongoing for a long
time." He declined to speculate on the outcome.
    Cominco, 29.5 pct owned by a consortium led by Teck, is
optimistic that the talks will soon be concluded, spokesman Don
Townson told Reuters.
    "I think all partners are hopeful that the situation will be
resolved," Cominco's Townson said.
    "We're optimistic that they will be concluded shortly," he
added. Townson declined to specify when the talks might end.
    Cominco and Teck's 22 pct-owned Lornex agreed in January
1986 to form the joint venture, merging their Highland Valley
copper operations.
    Cominco and Lornex share equally in control and management
of the Highland Valley operations, while Cominco has a 55 pct
share of production and Lornex receives 45 pct.
    For the six months following July 1, 1986, when the venture
officially started production, Highland Valley had total ore
milled of 22.6 mln short tons, grading an average of 0.41 pct
copper, Townson said.
    Cominco's share of production was 43,000 short tons of
copper contained in concentrate, 1,200 short tons of Molybdenum
in concentrate, 340,000 ounces of silver and 800 ounces of
gold, he said.
    A consortium, 50 pct owned by Teck and 25 pct each by MIM
(Canada) Inc and Metallgesellschaft Canada Ltd, acquired its
Cominco stake last year from Canadian Pacific Ltd &lt;CP>.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15831>
Magma Copper Co, a subsidiary of
Newmont Mining Corp, said it is raising its copper cathode
price by 0.25 cent to 65.75 cents a lb, effective immediately.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15932>
&lt;Noranda Inc> said it began salvage
operations at its Murdochville, Quebec, mine, where a fire last
week killed one miner and caused 10 mln dlrs in damage.
     Another 56 miners were trapped underground for as long as
24 hours before they were brought to safety.
    Noranda said the cause and full extent of the damage is
still unknown but said it does know that the fire destroyed
6,000 feet of conveyor belt.
     Noranda said work crews have begun securing the ramp
leading into the zone where the fire was located. The company
said extreme heat from the fire caused severe rock degradation
along several ramps and drifts in the mine.
     Noranda estimated that the securing operation for the zone
will not be completed before the end of April.
    Noranda said the Quebec Health and Safety Commission, the
Quebec Provincial Police and Noranda itself are each conducting
an investigation into the fire.
    Production at the mine has been suspended until the
investigations are complete. The copper mine and smelter
produced 72,000 tons of copper anodes in 1986 and employs 680
people.
     The smelter continues to operate with available
concentrate from stockpiled supplies, Noranda said. Reuter
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15988>
Noranda Inc said it began salvage
operations at its Murdochville, Quebec mine where a fire last
week killed one miner and caused 10 mln dlrs in damage.
     Noranda said the cause and full extent of the damage is
still unknown but the fire destroyed 6,000 feet of conveyor
belt.
    The company said extreme heat from the fire caused severe
rock degradation along several ramps and drifts in the mine.
    Production at the mine has been suspended until
investigations are complete. The copper mine and smelter
produced 72,000 tons of copper anodes in 1986.
     The smelter continues to operate with available
concentrate from stockpiled supplies, Noranda said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16110>
The Electrolytic Refining and
Smelting Co of Australia Pty Ltd said it lowered its ex-works
Port Kembla Refinery Copper Price by 20 dlrs to 2,160 dlrs a
tonne, effective today.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16123>
China's state-owned Beijing Non-Ferrous
Metals Industrial Corp and &lt;Wrought Copper Ltd> of Chile signed
a contract to jointly build a copper tube plant on the
outskirts of Peking, the China Daily said.
    The Beijing-Santiago Copper Tube Co involves an investment
of 9.93 mln dlrs and will, on completion, have a production
capacity of 5,000 tonnes of copper tubes a year, it said.
    It said Chile will supply copper at preferential rates to
the venture, whose equipment comes from &lt;Wednesbury Tube Co> of
U.K.
    The agreement calls for joint Sino-Chilean management of
the venture for 15 years, the paper said.
    It said the venture is the first economic cooperation
project between China and Chile, but gave no more details.
    China is a major copper importer. Customs figures show it
imported 171,118 tonnes of copper and alloy in calendar 1986,
down from 355,652 tonnes in 1985.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17509>
The Zambian government today announced
minor price cuts for essential commodities as part of its new
economic strategy, while police and troops patrolled the
northern Copperbelt to prevent any outbreaks of rioting.
    However, staple foods, such as bread, sugar and maize meal,
were not affected by the cuts and many people said this could
provoke trouble from disgruntled elements who had expected more
sweeping reductions.
    Observers in the capital expressed disillusionment with the
small extent of the price cuts, which ranged up to 10 pct on
items such as blankets, soap, detergents and baby food.
    Residents in the Copperbelt contacted by telephone said
government forces had set up roadblocks around the main towns.
    In Lusaka, business went on as usual and there was no sign
of troops or police reinforcements on the streets.
    President Kaunda had ordered the price reductions to take
account of lower import costs following the revaluation of the
kwacha to a fixed rate of eight per dlr from 21 on May 1.
    The revaluation formed part of a new go-it-alone economic
strategy which Kaunda adopted to replace Zambia's IMF austerity
program.
    Labour leaders in the Copperbelt said last week gangs of
unemployed youths were being formed in the politically volatile
region to take action against shops that did not reduce their
prices after today's deadline. Fifteen people were killed in
the Copperbelt during food riots last December after the
government tried to lift maize subsidies.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17714>
The elimination of limits on daily price
fluctuations for metals futures contracts traded on the
Commodity Exchange, COMEX, appears to be having little effect
on the market, analysts said.
    "There is nothing apparent from the change," said William
O'Neill, director of futures research at Elders Futures Inc.
    "The market has not approached the old price limits and
trading is relative quiet, in narrow ranges," he said.
    On May 5, COMEX eliminated price limits on the two
contracts following each spot delivery in gold, silver, copper
and aluminum futures after a review of its clearing operations,
which were severely tested by a volatile market in silver
futures at the end of April. COMEX announced Friday the lifting
of all daily limits, effective today.
    Gold futures, which previously had a limit of 25 dlrs per
ounce in most back months, were about 7.00 dlrs weaker in the
nearby contracts amid thin volume conditions, traders said.
    Silver futures, previously limited at 50 cents in most back
months, were trading about 30-40 cts weaker in the nearby
contracts amid quiet trading today.
    During the last week of April, silver futures often traded
at the daily allowable limit amid concerns about inflation, the
dollar, and other factors. Traders rushed into the spot, or
unlimited, contract to offset those moves, analysts said.
    As a result, O'Neill said, there was much confusion, many
unmatched trades, and large losses for some traders.
    The COMEX fined four large firms a total of 100,000 dlrs
for failure to resolve unmatched trades in a timely manner.
    Paul Cain, a vice president at Shearson Lehman Brothers,
said the elimination of price limits will cut back on panic
buying or selling and contribute to more orderly markets.
    O'Neill added that the elimination of daily limits would
add caution to trading.
    "This is a more realistic approach because the metals
market is a 24 hours market and prices can move without limit,"
O'Neill said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18225>
Mueller Brass Co said that
effective with shipments today, it is adjusting the price of
all brass mill products, except free-cutting brass rod and
related alloys and copper water tube and related products, to
reflect contained copper values at 73 cents a pound, down two
cents.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18280>
Phelps Dodge Corp officials said good
fundamentals in copper markets should lead to improving prices
for the metal.
    In an interview with Reuters, chairman G. Robert Durham
said continued strong demand and low inventories pushed prices
up eight to nine pct on the New York Commodities Exchange last
month.
    "Our customers in this country are living off the tailgates
of our trucks," he said, referring to tightness of supply and
strong demand. "The fundamentals are good."
   
    Asked if metal prices will continue to rise, Durham said;
"All I know is, fundamentals cannot be ignored."
    He said copper supplies are lower than they have been for
almost 20 years. Last year, copper demand was second highest on
record behind 1984, he said.
    Phelps Dodge is the nation's largest copper company, with
annual production expected to reach 500,000 tons this year.
   
    During the interview, executive vice president Douglas
Yearley said he believed it was only a matter of time before
the copper price rose "because there aren't that many new
projects coming on, and demand, short of a major recession,
will continue to grow modestly."
    Copper for July delivery rose more than two cts a pound to
more than 69 cents in Comex trading today. A one cent a pound
rise in copper prices yields 10 mln dlrs in annual earnings for
Phelps Dodge, the company said.
    "Demand has been surprisingly good in 1987, in construction
and other areas," Yearley said.
   
    New production later this year from a Bingham, Utah, mine
owned by Kennecott Corp, a unit of British Petroleum Co PLC's
&lt;BP> Standard Oil Co, a mine in New Guinea and Phelps Dodge's
own expanded Morenci, Ariz., mine will be offset by production
shortfalls in Mexico and Zambia, he said.
    Durham said production costs at the New Mexico-located
Chino mine will be in line with conventional copper production
at the company's other mines by the fourth quarter. The
company's total production costs, including depreciation but
before interest and corporate expense, should be below 50 cts a
pound by late 1989 or 1990, he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18317>
Phelps Dodge Corp chairman G. Robert
Durham said the company is prepared to make another large
non-copper acquisition and that a deal could be struck in the
near future.
    In an interview with Reuters, Durham said the company was
examining potential candidates but not yet talking with any.
    He declined to name the companies but said a deal could
occur as soon as the second half of 1987.
   
    Phelps Dodge, which ranks as the largest copper producer in
the U.S., last year paid 240 mln dlrs for Columbian Chemicals
Co, a maker of carbon black which is used in rubber and tires
among other products.
    The purchase was part of a strategic plan to diversify and
eventually match earnings from non-copper operations and copper
operations.
    Phelps Dodge could spend between 250 mln and 500 mln dlrs
to buy another non-copper company, Durham said, citing about
100 mln dlrs of cash and 580 mln dlrs of untapped bank credit.
   
    Any acquisition candidate would have to have a different
economic cycle than copper, substantial earnings and good
management, he said. Phelps Dodge would only want a friendly
deal, he added.
    "We're not talking high-tech, or financial services or
about a perfume company," he said. "We want a good basic
industrial company that will fit into our management
structure," Durham said.
   
    During the interview, Durham and other executives also said
continued strong demand and tight copper supply should lead to
higher prices for the metal.
    "In my view, it's not a matter of if but when the price
(for copper) will improve because there aren't that many new
projects coming on, and demand, short of a major recession,
will continue to grow modestly," said executive vice president
Douglas Yearley. Phelps Dodge continues to lower its cost of
producing copper, the executives said. Costs should be below 50
cents a pound, after depreciation but before interest and
corporate expense, by 1989 or 1990.
    Production costs are about 56 to 57 cents a pound now
compared to one dlr a pound in 1981, some Wall St analysts
said.
    Durham said copper supplies are lower than they have been
for almost 20 years and demand continued to be strong.
    He declined to project results for the second quarter or
year. But he said the quarter was going well and the rise in
copper prices in the last month will help results.
    Durham said last month that the second quarter should match
the first quarter when earnings rose about 11 pct to 16.8 mln
dlrs or 49 cts a share.
    First quarter sales rose 61.5 pct to 372.9 mln dlrs,
reflecting the acquisition of Columbian Chemicals and increased
copper shipments from the Chino copper mine in New Mexico, also
acquired last year.
    Analysts are projecting 1987 earnings of 2.20 dlrs to 2.75
dlrs a share, up sharply from 1.79 dlrs in 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18339>
Phelps Dodge Corp is prepared to make
another large non-copper acquisition and a deal could be struck
in the near future, chairman G. Robert Durham said.
    Durham told Reuters the company was examining potential
candidates but not yet talking with any. Any acquisition must
have a different economic cycle to copper, he said.
    Phelps Dodge, the largest U.S. copper producer, last year
paid 240 mln dlrs for Columbian Chemicals Co which makes carbon
black used in rubber and tires. The purchase was part of a
strategic plan to diversify and then match earnings between
copper and non-copper operations.
    The company could spend between 250 mln and 500 mln dlrs to
buy another non-copper firm, Durham said, citing 100 mln dlrs
of cash and 580 mln dlrs of untapped bank credit.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18849>
Zambia's copper mining industry is hoping
to achieve and maintain production at over 500,000 tonnes a
year in the next few years despite low world prices,
deteriorating ores and shortages of mine inputs, industry
officials said.
    But Zambia's decision to abandon last May 1 a tough
International Monetary Fund (IMF) economic recovery program has
introduced an element of uncertainty into plans to restructure
the ailing industry and boost profitability, they said.
    Copper production by the government-controlled Zambia
Consolidated Copper Mines (ZCCM) for the 1987 financial year
ended March 31 improved slightly to about 471,000 tonnes from a
record 1986 low of 463,354 tonnes.
    "We are convinced that by the end of the 1988 financial
year, copper production could well be over 500,000 tonnes due
to greater availability of spares and equipment," a ZCCM
official said.
    ZCCM officials said the production of cobalt, another
strategic income earner, will also be tailored to meet demand.
    Finished production in 1986 was 4,565 tonnes, 911 tonnes
higher than the previous year and the best production achieved
to date.
    Protracted low world metal prices have badly hit the copper
industry in Zambia, the world's fifth biggest producer. Mining
is monopolised by ZCCM and accounts for about 90 pct of the
country's foreign exchange earnings.
    Production has also been seriously affected in recent years
by equipment breakdowns, deteriorating ore and shortages of
spare parts, fuel and lubricants. The 463,354 tonnes output
last year compared with a peak 1975 output of 700,000 tonnes.
    A five-year production and investment plan launched in 1984
by ZCCM is being funded by the European Community, the African
Development Bank and the World Bank.
    The plan foresees the shutdown of some seven mining and
metallurgical units on the grounds they are unprofitable.
    ZCCM, the second largest employer after the government, has
said it intends to lay off 20,000 of its 60,000 workforce as
part of the plan.
    More than 250 mln dlrs have so far been channelled into the
industry in a bid to improve efficiency and profitability under
the five-year restructuring plan.
    Company officials said although reserves were being
depleted, Zambia could continue to produce copper beyond the
end of the century, though at lower levels of production.
    Industry sources said ZCCM's projected pre-tax profit for
the financial year ended March 31 would be around 500 mln
kwacha. But with the current mineral export tax level being
levied, a net loss is likely to be registered.
    ZCCM recorded a net loss of 718 mln kwacha in 1986 compared
with a net profit of 19 mln kwacha the year before.
    Under the foreign exchange auction system introduced in
1985, ZCCM's profits from its foreign exchange earnings rose as
the value of the kwacha fell to 21 to the dollar from just over
two to the dollar.
    But on May 1, President Kenneth Kaunda abolished the
auctioning system, inspired by the International Monetary Fund,
and announced Zambia would pursue a go-it-alone economic
strategy based on national resources.
    ZCCM officials are still cautious over what effects the
break with the IMF will have on the industry's plans.
    "We are still consulting to see how the new measures will
affect us but it is too early to say just how we shall fare
under the new situation," Peter Hansen, director of operations
and third in the ZCCM hierarchy, told Reuters.
    Some analysts believe the new officially-fixed exchange
rate of eight kwacha to the dollar will hit ZCCM's export
profits.
    "Most specialists I have talked to tell me the break-even
point for ZCCM is a rate of 10 kwacha per dollar," Frederick
Chiluba, leader of the Zambian Congress of Trade Unions said.
    High production costs continue to bedevil the Zambian
industry.
    Zambia mines copper at a relatively expensive rate of 69
cents per pound, compared with 55 cents in the United States
and under 40 cents in Chile.
    The industry also faces transport problems due to Zambia
being landlocked. The government confirmed this year it had
stopped sBending copper south through South Africa.
    Over 80 pct of shipments, some 35,000 tonnes a month, are
sent by rail to the Tanzanian port of Dar-es-Salaam, while
5,000 tonnes go via Zimbabwe to the Mozambique port of Beira.
Transport has often been hit by shortages of wagons, spares and
fuel.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18952>
Inspiration Consolidated Copper Co, a
subsidiary of Inspiration Resources Corp, said it is lowering
its base price for full-plate copper cathodes by 0.50 cent to
74.0 cents a lb, effective immediately.
  
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19781>
The Paris-based Intergovernmental Council
of Copper Exporting Countries (CIPEC) is closely studying the
current backwardation in world copper market prices but does
not envisage taking corrective action at present, CIPEC sources
here said.
    The organisation's executive and marketing committees
reviewed the current market situation during a series of
meetings here late last week, but took no major decisions.
    The sources noted that the backwardation - premium of
nearby supply over forward delivery - dates back several weeks
and is the longest on record.
   "It's unusual," one official said, but added CIPEC did not
have any immediate recipe to remedy the situation.
    The meetings featured a gathering of the 10 directors of
CIPEC's regional copper development and promotion centres,
which are based in Europe, Japan, India and Brazil.
    Their main aim was to prepare the ground for the annual
ministerial meeting of CIPEC, which is scheduled for Zaire in
late September.
    The last three ministerial meetings have been held in Paris
to keep down costs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19786>
Finland's state-owned mining company
Outokumpu Oy said in a statement it was entering Spanish
markets as a shareholder in Iberica del Cobre, S.A., a
manufacturer of copper products.
    Outokumpu will acquire 21 pct of the shares in the Spanish
company and a company will be set up as an agent for Outokumpu
Spain. The deal awaits approval by the Spanish government.
    Iberica del Cobre makes tubes, rods, rolled and drawn
copper and alloy products and its sales of 87,000 tonnes of
output in 1986 amounted to 22 billion pesetas. Outokumpu's
turnover in 1986 was 7.58 billion markka.
 Reuter
</BODY>
