<BODY DOCID=14832>
Thailand's trade deficit widened to 4.5
billion baht in the first quarter of 1987 from 2.1 billion a
year ago, the Business Economics Department said.
    It said Janunary/March imports rose to 65.1 billion baht
from 58.7 billion. Thailand's improved business climate this
year resulted in a 27 pct increase in imports of raw materials
and semi-finished products.
    The country's oil import bill, however, fell 23 pct in the
first quarter due to lower oil prices.
    The department said first quarter exports expanded to 60.6
billion baht from 56.6 billion.
    Export growth was smaller than expected due to lower
earnings from many key commodities including rice whose
earnings declined 18 pct, maize 66 pct, sugar 45 pct, tin 26
pct and canned pineapples seven pct.
    Products registering high export growth were jewellery up
64 pct, clothing 57 pct and rubber 35 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14858>
Japan's Agriculture Ministry, angered by
U.S. Demands that Japan open its farm products market, will
tell U.S. Officials at talks later this month that
liberalisation would harm existing U.S. Farm exports to Japan,
a senior ministry official said.
    "Imports from the U.S. Would drop due to active sales drives
by other suppliers," the official, who declined to be named,
said. "Japan is the largest customer for U.S. Farm products and
it is not reasonable for the U.S. To demand Japan liberalise
its farm import market," he said.
    Agriculture Minister Mutsuki Kato has said if the U.S.
Insists Japan open its protected rice market it will also open
its wheat market, where volume and origin are regulated to
protect local farmers.
    Australia and Canada could then increase their wheat
exports as they are more competitive than the U.S., He said.
End-users would also buy other origins, grain traders said.
    U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng, who is due to
visit Japan for talks between April 16-27, has said he will ask
Japan to offer a share of its rice market to U.S. Suppliers and
remove quotas on U.S. Beef and citrus imports.
    Other countries are already cutting into the U.S. Market
share here. Australia, the largest beef supplier to Japan, has
been trying to boost exports prior to the expiry of a four-year
beef accord next March 31.
    Imports of U.S. Corn have fallen due to increased sales
from China and South America, while Japanese soybean imports
from Brazil are expected to rise sharply this year, although
the U.S. Will remain the largest supplier.
    U.S. Feedgrain sales will also drop if Japan opens up its
beef imports, since Japan depends almost entirely on feedgrain
imports, mainly from the U.S., Japanese officials said.
    An indication of the U.S. Position came last December when
Under Secretary of Agriculture Daniel Amstutz said Japan has
the potential to provide one of the largest boosts to U.S.
Agricultural exports, with the beef market alone representing
some one billion dlrs in new business.
    The U.S. Has also asked the General Agreement on Tariffs
and Trade to investigate the legality of Japanese import
controls on 12 other farm products, including fruit juices,
purees and pulp, tomato juice, ketchup and sauce, peanuts,
prepared beef products and miscellaneous beans.
    To help calm heated trade relations with the U.S., Japan's
top business group Keidanren has urged the government to remove
residual import restrictions on agricultural products.
    But Agriculture Minister Kato has ruled out any emotional
reaction, and the senior ministry official said the farm issue
should not become a scapegoat for trade pressure in the
industrial sector.
    "Japan is the largest buyer of U.S. Farm products, and these
issues should not be discussed on the same table," the official
said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15033>
The Zambian government has no immediate
plans to follow last week's increase in the producer price of
maize with a hike in the retail price of maize meal, an
official of the ruling party said.
    Last December, a 120 pct increase in the consumer price for
refined maize meal, a Zambian staple, led to food riots in
which at least 15 people died.
    That price increase, which President Kenneth Kaunda later
revoked, followed pressure by the International Monetary Fund
(IMF) to reduce the government's subsidy bill.
    However, if the producer price rise, from 6.10 dlrs to 8.67
dlrs per 90-kg bag, is not accompanied by a retail price
increase, the government will have to spend more on subsidies,
a practice discouraged by the IMF.
    "There is no way out but to raise the subsidy levels of
meal. It (the government) would have to choose between the
demands of the IMF and those of the people," a Ministry of
Agriculture economist said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15043>
Argentine grain producers adjusted
their yield estimates for the 1986/87 coarse grain crop
downward in the week to yesterday after the heavy rains at the
end of March and beginning of April, trade sources said.
    They said sunflower, maize and sorghum production estimates
had been reduced despite some later warm, dry weather, which
has allowed a return to harvesting in some areas.
    However, as showers fell intermittently after last weekend,
producers feared another spell of prolonged and intense rain
could cause more damage to crops already badly hit this season.
    Rains in the middle of last week reached an average of 27
millimetres in parts of Buenos Aires province, 83 mm in
Cordoba, 41 in Santa Fe, 50 in Entre Rios and Misiones, 95 in
Corrientes, eight in Chaco and 35 in Formosa.
    There was no rainfall in the same period in La Pampa.
    Producers feared continued damp conditions could produce
rotting and lead to still lower yield estimates for all the
crops, including soybean.
    However, as the lands began drying later in the week
harvesting advanced considerably, reaching between 36 and 40
pct of the area sown in the case of sunflower.
    Deterioration of the sunflower crop evident in harvested
material in Cordoba, La Pampa and Buenos Aires forced yield
estimates per hectare to be adjusted down again.
    The season's sunflowerseed production is now forecast at
2.1 mln to 2.3 mln tonnes, against 2.2 mln to 2.4 mln forecast
last week and down 43.9 to 48.8 pct on the 1985/86 record of
4.1 mln.
    Area sown to sunflowers was two to 2.2 mln hectares, 29.9
to 36.3 pct below the record 3.14 mln hectares last season.
    Maize harvesting has also reached 36 to 40 pct of the area
sown. It is near completion in Cordoba and Santa Fe and will
begin in La Pampa and southern Buenos Aires later in April.
    Production estimates for maize were down from last week at
9.5 mln to 9.8 mln tonnes, against 9.6 mln to 9.9 mln estimated
previously.
    This is 22.2 to 23.4 pct below the 12.4 mln to 12.6 mln
tonnes estimated by private sources for the 1985/86 crop and
21.9 to 25.8 pct down on the official figure of 12.8 mln
tonnes.
    Maize was sown on 3.58 mln to 3.78 mln hectares, two to
seven pct down on last season's 3.85 mln.
    Sorghum was harvested on 23 to 25 pct of the area sown in
Cordoba, Santa Fe and Chaco. Harvest will start in La Pampa and
Buenos Aires in mid-April.
    The total area sown was 1.23 mln to 1.30 mln hectares, 10.3
to 15.2 pct down on the 1.45 mln sown last season.
    The new forecast for the sorghum crop is 2.9 mln to 3.2 mln
tonnes compared with three mln to 3.3 mln forecast last week,
and is 23.8 to 29.3 pct down on last season's 4.1 mln to 4.2
mln tonne crop.
    The soybean crop for this season was not adjusted,
remaining at a record 7.5 mln to 7.7 mln tonnes, up 4.2 to 5.5
pct on the 7.2 mln to 7.3 mln estimated by private sources for
1985/86 and 5.6 to 8.5 pct higher than the official figure of
7.1 mln.
    The area sown to soybeans this season was a record 3.7 mln
to 3.8 mln hectares, 10.8 to 13.8 pct up on the record 3.34 mln
sown in 1985/86.
    The soybean crop is showing excessive moisture in some
areas and producers fear they may discover more damage. Some
experimental harvesting was carried out in Santa Fe on areas
making up only about one pct of the total crop but details on
this were not available.
    Preparation of the fields for the 1987/88 wheat crop, which
will be sown between May and August or September, has so far
not been as intense as in previous years.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15106>
Storage problems with Brazil's record
grain crop are likely to result in losses of about five mln
tonnes, an Agriculture Ministry spokesman said.
    Ministry spokesman Leonardo Brito, speaking from Brasilia,
told Reuters he believed that about five mln tonnes of this
year's estimated crop of 65 mln tonnes would be lost.
    He said part of this would be the normal loss inevitable in
harvesting, but that most of it would stem from storage
problems.
    Brazil has a storage capacity of 66 mln tonnes,
theoretically sufficient for the crop.
    But Brito said that the storage capacity was badly
distributed. The states of Sao Paulo, Parana and Rio Grande do
Sul had between them 70 pct of the nation's capacity, but were
responsible for only 50 to 60 pct of production.
    The biggest problems are concentrated in the Centre-West
growing regions, where rising production has outpaced storage
capacity.
    Brito said the Centre-West, whose crops include soya and
maize, had between 30 and 40 pct of the nation's grains
production but only 20 pct of its storage space.
    In addition to the poor distribution of storage units,
there is the problem that too much of the capacity is geared to
storing grain in sacks, while not enough is suitable for
storing loose grain, Brito said.
    Finally, there is a shortage of lorries to transport the
crops.
    The sheer scale of the task in transporting the record crop
has been evident from television reports, which have shown
enormous queues of lorries waiting outside granaries.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15287>
South Korea's purchase of about 2.4
mln tonnes of U.S. corn in the past six months -- close to
double last year's total -- indicates that imports from the
United States, as well as total imports are set for a dramatic
jump, the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    In its World Production and Trade Report, the department
said total South Korea corn imports for the 1986/87 season
(Oct-Sept) are estimated at 4.3 mln tonnes, with about 3.4 mln
tonnes from the United States.
    During the 1985/86 season, imports totaled only 1.3 mln
tonnes of U.S. corn out of a total of 3.6 mln tonnes.
    Ite appears the Koreans are shifting back to U.S. corn in
light of competitive U.S. prices and uncertain supplies from
China, Argentina and South Africa, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15341>
The U.S. Agriculture Department is
currently discussing an amendment to a PL 480 agreement signed
with Morocco on January 22, but the mix of commodities under
the amendment has not been determined, a U.S. Agriculture
Department official said.
    The official noted the agreement signed in January provided
for the supply of about 55,000 tonnes of vegetable oil, 55,000
tonnes of corn and 126,000 tonnes of wheat, all for delivery
during the current fiscal year, ending this September 30.
    No purchase authorizations for the commodities provided in
the January agreement have been announced by the department.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15618>
French operators have requested licences
to export 320,000 tonnes of free market barley, 225,000 tonnes
of maize, 25,000 tonnes of free market bread-making wheat and
20,000 tonnes of feed wheat at today's EC tender, trade sources
said.
    For the barley, rebates of between 138 and 141.25 European
currency units (Ecus) per tonne were sought, for maize they
were between 129.65 and 139 Ecus, for bread-making wheat around
145 Ecus and for feed wheat around 142.45 Ecus.
    Barley rebates of up to 138.50 Ecus were requested for a
total of 40,000 tonnes and at 139 Ecus for 85,000 tonnes.
    Rebates of up to 130 Ecus per tonne were requested for a
total of 55,000 tonnes maize and up to 131 Ecus for 105,000
tonnes, the sources said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15676>
The European Commission authorised the
export of 65,000 tonnes of free market barley at today's tender
at a maximum rebate of 138.75 European currency units and
55,000 tonnes of French maize at 130 Ecus, grain traders here
said.
    It rejected bids for breadmaking and feed wheat, they said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15686>
Based on field travel in the
Brazilian state of Parana, soybean yields should be about
average or 2.0 to 2.2 tonnes per hectare, the U.S. Agriculture
Department's officer in Sao Paulo said in a field report.
    The report, dated March 24, noted Parana accounts for about
20 to 24 pct of Brazil's total soybean crop.
    It said generally favorable weather from early December
through February helped compensate for earlier dryness.
    However, hot, dry weather during the past 20 to 30 days
followed by an unseasonably brief cold spell during the second
week of march has raised concern about late planted soybeans
which are still immature, but the impact may be localized, the
report said.
    The corn crop is expected to be a record and will create
serious storage problems, the report said.
    Due to favorable support prices, corn area increased by
more than 25 pct at the expense of soybeans, and yields are
expected to be above average, it said.
    Due to late plantings only about 20 pct of the corn crop
crop has been harvested.
    During the field trip long truck lines were noted at grain
elevators where preference is given to soybeans over corn, the
report said.
    New crop wheat plantings are expected to decline  -- Parana
accounts for about 60 pct of total production. Major reasons
for the decline are expected reduced government support price
and good summer crop harvests.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15720>
The European Commission was authorised
to buy up to one mln tonnes of maize into intervention stores
in the second half of June, although sales into intervention
normally end on April 30, Commission sources said.
    They said approval was given by the EC's Cereals Management
Committee because of the possible disturbance of the market due
to heavy imports of maize under the agreement between the EC
and the United States.
    The agreement guarantees access to the Spanish market for
two mln tonnes of non-EC maize a year for the next four years.
    The sources said the intervention price for the maize would
be 201.49 Ecus a tonne.
    They said at this price it seemed unlikely that the full
    They added the decision is also designed to prevent massive
offers of maize for intervention just ahead of the normal April
30 deadline, which could be caused by speculation about the
implementation of the accord with the United States.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15856>
The Soviet Union has added 175,600
tonnes of U.S. corn to its previous commitments for delivery in
the fourth year of the U.S.-USSR Grain Supply Agreement, which
began October 1, 1986, the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    According to the department's Export Sales Report, covering
transactions in the week ended April 2, corn transactions
consisted of 140,600 tonnes of new sales and changes in
destinations for 35,000 tonnes.
    Total corn commitments to the USSR  for delivery in the
fourth agreement year amount to 2,825,600 tonnes. The Soviets
have not purchased wheat or soybeans in the fourth year of the
agreement.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15860>
The U.S. Agriculture Department gave
projected carryover free stocks of feedgrains, corn and wheat
under loans, with comparisons, as follows, in mln bushels,
except feedgrains, which is in mln tonnes --
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Under Regular Nine Month Loan --
      WHEAT    225     300       678     678
 FEEDGRAINS   52.1    68.1      75.7    75.7
       CORN  1,800   2,400     2,589   2,589
 Special Producer Storage Loan Program --
      WHEAT    165     150       163     163
 FEEDGRAINS    7.0     6.7       5.3     5.3
       CORN    200     200       147     147
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15863>
The U.S. Agriculture Department
forecast the Soviet 1986/87 wheat crop at 92.30 mln tonnes, vs
92.30 mln tonnes last month. It put the 1985/86 crop at 78.10
mln tonnes, vs 78.10 mln tonnes last month.
    Soviet 1986/87 coarse grain production is estimated at
103.30 mln tonnes, vs 103.30 mln tonnes last month. Production
in 1985/86 is projected at 99.99 mln tonnes, vs 100.00 mln
tonnes last month.
    USSR wheat imports are forecast at 15.00 mln tonnes in
1986/87, vs 15.00 mln tonnes last month. Imports in 1985/86 are
put at 15.70 mln tonnes, vs 15.70 mln tonnes last month. USDA
estimated Soviet 1986/87 coarse grain imports at 12.00 mln
tonnes, vs 10.00 mln tonnes last month, and 1985/86 imports at
13.70 mln tonnes, vs 13.70 mln tonnes last month.
    USDA said Soviet coarse grain imports include 1986/87 corn
imports, which it forecast at 8.00 mln tonnes, vs 6.00 mln
tonnes last month. Corn imports in 1985/86 are estimated at
10.40 mln tonnes, vs 10.40 mln last month.
    Total Soviet grain imports in 1986/87, at 28.0 mln tonnes,
include one mln tonnes of miscellaneous grains.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15871>
The U.S. Agriculture Department gave
the net change in export commitments, including sales,
cancellations, foreign purchases and cumulative exports, in the
current seasons through the week ended April 2, with
comparisons, as follows, in tonnes, except as noted --
                        4/2/87   Prev Week
            All Wheat   119,800    368,300
                 Corn 1,001,900    927,000
             Soybeans   240,500    300,900
         Soy Cake/Meal  117,700    170,200
          Soybean Oil     2,400-x    8,100
            Cotton-Y     60,200     31,900
   x-minus total. Y-running bales.
    The indicated totals include reported commitments to both
named and unnamed destinations, sales on exporters' own account
and optional origin sales plus actual exports already made
during the respective marketing seasons.
    The USDA cautions that reported outstanding sales are
subject to modification, deferral or cancellation and it is
unlikely that all reported quantities will be exported.
    USDA gave detailed breakdowns for the 1986/87 and 1987/88
seasons as follows, in thousand tonnes unless stated --
 (A) - Firm sales to a declared destination.
 (B) - Ultimate destination not yet declared.
 (C) - Sales made on exporters' own account.
 (D) - Exporter holds option to fill commitment with supplies 
from origins other than U.S.
 (E) - Accumulated exports since season began based on data 
reported by exporters.
 (F) - Indicated total for season.
 (G) - USDA-projected exports for season.
 Note -- Totals may not add due to rounding.
     ALL WHEAT
                1986/87             1987/88
             4/2/87   Prev Wk  4/3/87 Prev Wk
 Named-A    3,157.6   3,684.1 1,591.4 1,635.6
 Unnamed-B    143.8     144.3    87.1    57.1
 E.O.A.-C       9.5       9.5     nil     nil
 O.O.P.-D       nil       nil     nil     nil
 Gr Total   3,310.9   3,837.9 1,679.0 1,692.7
 Ay Expd-E 21,044.6  20,433.4
 Ind Ttl-F 24,355.5  24,271.3
 USDAPRJ-G 27,900.0  27,900.0
    SOYBEANS
                 1986/87            1987/88
             4/2/87   Prev Wk   4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A    1,774.7  1,780.3     215.9   215.9
 Unnamed-B    500.3    524.8       nil    30.0
 E.O.A.-C      18.4     18.4       nil     nil
 O.O.P.-D       nil      nil       nil     nil
 Gr Total   2,293.4  2,323.5     215.9   245.9
 Ay Expd-E 14,334.2 14,183.2
 Ind Ttl-F 16,627.6 16,506.7
 USDAPRJ-G 19,050.0 19,050.0
    CORN
                1986/87             1987/88
            4/2/87    Prev Wk    4/2/87 Prev WK
 Named-A    8,559.8   8,684.8    772.1   268.8
 Unnamed-B    945.7     920.1      nil     nil
 E.O.A-C       90.8      66.9      nil     nil
 O.O.P-D      138.0     175.0      nil     nil
 Gr Total   9,734.3   9,846.9    772.1   268.8
 Ay Expd-E 20,296.0  19,293.8
 Ind Ttl-F 30,030.3  29,140.7
 USDAPRJ-G 31,750.0  31,750.0
    SORGHUM
                1986/87            1987/88
             4/2/87  Prev Wk    4/2/87 Prev WK
 Named-A      875.6    805.1     nil      nil
 Unnamed-B    151.2    151.2     10.2-x   nil
 E.O.A-C        nil      nil     nil      nil
 O.O.P-D      114.5    138.3     nil      nil
 Gr Total   1,141.3  1,094.6     10.2-x   nil
 Ay Expd-E  3,222.5  3,149.7
 Ind Ttl-F  4,363.8  4,244.3
 USDAPRJ-G  5,720.0  5,720.0
 x-minus total 
    WHEAT PRODUCTS
               1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87  Prev Wk   4/2/87   Prev Wk
 Named-A     321.0   401.9       nil    nil
 Unnamed-B     nil     nil       nil    nil
 E.O.A.-C      nil     nil       nil    nil
 O.O.P.-D      nil     nil       nil    nil
 Gr Total    321.0   401.9       nil    nil
 Ay Expd-E   926.9   840.9
 Ind Ttl-F 1,348.2 1,242.8
  Note - Includes bulgur, semolina, farina, rolled, cracked and
crushed wheat.
    SOYBEAN OIL
               1986/87           1987/88
           4/2/87  Prev Wk    4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A      8.8    10.4      nil     nil
 Unnamed-B    7.0    10.5      nil     nil
 E.O.A-C      nil     nil      nil     nil
 O.O.P-D      nil     nil      nil     nil
 Gr Total    15.8    20.9      nil     nil
 Ay Expd-E  138.4   135.8
 Ind Ttl-F  154.2   156.7
 USDAPRJ-G  610.0   610.0
    SOYBEAN CAKE AND MEAL
                1986/87             1987/88
             4/2/87  Prev Wk    4/2/87 Prev Wk
 Named-A      788.0    869.7    50.7      48.4
 Unnamed-B     76.0     94.0     nil       nil
 E.O.A-C        2.7      6.1     nil       nil
 O.O.P-D        nil      nil     nil       nil
 Gr Total     866.7    969.8    50.7      48.4
 Ay Expd-E  4,098.0  3,880.6
 Ind Ttl-F  4,964.7  4,850.4
 USDAPRJ-G  5,760.0  5,760.0
     COTTONSEED OIL
               1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87  Prev Wk   4/2/87   Prev Wk
 Named-A      7.4     7.2       nil     nil
 Unnamed-B    0.3     0.3       nil     nil
 E.O.A.-C     nil     nil       nil     nil
 O.O.P.-D     7.8     7.8       nil     nil
 Gr Total    15.4    15.2       nil     nil
    ALL UPLAND DOMESTIC RAW COTTON-Y
                1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87    Prev Wk   4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A    2,007.9  2,076.1     468.2   457.2
 Unnamed-B     20.3     20.2       nil     nil
 E.O.A-C        nil      nil       nil     nil
 O.O.P-C        nil      nil       nil     nil
 Gr Total   2,028.2  2,096.3     468.2   457.2
 Ay Expd-E  4,333.1  4,204.7
 Ind Ttl-F  6,361.3  6,301.0
 USDAPRJ-G  6,335.0  6,335.0
  Y-In thousand running bales.
    BARLEY
                 1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87   Prev Wk     4/2/87 Prev Wk
 Named-A      559.5    584.5      nil      nil
 Unnamed-B     12.7     12.7      nil      nil
 E.O.A.-C       nil      nil      nil      nil
 O.O.P.-D      25.0     25.0      nil      nil
 Gr Total     597.1    622.1      nil      nil
 Ay Expt-E  2,464.6  2,440.7
 Ind Ttl-F  3,061.7  3,062.8
 USDAPRJ-G  3,270.0  3,270.0
    OATS
             1986/87            1987/88
           4/2/87 Prev Wk    4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A     nil    nil       nil    nil
 Unnamed-B   nil    nil       nil    nil
 E.O.A.-C    nil    nil       nil    nil
 O.O.P.-D    nil    nil       nil    nil
 Gr Total    nil    nil       nil    nil
 Ay Expd-E   2.4    2.4
 Ind Ttl-F   2.4    2.4
 USDAPRJ-G  30.0   30.0
    RICE
                1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87   Prev Wk    4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A      347.6    369.1      nil     nil
 Unnamed-B      1.0      1.0      nil     nil
 E.O.A-C        nil      nil      nil     nil
 O.O.P-D        nil      nil      nil     nil
 Gr Total     348.6    370.1      nil     nil
 Ay Expd-E  1,718.8  1,688.2
 Ind Ttl-F  2,067.4  2,058.3
 USDAPRJ-G  2,580.0  2,580.0
    HARD RED WINTER WHEAT
               1986/87            1987/88
           4/2/87   Prev Wk     4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A   1,738.0  2,019.7     893.0   943.0
 Unnamed-B    80.5     70.5     107.6    77.2
 E.O.A.-C      nil      nil       nil     nil
 O.O.P.-D      nil      nil       nil     nil
 Gr Total  1,818.5  2,090.2   1,000.6 1,020.2
 Ay Exp-E  8,332.1  7,974.5
 Ind Tl-F 10,150.6 10,064.8
    WHITE WHEAT
               1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87  Prev Wk    4/2/87   Prev Wk
 Named-A     548.5    635.6     58.0    58.0
 Unnamed-B    19.0-x   19.0-x    6.0-x   6.0-x
 E.O.A.-C      nil      nil      nil     nil
 O.O.P.-D      nil      nil      nil     nil
 Gr Total    529.5    616.6     52.0    52.0
 Ay Exp-E  3,831.5  3,757.7
 Ind Tl-F  4,361.0  4,374.3
  x - denotes minus figure
    HARD RED SPRING WHEAT
              1986/87             1987/88
          4/2/87   Prev Wk    4/2/87   Prev Wk
 Named-A    576.6    620.6    164.7   164.7
 Unnamed-B   29.6     16.0      nil     nil
 E.O.A.-C     0.9      0.9      nil     nil
 O.O.P.-D     nil      nil      nil     nil
 Gr Total   607.1    637.5    164.7   164.7
 Ay Exp-E 4,312.4  4,247.6
 Ind Tl-F 4,919.5  4,885.1
     DURUM WHEAT
              1986/87              1987/88
           4/2/87   Prev Wk    4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A    166.6    280.3      93.4   93.4
 Unnamed-B   52.8     76.9       nil    nil
 E.O.A.-C     2.8      2.8       nil    nil
 O.O.P.-D     nil      nil       nil    nil
 Gr Total   222.2    360.0      93.4   93.4
 Ay Exp-E 1,842.6  1,727.5
 Ind Tl-F 2,064.8  2,087.5
    SOFT RED WINTER WHEAT
               1986/87             1987/88
            4/2/87  Prev Wk     4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A     127.8    127.8    382.3   376.5
 Unnamed-B     nil      nil     14.0-x  14.0-x
 E.O.A.-C      5.8      5.8      nil     nil
 O.O.P.-D      nil      nil      nil     nil
 Gr Total    133.6    133.6    368.3   362.5
 Ay Exp-E  2,726.0  2,726.0
 Ind Tl-F  2,859.6  2,859.6
 x-minus figure
    Country and destinations of the identified sales of
commodities reported by exporters in week ended April 2 for
the respective marketing seasons were detailed by the USDA as
follows, with comparisons for the previous week, in thousands
of tonnes, except where noted-- 
 ALL WHEAT  
               1986/87             1987/88
             4/2/87  Prev Wk   4/2/87   Prev Wk
 E.C.          nil     nil      50.0    50.0
 Other West
 Europe      218.8   236.8       nil     nil
 East Europe 261.0   346.0      25.0    25.0
    ALL WHEAT Continued
                 1986/87            1987/88
             4/2/87  Prev Wk    4/2/87  Prev Wk
 USSR           nil      nil      nil     nil
 Japan        490.4    662.2      nil     nil
 China         90.0     90.0    910.0   910.0
 Taiwan       115.0    141.0    144.0   144.0
 Other Asia and
 Oceania      654.9    730.9     28.6    78.6
 Africa       959.5  1,115.0    167.1   167.1
 Western
 Hemisphere   367.9    362.1    266.7   260.9
 SOYBEANS        1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87   Prev Wk   4/2/87   Prev Wk
 E.C.        302.2     317.7    91.4     91.4
 Other West
 Europe       25.0      25.0     nil      nil
 East Europe 101.0     101.0     nil      nil
 Japan       355.4     330.5     nil      nil
 China         nil       nil     nil      nil
 Taiwan      472.0     499.0    87.0     87.0
 Other Asia and
 Oceania     164.6     187.7     nil      nil
 Africa        nil       nil     nil      nil
 Western
 Hemisphere  354.4     391.5     37.5    37.5
    SOYBEAN OIL
             1986/87           1987/88
          4/2/87  Prev Wk    4/2/87  Prev Wk
 E.C.        1.5     1.5      nil     nil
 India       nil     nil      nil     nil
 Other Asia and
 Oceania     nil     nil      nil     nil
 Africa      nil     nil      nil     nil
 Western
 Hemisphere  7.3     8.9      nil     nil
    SOYBEAN CAKE/MEAL
                 1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87   Prev Wk   4/2/87   Prev Wk
 E.C.        301.7   350.7     47.2   45.0
 Other West
 Europe        nil     nil      nil    nil
 East Europe   nil    36.0      nil    nil
 Japan         nil     3.5      nil    nil
 Other Asia and
 Oceania      25.0    40.0      nil    nil
 Africa       30.2    38.0      nil    nil
 Western
 Hemisphere  431.0   401.5      3.4    3.4
    CORN         1986/87            1987/88
              4/2/87   Prev Wk   4/2/87  Prev Wk
 E.C.           82.5     22.5       0.2     0.2
 Other West
 Europe          nil      0.8       nil     nil
 E. Europe      94.0     50.0      50.0    50.0
 USSR        2,432.7  2,543.8       nil     nil
 Japan       2,767.4  2,787.8      52.4    21.0
 China         495.0    555.0       nil     nil
 Taiwan        791.0    836.0     390.0   170.0
 Other Asia and
 Oceania       721.7    615.2     250.0     nil
 Africa        125.0    195.5       nil     nil
 WestHem     1,050.5  1,114.0      29.4    27.6
    UPLAND COTTON (In thousand bales)
               1986/87             1987/88
            4/2/87  Prev Wk     4/2/87 Prev Wk
 E.C.        260.9    266.1     97.9    95.0
 Other West
 Europe       62.2     66.2      8.7     8.7
 E. Europe     3.1      3.1      nil     nil
 Japan       445.8    484.1     72.3    70.1
 Taiwan      377.9    390.4     41.6    39.5
 Other Asia and
 Oceania     741.7    783.4    244.5   241.1
 Africa       16.7     13.4      nil     nil
 Western
 Hemisphere   99.6     69.5      3.2     2.7
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15875>
The U.S. Agriculture Department made
the following supply/demand projections for the 1986/87
seasons, in mln bushels, with comparisons, unless noted --
    CORN --     1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Acreage (mln acres) --
     Planted   76.7    76.7     83.4    83.4
   Harvested   69.2    69.2     75.2    75.2
  Yield (bu)  119.3   119.3    118.0   118.0
 Supply (mln bu) -- 
 Start Stock  4,040   4,040    1,648   1,648
  Production  8,253   8,253    8,877   8,877
     Total-X 12,295  12,295   10,536  10,536
  X-Includes imports.
    CORN (cont.)
                 1986/87           1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Usage: Feed  4,500    4,300     4,095    4,126
       Other  1,180    1,150     1,160    1,129
  Ttl Domest  5,680    5,450     5,255    5,255
     Exports  1,375    1,250     1,241    1,241
   Total Use  7,055    6,700     6,496    6,496
  End Stocks  5,240    5,595     4,040    4,040
 Farmer Reser 1,400    1,300       564      564
  CCC Stocks  1,700    1,500       546      546
 Free Stocks  2,140    2,795     2,930    2,930
  AvgPrice  1.35-1.65  1.35-1.65  2.23     2.23
  Note - Price in dlrs per bu. Corn season begins Sept 1.
    ALL WHEAT -
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Acreage (mln acres) --
     Planted   72.0    72.0     75.6    75.6
   Harvested   60.7    60.7     64.7    64.7
       Yield   34.4    34.4     37.5    37.5
 Supply (mln bu) --
 Start Stcks  1,905   1,905    1,425   1,425
  Production  2,087   2,087    2,425   2,425
       Total
    Supply-X  4,007   4,007    3,865   3,865
 X - Includes imports.
    ALL WHEAT   1986/87            1985/86
 (cont.)   04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Usage: Food    700    690       678    678
        Seed     84     90        93     93
        Feed    350    325       274    274
  Ttl Domest  1,134  1,105     1,045  1,045
     Exports  1,025  1,025       915    915
   Total Use  2,159  2,130     1,960  1,960
  End Stocks  1,848  1,877     1,905  1,905
 Farmer Reser   475    450       433    433
  CCC Stocks    950    950       602    602
 Free Stocks    423    477       870    870
  Avg Price  2.30-40  2.30-40   3.08   3.08
 Note - Price in dlrs per bushel. Wheat season begins June 1.
    SOYBEANS -
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Acreage (mln acres) --
      Planted   61.5   61.5     63.1   61.1
    Harvested   59.4   59.4     61.6   61.6
   Yield (bu)   33.8   33.8     34.1   34.1
 Supply (mln bu) --
 Start Stocks    536    536      316    316
   Production  2,007  2,007    2,099  2,099
        Total  2,543  2,543    2,415  2,415
    SOYBEANS (cont.)
               1986/87             1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87   04/09/87 03/09/87
      Usage --
  Crushings  1,130   1,115      1,053   1,053
    Exports    700     700        740     740
 Seed, Feed and
   Residual    103      93         86      86
  Total Use  1,933   1,908      1,879   1,879
 End Stocks    610     635        536     536
 Avg Price 4.60-4.80 4.60-4.80   5.05    5.05
 Note - Average price in dlrs per bushel. Soybean season begins
June 1.
    FEEDGRAINS - X
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Acreage (mln acres) --
      Planted  119.8   119.8     128.1   128.1
    Harvested  102.0   102.0     111.8   111.8
 Yld (tonnes)   2.48    2.48      2.45    2.45
 Supply (mln tonnes) --
 Start Stocks  126.4   126.4      57.5    57.5
   Production  252.4   252.4     274.4   274.4
      Imports    0.6     0.6       0.9     0.9
        Total  379.4   379.4     332.7   332.7
 X - Includes corn, sorghum, barley, oats.
    FEEDGRAINS - X (cont.)
                 1986/87          1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Usage: Feed  140.6   136.2     134.8   135.5
       Other   35.8    35.0      35.0    34.3
  Ttl Domest  176.4   171.2     169.8   169.8
     Exports   43.9    40.8      36.6    36.6
   Total Use  220.3   211.9     206.4   206.4
  End Stocks  159.1   167.5     126.4   126.4
 Farmer Reser  39.0    36.5      16.6    16.6
  CCC Stocks   55.2    49.5      20.4    20.4
 Free Stocks   64.8    81.5      89.3    89.3
 X - Includes corn, sorghum, oats, barley. Seasons for oats,
barley began June 1, corn and sorghum Sept 1.
    SOYBEAN OIL -
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Supply (mln lbs) --
 Start Stcks     947     947       632     632
  Production  12,263  12,103    11,617  11,617
     Imports     Nil     Nil         8       8
       Total  13,210  13,050    12,257  12,257
 Note - 1985/86 production estimates based on October year
crush of 1,060 mln bushels.
    SOYBEAN OIL (cont.) -
               1986/87             1985/86
          04/09/87  03/09/87  04/09/87  03/09/87
 Usage (mln lbs) --
  Domestic  10,500    10,500    10,053   10,053
   Exports   1,350     1,350     1,257    1,257
     Total  11,850    11,850    11,310   11,310
 End Stcks   1,360     1,200       947      947
 AvgPrice  14.5-16.0  15.0-17.0  18.00    18.00
 Note - Average price in cents per lb. Season for soybean oil
begins Oct 1.
    SOYBEAN CAKE/MEAL, in thousand short tons --
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks     212     212       387     387
  Production  26,558  26,203    24,951  24,951
       Total  26,770  26,415    25,338  25,338
 Note - 1985/86 production estimates based on October year
crush of 1,060 mln bushels.
    SOY CAKE/MEAL (cont.) -
               1986/87            1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Usage (thous short tons) --
  Domestic   20,000  19,750    19,090  19,118
   Exports    6,500   6,350     6,036   6,008
     Total   26,500  26,100    25,126  25,126
 End Stcks      270     315       212     212
  AvgPrice  145-150  145-150   154.90  154.90
  Note - Price in dlrs per short ton. Season for soybean cake
and meal begins Oct 1.
    COTTON --
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Area (mln acres) --
      Planted  10.06   10.06     10.68   10.68
    Harvested   8.49    8.49     10.23   10.23
  Yield (lbs)    549     553       630     630
 Supply (mln 480-lb bales) --
 Start Stks-X   9.35    9.35      4.10    4.10
   Production   9.70    9.79     13.43   13.43
 Ttl Supply-Y  19.06   19.14     17.57   17.57
  X - Based on Census Bureau data. Y - Includes imports.
    COTTON (cont.) -
               1986/87           1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
   Usage --
   Domestic   7.10    7.01     6.40    6.40
    Exports   6.66    6.76     1.96    1.96
      Total  13.76   13.77     8.36    8.36
 End Stocks   5.40    5.49     9.35    9.35
 Avge Price  51.7-X  51.7-X   56.50   56.50
 X - 1986/87 price is weighted average for first five months of
marketing year, not a projection for 1986/87. Average price in
cents per lb. Cotton season begins August 1.
    RICE
               1986/87            1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Acreage (mln acres) --
     Planted   2.40    2.40      2.51    2.51
   Harvested   2.38    2.38      2.49    2.49
 Yield (lbs)  5,648   5,648     5,414   5,414
 Supply (mln cwts) --
 Start Stcks   77.3    77.3      64.7    64.7
  Production  134.4   134.4     134.9   134.9
     Imports    2.2     2.2       2.2     2.2
       Total  213.9   213.9     201.8   201.8
    RICE (cont.)
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Usage (mln cwts) --
    Domestic   67.0    67.0      65.8    65.8
     Exports   80.0    80.0      58.7    58.7
     Total-Y  147.0   147.0     124.5   124.5
  End Stocks   66.9    66.9      77.3    77.3
  CCC Stocks   42.9    42.9      41.5    41.5
 Free Stocks   24.0    24.0      35.8    35.8
   AvgPrice 3.45-4.25 3.45-4.25  6.53    6.53
 Note - Average price in dlrs per CWT. Y-Rough equivalent.
N.A.-Not Available, USDA revising price definition due to
marketing loan. Rice season begins August 1.
    SORGHUM
               1986/87            1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
  Yield (bu)  67.7    67.7     66.8    66.8
 Supply (mln bu) --
 Start Stcks   551     551      300     300
  Production   942     942    1,120   1,120
       Total 1,493   1,493    1,420   1,420
  Usage (mln bu) --
        Feed   550     575      662     662
       Other    30      30       29      29
  Ttl Domest   580     605      691     691
    SORGHUM (cont.) -
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
    Exports     225     225       178     178
  Total Use     805     830       869     869
 End Stocks     688     663       551     551
 Avge Price  1.30-50  1.30-50    1.93    1.93
 Note - Price in dlrs per bushel. Sorghum season begins Sept 1.
    BARLEY
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
   Yield (bu)  50.8    50.8      51.0    51.0
 Start Stocks   325     325       247     247
   Production   610     610       591     591
      Imports     5       5         9       9
        Total   941     941       847     847
    BARLEY (cont.)
             1986/87            1985/86
        04/09/87 03/15/87  04/09/87 03/15/87
 Usage (mln bu) --
       Feed  300    300       333    333
      Other  175    175       167    167
 Ttl Domest  475    475       500    500
    Exports  150    150        22     22
  Total Use  625    625       522    522
 End Stocks  316    316       325    325
  AvgPrice 1.45-65  1.45-65  1.98   1.98
 Note - Average price in dlrs per bushel. Barley season begins
June 1.
    OATS - in mln bushels
               1986/87            1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
  Yield (bu)  56.0   56.0      63.7   63.7
 Start Stcks   184    184       180    180
  Production   385    385       521    521
     Imports    30     30        28     28
       Total   598    598       729    729
    OATS, in mln bushels (cont.)
              1986/87             1985/86
         04/09/87 03/09/87   04/09/87 03/09/87
     Usage --
      Feed   400     400       460     460
     Other    85      85        83      83
 Ttl Domes   485     485       543     543
   Exports     2       2         2       2
     Total   487     487       545     545
 End Stcks   111     111       184     184
 AvgPrice 1.00-20  1.00-20    1.23    1.23
  Note - Average price in dlrs per bushel. Oats season begins
June 1.
    LONG GRAIN RICE, in mln CWTs (100 lbs) --
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
   Harvested --
 Acres (mln)   1.83    1.83     1.94    1.94
 Yield (lbs)  5,358   5,358    5,168   5,168
  Start Stks   49.3    49.3     37.7    37.7
  Production   97.8    97.8    100.4   100.4
  Ttl Supply  148.6   148.6    140.1   140.1
 Note -- Starting Stocks does not include broken kernels --
Supply minus use does not equal ending stocks in breakdowns.
Total Supply includes imports but not broken kernels.
    LONG GRAIN RICE, in mln CWTs (100 lbs), cont. --
                 1986/87           1985/86
            04/09/87 03/09/87 04/09/87 03/09/87
 Domestic Use   43.0    43.0      48.8    48.8
      Exports   65.0    60.0      42.0    42.0
    Total Use  108.0   103.0      90.8    90.8
 End Stocks-X   40.6    45.6      49.3    49.3
    AvgPric 3.45-4.25 3.45-4.24   6.86    6.86
 Note - Average price in dlrs per cwt. X-Broken kernels not
included -- supply minus use does not equal ending stocks in
breakdowns. Rice season begins August 1.
    MEDIUM, SHORT GRAIN RICE - in mln CWTs (100 lbs) --
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
   Harvested --
 Acres (mln)   0.55    0.55     0.55    0.55
 Yield (lbs)  6,651   6,651    6,258   6,258
  Start Stks   26.7    26.7     25.7    25.7
  Production   36.6    36.6     34.5    34.5
  Ttl Supply   65.3    65.3     61.7    61.7
 Note -- Starting Stocks does not include broken kernels --
Supply minus use does not equal ending stocks in breakdowns.
Total Supply includes imports but not broken kernels.
    MEDIUM, SHORT GRAIN RICE, in mln CWTs (100 lbs), cont. --
                 1986/87          1985/86
            04/09/87 03/09/87 04/09/87 03/09/87
 Domestic Use   24.0    24.0      17.0    17.0
      Exports   15.0    20.0      16.7    16.7
    Total Use   39.0    44.0      33.7    33.7
 End Stocks-X   24.5    19.5      26.7    26.7
    AvgPric 3.45-4.25  3.45-4.25  5.91    5.91
 Note - Average price in dlrs per CWT. X-Broken kernels not
included - supply minus use does not equal ending stocks in
breakdowns. Rice season begins August 1.
    NOTES ON U.S. SUPPLY/DEMAND TABLES
    -- N.A. - Not available.
    -- Totals may not add due to rounding.
    -- Figures for 1986/87 are midpoint of USDA range.
    -- Feed usage for corn, wheat, soybean, feedgrains,
sorghum, barley, oats includes residual amount.
    -- Residual amount included in rice and medium/short grain
rice domestic usage.
    -- Rice, long grain, and medium/short grain rice average
price for 1985/86 estimates and 1986/87 projections are market
prices and exclude cash retained under the marketing loan since
April, 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15877>
The U.S. Agriculture Department
forecast South Africa's 1986/87 corn crop at 8.50 mln tonnes,
vs 9.50 mln tonnes last month. It estimated the 1985/86 crop at
8.08 mln, vs 8.08 mln last month.
    USDA forecast South African 1986/87 corn exports at 2.10
mln tonnes, vs 3.00 mln tonnes last month, and 1985/86 exports
at 2.75 mln tonnes, vs 2.75 mln tonnes last month.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15890>
Exports of the following commodities
between start of current seasons and April 2, with comparisons,
as reported to USDA by exporters, in thousand tonnes, unless
noted --
               4/2/87    Prev Wk   4/3/86
 Wheat        21,044.6  20,398.3  19,725.8
 Soybeans     14,334.2  14,063.5  14,698.4
 Corn         20,296.0  19,194.6  25,182.6-x
 Sorghum       3,222.5   3,149.7   3,168.9-x
 Soybean Oil     138.4     135.8     179.9
 Soybean Meal  4,098.0   3,880.6   3,141.3
 Cotton        4,333.1   4,204.7   1,510.4
 X-2,059,300 tonnes of corn and 763,800 tonnes of sorghum added
to reflect change in marketing year to Sept-Aug.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15906>
The U.S. Agriculture Department made
the following 1986/87 projections in its world Supply/Demand
report, with comparisons, in mln tonnes, except where noted --
    Total World Grain
               1986/87            1985/86
         04/09/87  03/09/87  04/09/87  03/09/87
 Produc  1,682.31  1,686.11  1,663.69  1,663.70
 Total
 Supply  2,025.71  2,028.45  1,919.18  1,920.13
 Trade-X   212.15    211.89    204.42    203.92
 Usage   1,635.01  1,630.40  1,575.78  1,577.79
 End Stks  390.70    398.05    343.40    342.34
 X-Based on export estimate.
    All Wheat    1986/87           1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stks  137.05   136.48   125.54   125.87
 Production  529.20   528.40   498.97   498.81
 Imports      97.57    98.27    94.56    94.36
 Feed Use    101.79   100.82    90.19    90.56
 Total Domes 517.26   514.89   487.45   488.20
 Exports     101.08   101.20    95.92    95.76
 End Stocks  148.99   149.99   137.05   136.48
  Note - World imports/exports may not balance due to differing
marketing years, grains in transit and reporting discrepancies.
    Coarse Grain
                1986/87           1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks 181.64  181.10    107.80  108.40
 Production  835.21  838.82    844.60  844.84
 Imports      95.66   93.77     95.70   95.18
 Feed Use    514.07  510.20    510.20  510.80
 Total Domes 796.33  793.64    770.76  772.14
 Exports      98.97   98.47     96.02   95.76
 End Stocks  220.52  226.28    181.64  181.10
  Note - World imports/exports may not balance due to differing
marketing years, grain in transit and reporting discrepancies.
    Corn (Mln Tonnes)
                1986/87           1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks 123.08  123.11     61.09   61.75
 Production  477.26  480.29    481.86  481.92
 Imports      61.03   58.59     62.12   62.08
 Feed Use    295.49  289.47    286.53  287.42
 Ttl Domes   444.78  439.80    419.88  420.55
 Exports      62.80   62.10     62.53   62.15
 End Stocks  155.56  163.61    123.08  123.11
  Note - World imports/exports may not balance due to differing
marketing years, grain in transit and reporting discrepancies.

    Soybeans
                1986/87           1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks  23.03   22.84    17.59   17.58
 Production   99.98   99.43    96.74   96.53
 Imports      26.21   26.27    27.08   27.08
 Crushings    79.69   79.33    76.16   76.15
 Ttl Domes    97.53   96.40    92.36   92.34
 Exports      26.45   26.43    26.02   26.01
 End Stocks   25.23   25.71    23.03   22.84
  Note - Imports and exports do not balance due to differing
marketing years and time lags between reported exports and
imports.
    Soybean Meal
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stocks  2.55    2.47     2.79    2.74
 Production   62.71   62.40    60.09   60.09
 Imports      23.47   23.49    23.48   23.47
 Consumption  62.69   62.49    61.06   61.10
 Exports      23.51   23.39    22.76   22.74
 End Stocks    2.52    2.47     2.55    2.47
  Note - Imports and exports may not balance due to differing
marketing years and time lags between reported exports and
imports.
    Soybean Oil
                1986/87          1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stocks  1.61   1.51       1.37   1.36
 Production   14.20  14.13      13.65  13.66
 Imports       3.31   3.29       3.08   3.05
 Consumption  14.02  14.03      13.33  13.40
 Exports       3.33   3.35       3.15   3.16
 End Stocks    1.78   1.54       1.61   1.51
   Note - Imports and exports do not balance due to differing
marketing years and time lags between reported exports and
imports.
    Cotton (Mln Bales)
               1986/87          1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks 45.87   48.14    42.70   43.11
 Production  69.53   69.66    78.94   78.92
 Imports     23.07   23.07    21.49   21.45
 Mill Use    80.72   77.08    76.84   74.79
 Exports     23.37   23.50    20.25   20.28
 End Stocks  34.16   39.99    45.87   48.14
  Note - Imports and exports may not balance due to cotton in
transit and reporting discrepancies in some countries.
    Rice (Milled Basis)
                1986/87          1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stocks 24.71   24.75     22.16   22.16
 Production  317.90  318.90    320.12  320.05
 Imports      10.56   10.63     11.68   11.70
 Dom. Use    321.41  321.87    317.58  317.46
 Exports      12.11   12.22     12.49   12.39
 End Stocks   21.19   21.78     24.71   24.75
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15910>
The U.S. Agriculture Department
detailed world supply/demand data for major importers and
exporters of corn, by country, as follows in mln tonnes --
    USSR CORN
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stocks  N.A.    N.A.     N.A.    N.A.
 Production   12.50   12.50    14.40   14.40
 Imports       8.00    6.00    10.40   10.40
 Domes Use    20.50   19.50    24.40   24.40
 Exports        Nil     Nil      Nil     Nil
 End Stocks    N.A.    N.A.     N.A.    N.A.
 N.A. - Not Available.
    SOUTH AFRICA CORN, in mln tonnes -- 
               1986/87          1985/86
         04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks  1.20   1.20     1.87   1.87
 Production   8.50   9.50     8.08   8.08
 Imports       Nil    Nil     0.01   0.01
 Domes Use    6.10   6.20     6.00   6.00
 Exports      2.10   3.00     2.75   2.75
 End Stocks   1.50   1.50     1.20   1.20
    EC-12 CORN, in mln tonnes --
                1986/87           1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks  5.17    5.28      2.89    2.89
 Production  25.00   25.03     25.70   25.78
 Imports     10.69   10.61     12.82   12.82
 Domes Use   28.20   29.00     29.46   29.60
 Exports      7.91    7.94      6.78    6.61
 End Stocks   4.75    3.98      5.17    5.28
    ARGENTINA CORN, in mln tonnes --
               1986/87           1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks  0.52   0.39       0.39   0.39
 Production  10.00  11.00      12.10  12.10
 Imports       Nil    Nil        Nil    Nil
 Domes Use    4.60   4.60       4.60   4.60
 Exports      5.70   6.50       7.37   7.50
 End Stocks   0.22   0.29       0.52   0.39
    THAILAND CORN, in mln tonnes --
               1986/87           1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stocks 0.43   0.33      0.11   0.11
 Production   4.10   4.10      5.35   5.15
 Imports       Nil    Nil       Nil    Nil
 Domestic Use 1.55   1.35      1.35   1.25
 Exports      2.80   3.00      3.67   3.67
 End Stocks   0.18   0.08      0.43   0.33
    JAPAN CORN, in mln tonnes --
               1986/87           1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks  1.24   1.24       1.06   1.06
 Production    Nil    Nil        Nil    Nil
 Imports     15.50  15.44      14.55  14.55
 Domes Use   15.51  15.45      14.37  14.37
 Exports       Nil    Nil        Nil    Nil
 End Stocks   1.24   1.24       1.24   1.24
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15911>
The U.S. Agriculture Department said
private U.S. exporters reported sales of 200,000 tonnes of
wheat to Jordan, 300,000 tonnes of soybean meal to Iraq and
100,000 tonnes of corn to Algeria.
    The wheat for Jordan includes 165,000 tonnes of hard red
winter and 35,000 tonnes of soft red winter and is for delivery
during the 1987/88 marketing year.
    The soybean meal sales to Iraq includes 180,000 tonnes for
delivery during the 1986/87 season and 120,000 tonnes during
the 1987/88 season, the department said.
    The 100,000 tonnes of corn sales to Algeria are for
delivery during the 1986/87 season, it said.
    The marketing year for wheat begins June 1, corn September
1, and soybean meal October 1.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15917>
Argentine grain board preliminary
figures show 1986/87 crop export registrations of grains and
oilseeds in the week to April 8, were as follows, in tonnes,
compared with the previous week and the comparable week a year
earlier.
    BREAD WHEAT         nil        nil       nil
    MAIZE              113,500    21,800    51,300
    SORGHUM             13,600      nil     26,500
    SOYBEAN             30,000    36,000    72,000
    SUNFLOWERSEED        nil        nil     19,100
    Cumulative figures export registrations for the 1986/87
crop to April 8, 1987, with comparative figures for the 1985/86
crop up to April 9, 1986, in brackets, were in thousands of
tonnes.
    BREAD WHEAT            2,692,4    (4,161.0)
    MAIZE                  2,305.1    (5,200.0)
    SORGHUM                  220.5      (625.7)
    SOYBEAN                  561.3      (524.5)
    SUNFLOWERSEED             45.7      (213.2)
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15952>
The U.S. Agriculture Department
reported the farmer-owned reserve national five-day average
price through April 8 as follows (Dlrs/Bu-Sorghum Cwt) -
         Natl   Loan           Release   Call
         Avge   Rate-X  Level    Price  Price
 Wheat   2.62   2.40       IV     4.65     --
                            V     4.65     --
                           VI     4.45     --
 Corn    1.38   1.92       IV     3.15   3.15
                            V     3.25     --
 X - 1986 Rates.
          Natl   Loan          Release   Call
          Avge   Rate-X  Level   Price  Price
 Oats     1.58   0.99        V    1.65    -- 
 Barley   1.55   1.56       IV    2.55   2.55
                             V    2.65    -- 
 Sorghum  2.54   3.25-Y     IV    5.36   5.36
                             V    5.54    -- 
    Reserves I, II and III have matured. Level IV reflects
grain entered after Oct 6, 1981 for feedgrain and after July
23, 1981 for wheat. Level V wheat/barley after 5/14/82,
corn/sorghum after 7/1/82. Level VI covers wheat entered after
January 19, 1984.  X-1986 rates. Y-dlrs per CWT (100 lbs).
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15999>
There were 287,700 tonnes of U.S.
corn shipped to the Soviet Union in the week ended April 2,
according to the U.S. Agriculture Department's latest Export
Sales report.
    That compares with 106,200 tonnes shipped in the prior
week.
    There were no wheat or soybean shipments during the week.
    The USSR has purchased 2,825,600 tonnes of U.S. corn, as of
April 2, for delivery in the fourth year of the U.S.-USSR grain
agreement.
    Total shipments in the third year of the U.S.-USSR grains
agreement, which ended September 30, amounted to 152,600 tonnes
of wheat, 6,808,100 tonnes of corn and 1,518,700 tonnes of
soybeans.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16012>
Egypt is expected to tender April 22
for 500,000 tonnes of corn for May through September shipments,
private export sources said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16071>
The Argentine grain market was
quiet in the week to Wednesday, with prices rising slightly on
increased interest in wheat, millet and birdseed.
    Wheat for domestic consumption rose six Australs per tonne
to 118.
    For export it rose eight to 108 per tonne from Bahia
Blanca, increased 0.50 to 104 at Necochea and was unchanged at
Rosario at 108.30.
    Maize increased one to 90 per tonne at Buenos Aires, was
unchanged at 82 in Bahia Blanca, increased 0.50 to 85 at
Necochea and fell one to 88 at Parana River ports.
    Sorghum from Bahia Blanca increased 0.50 Australs to 76.50
per tonne and dropped one to 75 at Rosario.
    It was quoted at 75 at Villa Constitucion, San Nicolas and
Puerto Alvear.
    Oats were unchanged at 168 per tonne at Buenos Aires.
    Millet from Buenos Aires and Rosario rose five per tonne to
140 and birdseed rose 15 to 205 at Buenos Aires.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16099>
A prolonged dry spell has damaged
111,350 hectares of rice and corn plantations in 10 provinces
in the central and southern Philippines, agriculture officials
said.
    They said some 71,070 tonnes of agricultural produce
estimated at about 250 mln pesos was lost to the lack of
rainfall. They warned of a severe drought if the prevailing
conditions continued until next month.
    Agriculture Secretary Carlos Dominguez said he hoped the
losses would be offset by the expected increase in output in
other, normally more productive areas not affected by the dry
spell.
    Affected were 14,030 hectares of palay (unmilled rice),
representing a production loss of 22,250 tonnes valued at 77.8
mln pesos, Department of Agriculture reports said.
    About 48,820 tonnes of corn from 97,320 hectares valued at
170.8 mln pesos have also been lost, they said.
    Officials said the hectarage planted to palay that has been
hit by the drought accounted for only one pct of national total
thus the damage is considered negligible.
    In the case of corn, they said the loss can be filled by
production from non-traditional corn farms which diversified
into the cash crop from sugar two years ago.
     The Philippine Coconut Authority said coconut production
in the major producing region of Bicol might drop by 25 pct to
320,000 tonnes if the dry spell continued. There were no
reports of actual damage.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16147>
China has raised the state purchase
prices of corn, rice, cottonseed and shelled peanuts from April
1 to encourage farmers to grow them, the official China
Commercial Daily said.
    The paper said the price paid for corn from 14 northern
provinces, cities and regions has increased by one yuan per 50
kg. A foreign agricultural expert said the rise will take the
price to 17 fen per jin (0.5 kg) from 16 fen.
    The paper said the price for long-grained rice from 10
southern provinces and cities was raised by 1.5 yuan per 50 kg.
    The paper said the price for round-grained rice from 11
provinces, regions and cities in central, east and northwest
China has been increased by 1.75 yuan per 50 kg. It gave no
more price details.
    It said local authorities must inform farmers of the price
increases before farmers begin planting, to encourage
production of grains and oilseeds.
    Chinese officials have said farmers are unwilling to grow
grain because they can earn more from other crops.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16525>
Grain traders and analysts expect
today's weekly U.S. corn export inspection figure to be well
above last year, with wheat slightly better and soybeans about
the same.
    Corn export inspection guesses ranged from 40.0 to 44.0 mln
bushels for the week ended April 9, compared up 46.6 mln
inspected a week earlier and 15.2 mln in the year-ago week.
    Soybean export estimates ranged from 12.0 to 15.0 mln
bushels versus 10.8 mln exported last week and 13.2 mln last
year.
    Export guesses for all wheat ranged from 16.0 to 20.0 mln
bushels, compared with 16.4 mln last week and 11.2 mln last
year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16751>
Taiwan imported about 210,000 tonnes of
South African maize between January 1 and April 13, the joint
committee of local maize importers said.
    Under a three-year agreement signed last year, South Africa
will export 600,000 tonnes of maize a year to Taiwan.
    A committee spokesman told Reuters the rest of this year's
quota will be shipped during the rest of 1987.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16765>
At least 60,000 tonnes of corn worth 240
mln pesos have been smuggled into the Philippines over the past
few months, the Manila Bulletin newspaper said, quoting an
official in the National Food Authority (NFA).
    The official, who was not named, said a large corn shortage
and corruption among customs and Coast Guard personnel have
jeopardised the government's ban on corn imports, which was
aimed at saving foreign currency.
    The newspaper quoted NFA Marketing Director Jig Tan as
saying monthly corn consumption stood at about 331,000 tonnes
against a national stock inventory of 191,732 tonnes.
    Tan said a continuing drought affecting about 49,150
hectares of corn has led to the loss of 43,725 tonnes of corn
worth 174.9 mln pesos and contributed to the shortage.
    The newspaper quoted Linda Geraldez, an NFA statistician,
as saying despite the drought and the shortage, the total
inventory at the end of the January/June crop season is
expected to be at least 201,000 tonnes.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17503>
The U.S. Department of Agriculture's
forecast that French end-of-season soft wheat stocks will
almost double in 1987/88 is premature but would not be
surprising, according to French cereal organisation officials.
    The Cereals Intervention Board, ONIC, Wheat Producers'
Association and the National Union of Agricultural and Cereal
Cooperatives have not yet forecast 1987/88 exports or
end-of-season stocks.
    However, the officials said the USDA's figure of end
1987/88 stocks at 5.03 mln tonnes against 1986/87's 2.87 mln
was not surprising given a record high yield forecast in April.
    The French Feed Cereals Research Institute, ITCF, forecast
in mid-April an average yield of 6.58 tonnes per hectare for
soft wheat in 1987/88 compared with 5.6 tonnes in 1986/87 and
the record high yield of 6.5/6.6 tonnes in 1984.
    This would result in a French soft wheat harvest of around
31 mln tonnes against 25.5 mln in 1986/87, given a Ministry of
Agriculture estimate of area planted of 4.66 mln hectares
against 4.61 mln in 1986/87.
    ONIC's first preliminary forecast of the 1987/88 campaign
will be released at the beginning of September, an ONIC
official said.
    Soft wheat exports in 1987/88 were extremely difficult to
estimate at this stage, both within the European Community and
to non-EC countries, an ONIC official said.
    He said, however, that among countries to which France
could increase its wheat exports were Egypt and the Maghreb
countries (Morocco, Algeria and Tunisia), he said.
    The USDA's forecast of an 11.65 mln tonne maize crop in
1987/88 against 11.48 mln in 1986/87, while again premature,
was not out of line with estimates of the French Maize
Producers Association, AGPM, an AGPM official said.
    Maize plantings would be down in 1987/88 but yields were
expected to be higher, the AGPM official said.
    It estimated 1987/88 maize plantings of 1.73 mln hectares,
down seven pct from the 1.87 mln hectares planted in 1986/87.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17509>
The Zambian government today announced
minor price cuts for essential commodities as part of its new
economic strategy, while police and troops patrolled the
northern Copperbelt to prevent any outbreaks of rioting.
    However, staple foods, such as bread, sugar and maize meal,
were not affected by the cuts and many people said this could
provoke trouble from disgruntled elements who had expected more
sweeping reductions.
    Observers in the capital expressed disillusionment with the
small extent of the price cuts, which ranged up to 10 pct on
items such as blankets, soap, detergents and baby food.
    Residents in the Copperbelt contacted by telephone said
government forces had set up roadblocks around the main towns.
    In Lusaka, business went on as usual and there was no sign
of troops or police reinforcements on the streets.
    President Kaunda had ordered the price reductions to take
account of lower import costs following the revaluation of the
kwacha to a fixed rate of eight per dlr from 21 on May 1.
    The revaluation formed part of a new go-it-alone economic
strategy which Kaunda adopted to replace Zambia's IMF austerity
program.
    Labour leaders in the Copperbelt said last week gangs of
unemployed youths were being formed in the politically volatile
region to take action against shops that did not reduce their
prices after today's deadline. Fifteen people were killed in
the Copperbelt during food riots last December after the
government tried to lift maize subsidies.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18035>
The House Agriculture Committee voted
to make approximately 2.8 billion dlrs of feedgrains deficiency
payments immediately instead of in the late fall.
    A similar measure was decisively defeated on the Senate
floor last week.
    The bill, which passed by a voice vote, would allow
so-called Findley payments to be made immediately rather than
late this year. Payments for 1987-90 feedgrains crops would not
be changed.
    Because the bill would move 2.8 billion dlrs of spending
into fiscal 1987 from fiscal 1988, the measure is expected to
meet stiff resistance in the full House.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18482>
Japanese compound feed output rose 2.3 pct
to 25.80 mln tonnes in 1986/87 ended March 31 from 25.23 mln a
year earlier, the Agriculture Ministry said.
    The marginal rise reflected slight growth in demand for
poultry raising and a moderate increase in demand for beef
cattle raising, Ministry officials said.
    Compound feed sales totalled 26.01 mln tonnes in 1986/87
against 25.40 mln a year ago, while end-March stocks were
217,554 tonnes against 224,101.
    Corn use in feed output in 1986/87 rose to 11.71 mln tonnes
from 11.02 mln a year earlier due to low import prices.
    The officials said corn imports rose because the world
surplus and the yen's strength against the dollar reduced
Chicago prices. The corn compounding ratio rose to 45.2 pct in
1986/87 from 43.4 pct a year earlier.
    Sorghum use rose marginally to 4.80 mln tonnes in 1986/87
from 4.79 mln, but the compounding ratio fell to 18.5 pct from
18.9 pct because of greater corn use. Higher import prices due
to poor harvests last year in major producing nations such as
Argentina made feed makers reluctant to use sorghum.
    Soybean meal use fell to 2.58 mln tonnes from 2.63 mln and
the compounding ratio declined to 10.0 pct from 10.3 pct.
    The drop in soybean meal consumption resulted from
increased use of cheaper rapeseed meal, the officials said.
    Rapeseed consumption in 1986/87 was 563,889 tonnes against
528,152 a year earlier. The compounding ratio rose to 2.2 pct
from 2.1 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18614>
U.S. House and Senate budget
negotiators agreed as part of an overall budget accord reached
yesterday, to cut 1.25 billion dlrs from fiscal 1988 spending
on agricultural programs, Congressional sources told Reuters.
    The agreed cut in farm programs is a compromise between 1.4
billion sought by the Senate and one billion by the House.
    The negotiators also agreed to cut 1.6 billion from the
farm budget in fiscal 1989 and 2.45 billion in 1990, for a
total of 5.3 billion in saving over three years, sources said.
    The agreement presents the House and Senate Agriculture
committees with difficult choices on how to make changes in
agriculture programs that achieve the budget savings targets
without jeopardizing popular support payments, senior
Congressional aides told Reuters.
    Some farm state lawmakers already are manuevering to find
the budget savings.
    Rep. Dan Glickman, D-Kan., Chairman of the House grains
subcommittee, has introduced a bill which would freeze wheat
and corn loan rates for the 1988 crop at the current 2.28 dlrs
and 1.92 dlrs respectively, saying it would save 500 mln dlrs.
    House Agriculture Committee chairman Kika De la Garza has
said the committee will consider the Glickman proposal.
    But Congressional sources said the proposal is unlikely to
be approved because of opposition from Republican lawmakers and
a strong stance by Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng, who said
freezing loan rates would send the wrong signal to other major
grain export competitors and would not achieve the budget
savings Glickman claims.
    Another area where Glickman and other have said budget
savings might be made is to increase acreage reduction program,
ARP, levels for wheat and corn.
    However, on this issue also Lyng has taken a strong stand
within the Reagan administration, arguing that the 1988 crop
wheat acreage reduction should be left at 27.5 pct and not 30
pct as sought by the Office of Management and Budget, OMB. Most
commodity lobbyists expect Lyng to prevail.
    Congressional sources said the only way to achieve
significant budget cuts through ARP increases would be to boost
the 1988 corn ARP. But one informed Congressional source said
singling-out corn for an ARP increase would would be seen as
unfair to one commodity.
    Congressional sources said the areas where Congress is most
likely to eventually look for budget savings are some
tightening of the payment limitation rules, and possible 
adoption of a 0/92 program for the 1988 crops of major grains.
    Those changes would achieve a portion of the 1.25 billion
but not enough, they said.
    Ultimately, Congressional sources said the agriculture
committees may be forced to apply an across-the-board cut on
all Commodity Credit Corp. payments to farmers, including price
support loans and deficiency payments, similar to the
Gramm-Rudman-Hollings budget cut applied in fiscal 1986.
    This idea has been suggested by the American Farm Bureau
Federation, AFBF, as the fairest approach for all commodities.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18954>
China has added 30,000 tonnes of U.S.
corn to its previous commitments, according to the U.S.
Agriculture Department's latest Export Sales report.
    The report, covering transactions in the week June 11, the
additional corn resulted from changes in destinations.
    Total corn commitments for delivery in the 1986/87 season
amount to 1,083,400 tonnes.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18973>
Sen. Tom Harkin, D-Iowa, defended his
controversial mandatory supply control farm bill and said U.S.
farmers should be allowed to vote in a referendum whether they
approve of the proposal.
    The Harkin proposal would set loan rates of 5.17 dlrs per
bushel for wheat, 3.77 dlrs for corn and 9.32 dlrs for
soybeans, all to be put in effect under strict controls on
planted acreage reductions. Present loan rates are 2.28 dlrs
for wheat, 1.92 for corn, and effectively 4.56 for soybeans.
    Also under the plan, the U.S. would seek a world market
sharing cartel with the European Community and other exporting
nations, to share-out export markets, Harkin said during the
first of several Senate Agriculture subcommittee hearings
examining farm programs.
    Harkin made the following claims in testimony on his
"Family Farm Act."
    -- The mandatory control bill would increase farm income
and reduce government spending on agriculture.
    -- Harkin said his policy of high price supports would not
ruin U.S. agricultural exports as critics claim, but would
increase overall revenue from exports.
    This would be done by seeking agreement among major
exporting countries including the European Community on market
sharing at agreed high prices.
    Sen. Christopher Bond, R-Mo., countered during the hearing
that such a grain export cartel is not workable.
    -- Harkin acknowledged that higher commodity price supports
would be passed onto consumers, but he said high food prices
stem more from "gouging" by food processing companies than from
high farm product prices.
    Harkin cited what he termed "excessive" net returns on
equity over five years of 33.4 pct at Kellogg, 31.9 pct
Monfort, 22.8 pct Nabisco, 22.8 pct ConAgra, 21.2 pct H.J.
Heinz, 19.1 pct Ralston Purina, 17.2 pct Pillsbury and 16.7 pct
Quaker Oats.
    -- Harkin said a "legitimate" concern about his bill would
be the impact of higher prices on livestock producers.
    He said as a transition to the higher prices, he would
allow livestock producers to purchase Commodity Credit Corp.
grain stocks for three years.
    Thereafter, livestock farmers would benefit from a
"predictable and stable" grain price, he said.
    -- Harkin said that under his policy approach farm
participation would be no more "mandatory" than the current
farm program. He said farmers now must participate in farm
programs in order to receive credit for planting and to protect
farm income.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19165>
Ghana has lifted a ban on rice and maize
imports due to crop problems caused by unusually dry weather,
the official Ghana News Agency (GNA) reported today.
    Secretary for Finance and Economic Planning Kwesi Botchwey
made the announcement last night while accepting 7,891 tonnes
of rice worth about four mln dlrs under a Japanese food aid
programme.
    The lifting of the ban, imposed earlier this year, follows
government concern over "lower than average rainfall in southern
Ghana and its implications for the major harvest."
    Botchwey said rain has been lacking in major cereal growing
areas throughout the south this year. The Ministry of
Agriculture has predicted a fall of at least 25 pct in all
major staple crops including maize, rice and cassava.
    GNA quoted Botchwey as saying that while the consequences
of current reduced rainfall will be nowhere near the drought
experiences of 1982/83 the government has taken steps to
alleviate anticipated food production shortfalls.
    The failure of seasonal rains has already seriously
affected drinking water supplies, farming and fishing in parts
of the Central and Volta regions of Ghana where rivers have
dried up.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19721>
Weekend rain over the Western Corn Belt
brought further relief to crop areas that had been dry earlier
this month, and developing weather patterns will bring welcome
moisture to central and eastern belt locations this week,
according to Dale Mohler, senior meteorologist for Accu-Weather
Inc.
    "There is going to be more rain for the next two, three
days," he said. "We're in a fairly wet pattern with normal to
above normal moisture this week."
    Mohler said rainfall averaged 1/2 inch across southern
Minnesota, 3/4 inch over southwest Iowa, one inch in eastern
Nebraska and 1-1/2 inches in south-central Nebraska.
    Illinois fields saw virtually no rain over the weekend but
were receiving scattered thundershower activity today, he said.
    Rain patterns will move across Indiana to Ohio with
thudershower activity yielding to more general rains, he said.
    "Tomorrow, that eastern area will get 1/4 to one inch, a
pretty good rain," Mohler said.
    Rain was heavier than expected over the weekend, sparking
an early selloff in soybean futures at the Chicago Board of
Trade. Prices were off 14 to 20-1/2 cents with November off
19-1/2 cents at 5.43-1/2 dlrs.
    Mohler said the cold front now over the eastern belt is
expected to move over the central Midwest, then move north
later in the week. That could bring new rain patterns across
the Corn Belt and assure good crop conditions as
early-developed corn moves into the crucial pollination stage
in early July, he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20018>
Tanzania has arranged to sell
53,000 tonnes of maize to Malawi, Mozambique and Zaire, radio
Tanzania said.
    The radio said the grain would be delivered soon, but gave
no details about the value of the sales.
    Tanzania is expecting a record maize harvest of 2.3 mln
tonnes in the 1987/88 financial year ending June, up from a
bumper crop of 2.1 mln in 1986/87.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20366>
Rumors circulated among the trade
this morning that the USSR may have purchased between one and
two mln tonnes of U.S. corn, but there was no confirmation.
    One dealer said he felt some business had been done, but
that the amount probably was on the low end of trade estimates.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20645>
Private exporters reported sales of
125,000 tonnes of U.S. corn to the Soviet Union for delivery
during the 1987/88 season and under the fifth year of the Long
Term Grain Supply Agreement.
    The department noted the sales are the first reported for
delivery during the fifth year of the Agreement, which began
October 1, 1987.
    Sales of wheat and corn to the USSR for delivery during the
fourth year of the agreement totaled 8,182,500 tonnes --
4,080,500 tonnes of wheat and 4,102,300 tonnes of corn. In
addition, sales of soybeans totaled 68,200 tonnes, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20649>
Spanish farm minister Carlos Romero,
speaking at a meeting of EC farm ministers, called for action
to help the Spanish maize market, Spanish diplomatic sources
said.
    Spain is threatened with massive imports from third
countries by the end of the year, they said.
    They said the imports are due to come in as a result of the
accord by which the EC has promised the United States it will
import two mln tonnes of maize and 300,000 tonnes of sorghum
into Spain from third countries this year.
    Around a sixth of this tonnage has so far come in under a
reduced levy system and the EC cereals management committee may
decide this week to authorise the Spanish intervention board to
make direct purchases.
    The sources said Romero urged that other EC countries
should take some of the imports to prevent disturbance of the
Spanish market.
    They said he threatened to withhold support for the EC
Commission plan for new limits on farm output which if breached
would mean price cuts unless Spain received some help.
    The sources said no direct reply was given to Romero at the
meeting.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20723>
El Salvador will tender October 26 for
approximately 26,000 tonnes soybean meal, valued at up to 5.6
mln dlrs, and about 24,500 tonnes bulk corn, with a value of
2.0 mln dlrs, under PL-480 financing, an agent for the country
said.
    It said the country is seeking soymeal with 48 pct protein
minimum, 12 pct moisture maximum, and 3.5 pct maximum crude
fiber for delivery from November 15-30.
    The U.S. no. 2 or better yellow corn, with 14.5 pct
moisture maximum, is for delivery from November 8-25.
    Offers on the soymeal and corn are due at 1530 hrs EDT
(1930 gmt) Oct 26, and will remain valid until 1000 hrs EDT the
next day, the agent said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20763>
The Canadian Import Tribunal said the
countervailing duty on U.S. corn imports should be cut to 30
Canadian cts a bushel from 1.10 dlrs a bushel.
    In a report to the Canadian finance department, the
tribunal said the duty is hurting Canadian farmers and food
processors. The duty was imposed last year after the revenue
department found U.S. corn production was subsidized.
    It is now up to the government to decide whether to change
the duty.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21243>
The Senate Agriculture Committee was
expected to consider proposals that would limit adjustments in
county loan rate differentials which trigger larger corn and
wheat acreage reduction requirements, Senate staff said.
    A budget-saving proposal drafted by chairman Patrick Leahy
(D-Vt) would limit adjustments in county loan rate
differentials to no more than one pct per year from the
national average loan rate, starting with 1988 crops.
    The plan also would allow the Agriculture Secretary to
increase the unpaid acreage reduction requirement for corn by
"an appropriate amount to generate savings" if projected corn
stocks exceeded 6.0 billion bushels.
    Leahy's proposal would also allow a larger 1988 wheat set
aside if projected stocks surpassed 1.9 billion bushels.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21493>
Thai traders plan to establish a company
to regulate maize forward trading, in what could be a first
step towards a commodities futures exchange, maize dealers
said.
    Traders and Internal Trade Department officials agreed last
week to commission a study on a structure to regulate maize
forward trading and to set up a company, Thailand Commodity
Exchange Co Ltd, with 30 businesses as shareholders who will
act as brokers in the futures market.
    Chanthong Pattamapong, a commodities trader asked to to
draw up the study, said if the maize futures market succeeds it
may be extended to other commodities, perhaps sugar and rubber.
 REUTER
</BODY>
