<BODY DOCID=14891>
Kuwait's oil-reliant and debt-ridden
economy has started to pull out of a nosedive but oil prices
will determine the pace of recovery, bankers and economists
say.
    Crucial will be the ability of the 13-member OPEC to hold
oil prices around a new benchmark of 18 dlrs a barrel in the
northern hemisphere summer when demand usually slackens.
    Bankers estimate the economy, measured in terms of gross
domestic product (gdp), shrank 19 pct in real terms last year
after contracting 8.1 pct the year before.
    This was after taking into account inflation in consumer
prices of 1.5 pct in 1985, slowing to 1.0 pct in 1986.
    Factors depressing economic activity include the
6-1/2-year-old Iran-Iraq war on Kuwait's doorstep, which
threatens the emirate's vital oil export lifeline through the
Gulf and has sapped business confidence.
    But sentiment received a much-needed boost in September
when, after a series of piecemeal steps to combat a debt crisis
caused by the 1982 crash of local stock market, a comprehensive
new debt settlement program was introduced.
    The share crash, result of a speculative spree in forward
trading, left 95 billion dlrs of post-dated cheques in default.
    The cheques were also used as collateral for consumer
spending, thus generating an informal credit system.
    Much of the debt has been watered down but big sums are
still owed by individuals and companies.
    There was some 4.4 billion dinars (about 15.7 billion dlrs)
in outstanding bank credit at the end of 1986, of which
one-quarter to one-third was estimated by bankers to rank as
bad or doubtful debt. But the government has repeatedly said it
will not allow any banks to go under.
    The new debt settlement scheme entails a rescheduling of
problem credit over 10 to 15 years, depending on whether
debtors have regular cash flows or not.
    Banks' shareholders and depositors will have their rights
guaranteed by the government -- an edict of vital significance
in a country of only 1.7 mln people where the financial sector
is the biggest after oil.
    Kuwait is better placed than any other OPEC country to ride
out the oil glut, bankers and economists say.
    Kuwait has an OPEC quota of 948,000 barrels per day (bpd)
compared with production capacity of 4.0 mln bpd mentioned last
year by Oil Minister Sheikh Ali al-Khalifa al-Sabah.
    But strategic diversification into downstream operations in
Europe several years ago and a hefty refining investment at
home gives it guaranteed markets abroad and enables it to sell
over one-half of its output as high-grade refined oil products.
    Oil industry sources say Kuwait is able to get an average
2.00 dlrs a barrel more by selling oil in the form of processed
product such as gas oil, kerosene and naphtha, rather than as
crude.
    Bankers say the rebound in oil prices is the major reason
for cautious optimism. Other reasons are low domestic
inflation, a bottoming out of the fall in imports in recent
years and signs government spending on productive sectors will
remain steady.
    External accounts are in good shape, with an estimated 1.8
billion dinar current account surplus in 1986, 16 pct below
that for 1985, but still an achievement in the recession-hit
Gulf.
    Kuwait's petrodollar reserves in mid-1986 were put
officially at over 80 billion dlrs, earning investment income
of the equivalent of about 3.65 billion dlrs a year.
    But for the first time since the end of the oil boom, these
reserves may not be enough to prevent a "real" budget deficit for
the 1986/87 fiscal year ending June 30, bankers say.
    In a budget portrayed by bankers as mildly contractionary,
revenues for 1986/87 were cut 38.6 pct and spending 11 pct,
doubling the nominal deficit to 1.33 billion dinars.
    This left out income from state reserves, usually excluded
in official budget accounting, which are forecast by bankers at
up to 1.0 billion dinars in 1986/87, resulting in some
shortfall.
    Bankers say it is too early to venture a forecast for
economic growth this year or next.
    "It depends on oil prices," one said. "This summer is
important."
    Cabinet Affairs Minister Rashid al-Rashid said last Sunday
the cabinet has ratified recommendations to rationalise state
spending in favour of productive sectors and reactivate the
economy.
    He gave no details but bankers say these are expected to be
spelled out in the 1987/88 budget, possibly in June.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14918>
Inflation was by 8.8 pct in Indonesia
during fiscal 1986/87 to March 31, compared to 5.66 pct the
previous year, Information Minister Harmoko said after a
cabinet session to discuss the economic situation.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16103>
Hungary has announced sharp price
increases for a range of food and consumer products as part of
its efforts to curb a soaring budget deficit.
    The official MTI news agency said the government decided
consumer price subsidies had to be cut to reduce state
spending. From today the price of meat will rise by an average
18 pct and that of beer and spirits by 10 pct, MTI said.
    MTI said consumer goods will also become more expensive,
with the price of refrigerators rising some five pct. It also
announced a number of measures to ease hardship, including
higher pensions and family allowances.
    Statistics indicate the budget deficit tripled in 1986 to
47 billion forints. Central banker Janos Fekete has said the
Finance Ministry is trying to cut the 1987 shortfall to between
30 and 35 billion from a planned 43.8 billion.
    A major tax reform, including the introduction of a
Western-style valued added tax, is planned for January 1988 in
an effort to cure problems in state spending.
    But diplomats said the latest announcement shows the
authorities were forced to act quickly to keep this year's
deficit under control.
    The measures are also aimed at cooling an overheated
economy, and could help dampen Hungarians' appetite for
imported Western goods which consume increasingly expensive
hard currency, the diplomats said.
    The diplomats also said, however, that they did not expect
the kind of social unrest that followed sharp price rises in
other East Bloc states, notably Poland.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16108>
The government must announce harsh cuts
in spending in its May 14 economic statement if it is to give
an adequate response to Australia's economic problems, the ANZ
Banking Group Ltd &lt;ANZA.S> said.
    Cuts of two billion dlrs would be insufficient against the
backdrop of a 12 billion dlr government deficit and a 14
billion dlr current account deficit, it said in its monthly
Business Indicators publication.
    "For the past two years, the government has struggled with
an economic reality that demands measures beyond those which it
sees as politically practicable," it said.
    The political climate meant there would be a continued
over-reliance on monetary policy to hold the exchange rate and
maintain confidence in economic management, ANZ said.
    "The cost of this approach is that the much-needed revival
of business investment will be further postponed," it said.
    The economy was now on a modest growth upswing boosted by
export and import-replacement industries which had created a
false suggestion that the worst adjustments to the balance of
payments crisis were past. "Unfortunately, successful adjustment
to Australia's deep-seated economic problems remains a
long-term process," it said.
    In its economic forecasts, ANZ said it expected moderate
overall economic growth with gross domestic product (GDP)
rising 2.7 pct this year and 2.4 pct in 1988.
    The current account deficit would narrow to five pct of GDP
this year and 4.3 pct in 1988 and net foreign debt would grow
strongly from 81 billion at the end of 1986 to 97.2 billion at
end-1987 and 110.3 billion a year later.
    Inflation would fall to 8.5 pct in 1987 and 7.5 pct in 1988
from 8.9 pct in 1986 and further falls in real wages were
expected, ANZ said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16118>
National Bank economic data for 1986
shows that Yugoslavia's trade deficit grew, the inflation rate
rose, wages were sharply higher, the money supply expanded and
the value of the dinar fell.
    The trade deficit for 1986 was 2.012 billion dlrs, 25.7 pct
higher than in 1985. The trend continued in the first three
months of this year as exports dropped by 17.8 pct, in hard
currency terms, to 2.124 billion dlrs.
    Yugoslavia this year started quoting trade figures in
dinars based on current exchange rates, instead of dollars
based on a fixed exchange rate of 264.53 dinars per dollar.
    Yugoslavia's balance of payments surplus with the
convertible currency area fell to 245 mln dlrs in 1986 from 344
mln in 1985. The National Bank said the drop was due to a
deterioration in trade. Exports to the convertible currency
area rose 11.6 pct from 1985, while imports rose 17.8 pct.
    Retail prices rose an average of 88.1 pct in 1986 while
industrial producer prices rose by 70.6 pct, the bank's data
showed. The cost of living rose by 89.1 pct.
    Personal incomes rose by 109 pct in 1986.
    Prime Minister Branko Mikulic warned in February that wages
were too high given the level of productivity.
    Mikulic introduced a law cutting wages to the level of the
last quarter of 1986 and tying future rises to productivity.
    Bank statistics show the overall 1986 rise in M-1 money
supply was 109.1 pct with a year-end position of 3,895.9
billion dinars. Yugoslavs have 9.8 billion dlrs worth of
foreign currency savings in the country and 20 billion dlrs
abroad, mostly owned by workers employed in western Europe.
    The dinar fell by 73.1 pct against a basket of hard
currencies in 1986. The highest depreciation was against the
Swiss franc, 85.3 pct, and the lowest against the U.S. Dollar,
46.2 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16134>
Bangladesh's cost of living index fell
1.09 pct in January to 479, after a 1.6 pct decline to 484.28
in December (1973-74 base 100), the Bureau of Statistics said.
    The cost of living index fell 0.14 pct to 434.49 in January
1986.
    In the year to January, inflation ran at 10.24 pct after an
11.3 pct rate a month earlier and 9.72 pct a year earlier.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16158>
The five leading West German economic
research institutes have failed to agree about how strongly the
domestic economy will expand this year but revised down
forecasts contained in a report published six months ago.
    The three research groups of Kiel, Hamburg and Essen
predicted in the institutes' joint spring report that gross
national product (GNP) would rise by two pct in 1987, compared
with 2.4 pct in 1986. The five institutes had jointly forecast
three pct 1987 growth in October last year.
    Taking a dissenting view, the DIW institute of West Berlin
and Munich's Ifo institute predicted only one pct 1987 growth.
    The joint report said that the estimates of economic
development made by the DIW and Ifo were "markedly less
favourable" than those of the other three.
    The DIW and Ifo forecast the economy would pick up after a
slow start to the year. "In the second half of 1987 there will,
however, only be a weak upward movement," they said.
    The two institutes said external economic factors which
were currently damaging exports and pushing up imports would
dominate the economic environment throughout the year. They saw
exports falling by a real 2-1/2 pct in 1987 and predicted no
marked improvement in the course of the year.
    The other three institutes, however, wrote: "The decline in
demand and production (seen) in the winter months does not
indicate the beginning of a cyclical downswing."
    They said the sharp rise of the mark had led to corporate
uncertainty and companies had not carried out investment plans.
But they expected that many investments had not been cancelled
but only put off. "It can be presumed that the braking actions
(on the economy) will diminish markedly this year."
    They added: "The domestic prerequisites for a continuation
of the economic uptrend are still favourable."
    These three institutes said diminishing external burdens
combined with favourable domestic conditions meant an upturn in
demand and production could be expected by the spring.
    However, this projection was clouded by risks including the
further development of the mark against the dollar.
    Contrary to the DIW and Ifo, the three institutes said that
while exports would continue to be the weak point of the
economy in 1987, "there is good reason to believe that exports
will soon bottom out and that a slight rise will emerge during
the course of the year." They predicted an overall 0.5 pct fall
in exports in 1987, the same as in 1986.
    The three more positive institutes saw private consumption
rising by four pct in 1987, compared with 4.2 pct in 1986,
while DIW and Ifo predicted a three pct increase.
    They saw the climate for equipment investment improving but
predicted only a rise of four pct in 1987 against 4.6 pct in
1986. Ifo and DIW saw these investments rising by only two pct.
    All the institutes predicted only a slight decline in
unemployment. The Kiel, Hamburg and Essen institutes said the
jobless total would average 2.17 mln in 1987 compared with 2.23
mln in 1986 and predicted a rise in the number of people in
work of about 200,000.
    These three institutes said new jobs would be created
mainly in the private services sector and also by the state in
the context of job creation measures. The construction industry
was likely to engage new workers for the first time since 1980
but they predicted either no rise in employment in the
manufactured goods industry or only a slight expansion.
    The DIW and Ifo said rises in employment would occur only
in the tertiary sector, while "the number employed in the
manufacturing industry will decline."
    The DIW and Ifo said unemployment would only decline to
2.20 mln in 1987 from 2.23 mln in 1986.
    They saw the current account surplus falling in 1987 to 58
billion marks from 78 billion in 1986. The other three saw a
current account surplus in 1987 of at least 60 billion marks
and predicted that the trade surplus would fall to only around
100 billion marks from 112 billion in 1986.
    The institutes agreed that consumer prices would start to
rise in 1987, after they declined in 1986, and all five
predicted an average increase over the year of 0.5 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16226>
Portugal's economy, which has been
enjoying one of its most buoyant periods in more than a decade,
may now be strong enough to shrug off the country's latest
government crisis, analysts said.
    But the April 3 ousting of Prime Minister Anibal Cavaco
Silva's government could slow economic reforms and investment
as Portugal continues to adapt to membership in the European
Community, which it joined in January last year, they said.
    Cavaco Silva's minority Social Democratic Party, PSD, was
toppled in a parliamentary censure vote by left-wing parties.
    The centre-right administration had made economic growth
reform a priority in its 17 months in office.
    In 1986, Portugal's economy grew four pct, its current
account surplus swelled to more than one billion dlrs and
inflation fell to 10 pct, from 20 pct in 1985.
    Analysts and businessmen said the prospects of instability
were worrying but they felt the foundations for continued
growth had not been badly shaken.
    "The economy has developed a certain self-confidence that is
now less dependent on the political situation," said Fritz
Haser, economics professor at Universidade Livre, Lisbon.
    "The market doesn't see this as a real crisis yet," economist
Jorge Braga de Macedo told Reuters.
    Businessmen have identified political instability over the
last 13 years as one of the biggest obstacles to lasting
economic progress.
    The PSD administration was the 16th formed since the 1974
revolution.
    Portugal's developing stock markets, however, remain
buoyant. Brokers and unit trust managers said the recent surge
in economic confidence under the PSD rule was still largely
underpinned by continuing optimistic forecasts.
    Investment grew nearly 10 pct in 1986 and a Bank of
Portugal forecast, released on the day the PSD government fell,
predicted the pace of investment and overall economic growth
would remain at similar levels this year.
    But analysts said the crisis interrupted current policies
and could slow economic development.
    Soares, who is expected to announce a decision by the end
of the month, can either call early elections or form a new
government from parties in the existing left wing-dominated
parliament.
    Many businessmen said they strongly favoured quick
elections as the best solution. "There is a good chance that a
majority government could result from early elections,"
Confederation of Portuguese Industry (CIP) president Pedro
Ferraz da Costa said.
    He said they were optimistic this could mean the
continuation in the near future of liberalisation policies
introduced over the last year.
    The left-wing parties favour a parliamentary solution, but
the PSD said it wants an early election in which opinion polls
say they could win an overall majority.
    A PSD majority would also open the way for more
wide-ranging reforms, such as relaxation of labour laws and
possible denationalisation of industry, the analysts said.
    Cavaco Silva has accused the left-wing opposition parties
of blocking key economic reforms.
    The left-wingers said Portugal's positive economic results
were more the product of favourable international conditions
such as cheaper oil and raw material imports, than of PSD
policies.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16241>
Hungary has announced sharp price
increases for a range of food and consumer products as part of
its efforts to curb a soaring budget deficit.
    The official MTI news agency said the government decided
consumer price subsidies had to be cut to reduce state
spending. From today the price of meat will rise by an average
18 pct and that of beer and spirits by 10 pct, MTI said.
    The measures are also aimed at cooling an overheated
economy, and could help dampen Hungarians' appetite for
imported Western goods which consume increasingly expensive
hard currency, the diplomats said.
    The diplomats also said, however, that they did not expect
the kind of social unrest that followed sharp price rises in
other East Bloc states, notably Poland.
    MTI said consumer goods will also become more expensive,
with the price of refrigerators rising some five pct. It also
announced a number of measures to ease hardship, including
higher pensions and family allowances.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16268>
Four of West Germany's five leading
economic research institutes warned that excessive monetary
growth threatened a resurgence of inflation.
    But in a dissenting view the DIW institute in West Berlin,
echoing recent statements by leading Bundesbank officials, said
the expansion seen over the last 1-1/2 years did not
necessarily threaten stability.
    The five institutes issued a joint spring report, in which
three -- Kiel, Hamburg and Essen -- forecast a two pct rise in
GNP in 1987, while West Berlin and Munich predicted one pct.
    The four institutes said an expansive policy was welcome in
view of the slowdown in economic activity. But experience has
shown that strong monetary growth eventually leads to a price
rise which undoes the beneficial effects of monetary policy.
    Given virtual zero inflation in West Germany such fears may
seem exaggerated, they said.
    "But it has often turned out in the past that the price
climate can quickly deteriorate, forcing the central bank into
a restrictive policy," they said.
    The economic costs of a preventive stability policy are
less than fighting inflation once it has taken hold, they said.
    The four institutes disputed the view that monetary
expansion would slow of its own accord in 1987 as domestic
investors switch liquidity into longer term capital market
investments following lower interest rates.
    "Such redispositions may temporarily dampen the expansion of
central bank money stock, but do not automatically lead to a
smaller expansion of money supply," they said.
    A return to growth and stability did not require
spectacular central bank moves, but could be done quietly with
open market operations and repurchase pacts, which would avoid
an interest rate rise by dampening inflationary expectations.
    The DIW institute said monetary policy should not be
focused simply on growth of production potential. Because of
uncertainty about exchange rate developments and economic
weakness other factors should be taken into account.
    Monetary policy should aim for further interest rate cuts
and avoid rises to boost the economy and discourage revaluation
speculation. Recent strong monetary expansion was not a threat
in itself to price stability.
    The 1979/81 inflation following strong 1977/78 money growth
reflected other causes, such as rising oil prices and the
falling mark.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16415>
Portugal's consumer prices rose 1.4 pct
in March after a one pct increase in February and a 1.2 pct
rise in March 1986, the National Statistics Institute said.
    The consumer price index (base 100 for 1976) rose to 772.0
from 761.3 in February and compared with 703.4 in March 1986.
    This gave a year-on-year March inflation rate of 9.8 pct
against 9.5 pct in February and 12.2 pct in March 1986.
    Measured as an annual average rate, inflation in March was
10.9 pct compared with 11.1 pct in February. The government
forecasts annual inflation of about eight pct this year.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16740>
New Zealand's consumer price index,
CPI, which measures the rate of inflation, rose 2.3 pct in the
quarter ended March 31 against an 8.9 pct rise in the December
1986 quarter and a 2.3 pct rise in the March 1986 quarter, the
Statistics Department said.
    For the 12 months ended March 1987 the CPI rose 18.3 pct
against 18.2 pct in 12 months ended December 1986 and 13.0 pct
in the 12 months ended March 1986, it said in a statement.
    Nearly half the increase in the latest quarterly index was
contributed by the housing group, the department said.
    The December quarter was significantly affected by the
introduction of a 10 pct value added goods and services tax,
GST, in October 1986, it added.
    However, some GST charges not measured in the December 1986
quarter influenced the latest March quarterly figure, it said.
    This is because of an unavoidable lag in price information,
particularly on housing, used cars and insurance on household
contents, it added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16783>
Consumer prices in the countries of the
Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD)
rose 0.3 pct in February and inflation rose to 2.4 pct
year-on-year, the OECD said in a communique.
    The OECD attributed the rise in consumer prices to the
effects of the February 1986 drop in energy prices working
their way out of the index. The February increase was less than
Janauary's 0.4 pct increase but slightly above the average for
the later months of 1986.
    Inflation in the 24 western industrialised nations in
January was a revised 1.9 pct year-on-year. 
    Retail energy prices rose by 0.3 pct, less than January's
1.1 pct increase. Energy prices for consumers were still nine
pct lower than a year earlier, it said.
    Consumer prices excluding food and energy rose 0.3 pct in
February, in line with previous months, although there has been
some acceleration noticeable in the U.S. And Britain.
    Among the leading seven industrial countries, consumer
price inflation was highest in Italy at 4.2 pct, followed by
Canada at 4.0 pct, Britain at 3.9 pct, France at 3.4 pct, the
U.S. At 2.1 pct and West Germany and Japan with negative rates
of 0.5 pct and 1.4 pct respectively.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17442>
Peru's consumer price index rose 5.9 pct in
May to 15,706.5 (base 1979) compared to 6.6 pct in April and
3.3 pct in May 1986, the National Statistics Institute said.
    It said accumulated inflation for the first five months of
this year was 33.8 pct against 24.1 pct for the same period in
1986.
    Inflation for the year ending May 1987 was 75.7 pct
compared to 76.8 pct for the year ending May 1986.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17970>
South Africa is expected to unveil
tomorrow an expansionary budget for the second consecutive year
in a bid to boost the nation's flagging economic growth rate,
economic analysts said.
    Faced with competing demands for increased military and
police spending and the pressing need for more funds for black
housing and education, Finance Minister Barend Du Plessis is
expected to raise significantly the government's overall
expenditure targets when he presents the budget to parliament,
the analysts said.
    Analysts expect Du Plessis to provide for a rise in state
spending at least equal to the 16 pct inflation rate for the
financial year that started on April 1, while ignoring pleas
from the private sector to stimulate growth by cutting taxes.
    "Fiscal policy has become gradually more expansionary, but
simply raising government spending and increasing the budget
deficit is an inflationary form of stimulation," said Rob Lee,
chief economist at South African Mutual Life Assurance Co.
    South Africa this year is targeting inflation-adjusted
growth in GDP of three pct against an increase last year of
less than one pct.
    Growth in GDP over the past decade has averaged about 1.5
pct, while the unemployment rate among blacks has spiralled to
over 30 pct.
    Economists estimate that the government's spending target
will rise to about 47 billion rand, with revenue budgeted at
around 40 billion rand. This would leave a budget deficit
before borrowing of about seven billion rand, or four pct of
GDP.
    The government, having consistently overshot its own
spending targets for more than a decade, also faces a
credibility crisis over expenditure figures outlined in the
budget, analysts said.
    "The budget is invariably too optimistic on expenditure,"
said Standard Bank Ltd in a budget preview.
    Many analysts in the private sector are now paying less
attention to the figures presented in the budget and are using
their own estimates of expenditure to draw conclusions for the
money and capital markets.
    South African Mutual's Lee believes government spending
will again exceed the budget target and increase to around 49
billion rand this year, leaving a deficit of between 5 and 5.5
pct of GDP, compared with a three pct limit suggested by the
IMF.
    "The IMF limit is obviously going to be abandoned," predicted
one analyst, noting that South Africa has moved steadily away
from austerity measures recommended by the IMF over the past
two years.
    The policy shift followed a dramatic deterioration in the
political situation and the onset of an economic crisis
triggered by the refusal of major foreign banks to roll over
loans to the country in September 1985.
    Against a background of Western economic sanctions, falling
per capita incomes, rising joblessness and high inflation,
government officials say economic growth is the prime
objective.
    But private-sector economists caution that the government's
ability to promote growth by boosting state spending is
constrained by the need to maintain a large surplus on the
current account of the country's balance of payments.
    Most of that surplus, this year estimated at around 2.5
billion dlrs, will be swallowed up by repayments on the
nation's estimated 23 billion dlr foreign debt in terms of an
arrangement reached earlier this year with major international
creditor banks.
    Within these constraints, economists believe Du Plessis has
little room to manoeuvre.
    Analysts argue recent rises in civil service salaries and
budgeted spending increases for the state-owned Post Office and
South African Transport Services suggest that major tax
concessions to individuals or corporations are unlikely.
    Du Plessis earlier this year announced small concessions
for taxpayers in a mini-budget before the May 6 whites-only
election. The poll delayed presentation of the national budget.
    "This will not be a very exciting budget," commented Harry
Schwarz, spokesman on finance for the liberal Progressive
Federal Party. "I do not expect any major tax cuts as all the
sweets were given out before the election."
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18001>
President Jose Sarney today declared "a
war without quarter" on inflation and said the government would
watch every cent of public expenditure.
    Sarney, addressing his cabinet live on television, also
reiterated that he intended to remain in power for five years,
until 1990. There has been a long-running political debate
about how long his mandate should be.
    Brazil is currently suffering from the worst inflation of
its history. In April monthly inflation reached 21 pct.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18987>
France's growth rate is expected to
strengthen in the second half of this year after a poor first
half, but unemployment will worsen, the Organisation for
Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) said.
    In its semi-annual review of the world economy, the OECD
forecast that growth in the French Gross Domestic Product (GDP)
would run at about two pct in the next six months. It said the
rate would be in line with the 1986 trends, but significantly
higher than in the first half of this year.
    The OECD said France's economic situation has deteriorated
somewhat during the early months of 1987. 
    Activity has slowed, primarily reflecting an inventory
adjustment, while unemployment has risen rapidly and inflation
has reaccelerated, the OECD said. Unemployment is likely to
reach 12 pct of the workforce by the end of 1988.
    The report said inflation should slow and domestic demand
pick up in the second half of this year. But both data are
likely to be worse than those recorded in 1986, it added.
    The OECD forecast a 2.75 pct rise in consumer prices for
the second half of this year, a one pct drop from the first six
months. The slowdown would bring the inflation rate to 3.25 pct
for the whole year, sharply up from last year's 2.2 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18993>
Economic growth will remain sluggish in
the Netherlands and Belgium next year and unemployment may
rise, the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development
forecast.
    Belgium's GDP growth may slow down to 1.5 pct this year and
next year, bringing a rise in the number of jobless, the OECD
said in its semi-annual survey. Belgian inflation could
stabilise at 1.5 to 2.0 pct, while the current account surplus
will probably remain large at about three pct of GDP.
    While the Belgian government has made progress in trimming
its borrowing requirement, "it will probably be insufficient to
check the self-sustaining nature of the deficit," the OECD said.
    In the Netherlands real GDP growth will also slip to 1.5
pct this year and one pct in 1988, with Dutch exports becoming
less competitive and imports rising. "Employment is forecast to
decelerate as well, reflecting more sluggish growth in the
private sector and budgetary cuts," the report said.
    Dutch consumer prices are set to fall by 0.5 pct in 1987
and stay stable in 1988, partly as a result of declining
domestic gas prices.
    Luxembourg's economy, by contrast, will see slightly faster
growth in GDP this year as a result of an upward movement in
wages. But real growth in consumption will ease next year.
REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19000>
Prospects for world economic growth remain
very sluggish, and coordinated action by western governments is
urgently needed to restore business confidence, stabilize
currencies and encourage investment, the Organization for
Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) said here.
    "The economic situation has deteriorated in recent months,
and ... Slow growth, high unemployment and large payments
imbalances are likely to persist," it said in one of its
gloomiest reviews of the world economy in recent years.
    The gross national product (GNP) of the 24-nation bloc of
western industrialised countries is forecast to grow by only
2.25 pct both this year and next, even slower than last year's
2.5 pct growth rate.
    "We would like to see the aggregate for the OECD area
comfortably exceeding three pct," David Henderson, head of the
OECD's economics and statistics department, said.
    The OECD said that the dollar fall had led to rising
inflation expectations and higher interest rates in the U.S.,
Combining with world trade imbalances and the huge third world
debt problem to increase the risks of a world economic
downturn.
    "At the same time, many of the conditions for faster growth
remain favorable," it said, citing low inflation in most major
countries, healthy corporate finances, generally lower interest
rates, improvements in state budget positions and more flexible
labor markets.
    But private sector confidence had been undermined by
uncertainties over exchange rates, it said, and warned that "for
confidence to be restored, it is important for governments
swiftly to implement internationally-agreed commitments."
    This was a clear reference to last February's Louvre accord
of the Group of Five nations plus Canada, analysts said.
    The OECD said that apparent disagreements among major
countries on implementation of the Louvre accord had helped to
undermine business confidence, and called on more active fiscal
policies from the U.S., West Germany and Japan to slow demand
in the U.S. And raise it in the other two countries.
    Henderson said the 6,000 billion yen package announced
recently by the Japanese government to encourage public works
and cut taxes would make a significant contribution to this
process, though it was too early to estimate its precise
impact.
    He said the measures will help strengthen Japan's domestic
demand significantly, quite possibly exceeding one pct of GNP.
    The inflation outlook, while broadly satisfactory, has
worsened in recent months, with OECD consumer prices forecast
to rise 3.5 pct this year and 3.75 pct in 1988 after a 2.8 pct
increase in 1986.
    There is no prospect for any significant improvement in the
unemployment situation over the next 18 months, with the
average rate expected to stabilize at 8.25 pct, similar to last
year.
    The OECD called for efforts to liberalize world
agricultural markets through switching farm subsidies away from
price guarantees and other measures linked to production
towards direct income support for farmers.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19005>
Australia's economy should manage modest
growth over the next two years after a sharp slowdown but
unemployment could still edge upwards, the Organisation for
Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) said.
    The organisation's latest half-yearly report says Gross
Domestic Product will grow by 2.5 pct this year and by 2.75 pct
in 1988 compared with only 1.4 pct in 1986. The growth will be
helped by higher stockbuilding and stronger domestic demand
following tax cuts and higher real wages, it added.
    The report forecasts a decline in inflation, with consumer
prices increasing by 8.5 pct this year and 6.25 pct in 1988.
    The current account deficit shows signs of easing slightly
and could narrow to 12 billion dlrs by the end of 1988.
    While predicting slightly stronger growth than last year,
however, the report revises downwards the OECD's earlier growth
forecast for 1987 of 3.75 pct.
    The OECD predicts a similar combination of modest economic
growth and rising unemployment for New Zealand, which is
struggling to recover from a major economic crisis.
    The country's GDP, which contracted by 0.6 pct last year,
should again show growth over the next two years, rising by
0.25 pct this year and a more substantial 2.75 pct in 1988.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19081>
Canada's consumer price index rose 0.6
pct in May to 137.8, base 1981, following a 0.4 pct rise in
April and a 0.5 pct rise in May 1986, Statistics Canada said.
    The May year-on-year rise was 4.6 pct, compared with a 4.5
pct rise in April.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19625>
French retail prices rose a confirmed 0.2
pct in May compared with a 0.5 pct rise in April and 0.2 pct in
May last year, the National Statistics Institute (INSEE) said.
    The rise took the year-on-year inflation rate to 3.4 pct in
May from 3.5 pct in April, and brought cumulative inflation
over the first five months of this year to 2.0 pct compared
with 0.7 pct for the same period of 1986.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19653>
The European Community's annual
inflation rate fell marginally to 3.2 pct in May from 3.3 pct
in April, the EC's statistics office Eurostat said.
    Prices in the 12-nation bloc rose 0.2 pct in May after 0.6
pct in April. But the annual rate stayed below that of the U.S.
For the second month in succession, following the release of
figures showing U.S. Inflation of 3.8 pct in both April and
May.
    However, Eurostat said the EC was still beaten by Japan,
where prices were provisionally 0.1 pct lower in May than a
year earlier.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20247>
South African year-on-year consumer
price inflation in September fell to 15.5 pct from 16.3 pct in
August, Central Statistics Office figures show.
    The monthly rise in the all items index (base 1980) was 1.3
pct to 273.4 in September after edging up to 270.0 in August.
    A year ago the index stood at 236.7 and year-on-year
consumer price inflation at 19.7 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21130>
Federal Reserve Board Vice-Chairman
Manuel Johnson said the inflationary expectations in the
financial markets have eased since the Fed's last half-point
increase in its discount rate to 6.0 pct.
    "We have seen the kind of expectational forces develop I
think that we've been satisfied with since our last discount
rate move," Johnson said.
    Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan has said the most recent
discount rate increase on September 4 was largely aimed at
quelling inflationary fears in financial markets which he said
were largely unfounded.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21532>
The Philippine 1987 inflation rate will
rise to 4.8 pct from 0.74 pct in 1986 if the government
implements an employers' association recommendation for a 10
pct increase in the 54 peso minimum daily wage this month,
Economic Planning Secretary Solita Monsod said.
    The government's own proposal for an across-the-board daily
pay rise of six pesos for non-agricultural workers and eight
pesos for agriculture workers, would push the full year average
higher to 5.4 pct, she told the Senate last week.
    The 10 pct rise in the minimum wage is recommended by the
Employers Confederation of the Philippines (ECOP).
    The ECOP proposal would push the year-on-year inflation
rate to 11.6 pct in December compared with the predicted 14.4
pct if the government's recommendation is implemented, Solita
said. Both were proposed last month.
    Annual inflation for 1987 was forecast at four to 4.5 pct
by the National Economic and Development Authority early this
month.
    In the first three months of the year, inflation was a
negative 0.5, 0.6 and 0.7 pct respectively, rising to 1.0, 2.5
and 4.6 pct in April May and June, the National Statistics
Office said.
    The annual inflation rate rose to 5.8 pct in June, 6.2 pct
in July and 6.15 and 6.188 pct in August and September
respectively, the National Statistics Office said.
    It attributed the acceleration to higher fuel and water
prices.
    The government's six and eight peso wage increases would
displace up to 20,000 workers, Monsod said, bringing the number
of unemployed to 4.2 mln or 19.2 pct of the population.
 REUTER
</BODY>
