<BODY DOCID=14829>
The Ministry of International Trade and
Industry (MITI) will revise its long-term energy supply/demand
outlook by August to meet a forecast downtrend in Japanese
energy demand, ministry officials said.
    MITI is expected to lower the projection for primary energy
supplies in the year 2000 to 550 mln kilolitres (kl) from 600
mln, they said.
    The decision follows the emergence of structural changes in
Japanese industry following the rise in the value of the yen
and a decline in domestic electric power demand.
    MITI is planning to work out a revised energy supply/demand
outlook through deliberations of committee meetings of the
Agency of Natural Resources and Energy, the officials said.
    They said MITI will also review the breakdown of energy
supply sources, including oil, nuclear, coal and natural gas.
    Nuclear energy provided the bulk of Japan's electric power
in the fiscal year ended March 31, supplying an estimated 27
pct on a kilowatt/hour basis, followed by oil (23 pct) and
liquefied natural gas (21 pct), they noted.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15063>
Cheap oil feedstocks, the weakened U.S.
dollar and a plant utilization rate approaching 90 pct will
propel the streamlined U.S. petrochemical industry to record
profits this year, with growth expected through at least 1990,
major company executives predicted.
    This bullish outlook for chemical manufacturing and an
industrywide move to shed unrelated businesses has prompted GAF
Corp &lt;GAF>, privately-held Cain Chemical Inc, and other firms
to aggressively seek acquisitions of petrochemical plants.
    Oil companies such as Ashland Oil Inc &lt;ASH>, the
Kentucky-based oil refiner and marketer, are also shopping for
money-making petrochemical businesses to buy.
    "I see us poised at the threshold of a golden period," said
Paul Oreffice, chairman of giant Dow Chemical Co &lt;DOW>, adding,
"There's no major plant capacity being added around the world
now. The whole game is bringing out new products and improving
the old ones."
    Analysts say the chemical industry's biggest customers,
automobile manufacturers and home builders that use a lot of
paints and plastics, are expected to buy quantities this year.
    U.S. petrochemical plants are currently operating at about
90 pct capacity, reflecting tighter supply that could hike
product prices by 30 to 40 pct this year, said John Dosher,
managing director of Pace Consultants Inc of Houston. Demand
for some products such as styrene could push profit margins up
by as much as 300 pct, he said.
    Oreffice, speaking at a meeting of chemical engineers in
Houston, said Dow would easily top the 741 mln dlrs it earned
last year and predicted it would have the best year in its
history.
    In 1985, when oil prices were still above 25 dlrs a barrel
and chemical exports were adversely affected by the strong U.S.
dollar, Dow had profits of 58 mln dlrs. "I believe the entire
chemical industry is headed for a record year or close to it,"
Oreffice said.
    GAF chairman Samuel Heyman estimated that the U.S. chemical
industry would report a 20 pct gain in profits during 1987.
Last year, the domestic industry earned a total of 13 billion
dlrs, a 54 pct leap from 1985.
    The turn in the fortunes of the once-sickly chemical
industry has been brought about by a combination of luck and
planning, said Pace's John Dosher.
    Dosher said last year's fall in oil prices made feedstocks
dramatically cheaper and at the same time the American dollar
was weakening against foreign currencies. That helped boost
U.S. chemical exports.
    Also helping to bring supply and demand into balance has
been the gradual market absorption of the extra chemical
manufacturing capacity created by Middle Eastern oil producers
in the early 1980s.
    Finally, virtually all major U.S. chemical manufacturers
have embarked on an extensive corporate restructuring program
to mothball inefficient plants, trim the payroll and eliminate
unrelated businesses. The restructuring touched off a flurry of
friendly and hostile takeover attempts.
    GAF, which made an unsuccessful attempt in 1985 to acquire
Union Carbide Corp &lt;UK>, recently offered three billion dlrs
for Borg Warner Corp &lt;BOR>, a Chicago manufacturer of plastics
and chemicals. Another industry powerhouse, W.R. Grace &lt;GRA> 
has divested its retailing, restaurant and fertilizer
businesses to raise cash for chemical acquisitions.
    But some experts worry that the chemical industry may be
headed for trouble if companies continue turning their back on
the manufacturing of staple petrochemical commodities, such as
ethylene, in favor of more profitable specialty chemicals that
are custom-designed for a small group of buyers.
    "Companies like DuPont &lt;DD> and Monsanto Co &lt;MTC> spent the
past two or three years trying to get out of the commodity
chemical business in reaction to how badly the market had
deteriorated," Dosher said. "But I think they will eventually
kill the margins on the profitable chemicals in the niche
market." Some top chemical executives share the concern.
    "The challenge for our industry is to keep from getting
carried away and repeating past mistakes," GAF's Heyman
cautioned. "The shift from commodity chemicals may be
ill-advised. Specialty businesses do not stay special long."
    Houston-based Cain Chemical, created this month by the
Sterling investment banking group, believes it can generate 700
mln dlrs in annual sales by bucking the industry trend.
    Chairman Gordon Cain, who previously led a leveraged buyout
of Dupont's Conoco Inc's chemical business, has spent 1.1
billion dlrs since January to buy seven petrochemical plants
along the Texas Gulf Coast.
    The plants produce only basic commodity petrochemicals that
are the building blocks of specialty products.
    "This kind of commodity chemical business will never be a
glamorous, high-margin business," Cain said, adding that demand
is expected to grow by about three pct annually.
    Garo Armen, an analyst with Dean Witter Reynolds, said
chemical makers have also benefitted by increasing demand for
plastics as prices become more competitive with aluminum, wood
and steel products. Armen estimated the upturn in the chemical
business could last as long as four or five years, provided the
U.S. economy continues its modest rate of growth.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15200>
Turkey said today its disputes with
Greece, including rights on the continental shelf in the Aegean
Sea, should be solved through negotiations.
    A Foreign Ministry statement said the latest crisis between
the two NATO members stemmed from the continental shelf dispute
and an agreement on this issue would effect the security,
economy and other rights of both countries.
    "As the issue is basicly political, a solution can only be
found by bilateral negotiations," the statement said. Greece has
repeatedly said the issue was legal and could be solved at the
International Court of Justice.
    The two countries approached armed confrontation last month
after Greece announced it planned oil exploration work in the
Aegean and Turkey said it would also search for oil.
    A face-off was averted when Turkey confined its research to
territorrial waters. "The latest crises created an historic
opportunity to solve the disputes between the two countries,"
the Foreign Ministry statement said.
    Turkey's ambassador in Athens, Nazmi Akiman, was due to
meet Prime Minister Andreas Papandreou today for the Greek
reply to a message sent last week by Turkish Prime Minister
Turgut Ozal. The contents of the message were not disclosed.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15230>
Iraq said today its troops were pushing
Iranian forces out of positions they had initially occupied
when they launched a new offensive near the southern port of
Basra early yesterday.
    A High Command communique said Iraqi troops had won a
significant victory and were continuing to advance.
    Iraq said it had foiled a three-pronged thrust some 10 km
(six miles) from Basra, but admitted the Iranians had occupied
ground held by the Mohammed al-Qassem unit, one of three
divisions attacked.
    The communique said Iranian Revolutionary Guards were under
assault from warplanes, helicopter gunships, heavy artillery
and tanks.
    "Our forces are continuing their advance until they purge
the last foothold" occupied by the Iranians, it said.
    (Iran said its troops had killed or wounded more than 4,000
Iraqis and were stabilising their new positions.)
    The Baghdad communique said Iraqi planes also destroyed oil
installations at Iran's southwestern Ahvaz field during a raid
today. It denied an Iranian report that an Iraqi jet was shot
down.
    Iraq also reported a naval battle at the northern tip of
the Gulf. Iraqi naval units and forces defending an offshore
terminal sank six Iranian out of 28 Iranian boats attempting to
attack an offshore terminal, the communique said.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15238>
Union Texas Petroleum said its worldwide
proved reserves fell to 511 mln barrels of oil equivalent at
the end of 1986 from 555 mln barrels reported in 1985.
    In its newly released annual report, Union Texas said it
replaced about 71 pct of its production of 56 mln barrels of
oil equivalent last year after taking into account the sale of
27 mln barrels of U.S. reserves.
    Union Texas, the nation's largest independent oil and gas
producer based on revenues, is a privately-held company owned
by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts and Co and Allied-Signal Inc &lt;ALD>.
    The Houston-based company said it lost 57.5 mln dlrs on
1.26 billion dlrs in sales last year, compared to profits of
165 mln dlrs on 2.04 billion dlrs in sales in 1985.
    Union Texas said it received an average of 13.35 dlrs per
barrel for its international oil production and 2.99 dlrs per
mcf for its foreign natural gas sales. The majority of the
company's total energy production is in the United Kingdom,
Indonesia and Pakistan.
    In the United States, Union Texas said it completed
evaluation work on its oil find in Alaska's Colville Delta
area.
    "Although significant oil reserves were confirmed,
development of this discovery will not be economical without
substantially higher prices," the company said.
    Union Texas said it planned to spend about 42 mln dlrs over
the next two years to develop its Eugene Island Block 371 in
the Gulf of Mexico.
    In 1987, the company said it budgeted 178 mln dlrs for
capital spending, less than half of the amount spent in 1985
and down from 199 mln dlrs budgeted last year. Union Texas also
said it would seek acquisitions of oil and gas properties as
well as petrochemical-related businesses.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15244>
Ghana will import 15,000 tonnes of crude
oil annually from Iran under an agreement reached in Tehran
today, the Iranian news agency IRNA reported.
    The agency, received in London, said the accord was reached
between Iranian Oil Minister Gholamreza Aqazadeh and a visiting
Ghanaian delegation headed by Foreign Minister Obed Asamoah.
    IRNA said that under the agreement, Iran will also provide
technical and scientific assistance in manpower training and
oil exploitation, production and refining.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15322>
The Senate unanimously approved
legislation to lift a ban on new construction of natural
gas-fired power plants and other large industrial gas-burning
plants.
    The bill, sponsored by Senate Energy Committee chairman
Bennett Johnston, also repeals mandatory incremental pricing of
natural gas which was designed to protect residential consumers
from major price increases by forcing some industrial users to
pay higher than market prices.
    "This legislation will open up new natural gas markets," the
Lousiana Democrat said.
    The gas restrictions were enacted in 1978 in response to a
shortage of natural gas and predictions of higher prices.
    "Now both oil and gas prices are severely depressed,"
Johnston said.
    In a compromise with coal producers, the bill requires new
baseload electric powerplants be designed to accomodate
modifications necessary to burning coal or another alternate
fuel.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15344>
Distillate fuel stocks held in
primary storage were unchanged in the week ended April three at
106.9 mln barrels, the Energy Information Administration (EIA)
said.
    In its weekly petroleum status report, the Department of
Energy agency said gasoline stocks were off 200,000 barrels in
the week to 248.1 mln barrels and refinery crude oil stocks
rose 6.3 mln barrels to 335.8 mln.
    The EIA said residual fuel stocks fell 100,000 barrels to
38.1 mln barrels and crude oil stocks in the Strategic
Petroleum Reserve (SPR) rose 1.1 mln barrels to 520.0 mln.
    The total of all crude, refined product and SPR stocks rose
9.4 mln barrels to 1,561.1, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15351>
U.S. oil demand as measured by
products supplied fell 2.6 pct in the four weeks ended April
three to 15.73 mln barrels per day (bpd) from 16.16 mln in the
same period a year ago, the Energy Information Administration
(EIA) said.
    In its weekly petroleum status report, the Energy
Department agency said distillate demand was off 7.9 pct in the
period to 2.90 mln bpd from 3.15 mln a year earlier.
    Gasoline demand averaged 6.76 mln bpd, off 3.1 pct from
6.98 mln last year, while residual fuel demand was 1.15 mln
bpd, off 16.9 pct from 1.39 mln, the EIA said.
    So far this year, distillate demand fell 2.3 pct to 3.20
mln bpd from 3.28 mln in 1986, gasoline demand was 6.63 mln
bpd, off 0.3 pct from 6.65 mln, and residual fuel demand fell
4.9 pct to 1.35 mln bpd from 1.42 mln, the EIA said.
    Year-to-date domestic crude output was estimated at 8.40
mln bpd, off 7.6 pct from 9.09 mln a year ago, while gross
crude imports averaged 3.92 mln bpd, up 27.1 pct from 3.08 mln,
it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15520>
Traders expect U.S. energy futures will
open unchanged to slightly lower this morning with support near
yesterday's lows.
    Crude futures are called unchanged to five cts weaker
tracking unchanged domestic crudes and North Sea Brent crude,
which traded at 18.01 dlrs a barrel today, about ten cts below
yesterday's New York close.
    Traders said the supply squeeze in 15-day forward April
Brent appears to have ended.
    Product futures, which fell sharply yesterday, are due to
open unchanged to 0.25 cent lower, traders said.
    Traders expect some followthrough selling in products but
said gasoil futures in London will probably lend some support
since they are trading as expected. May gasoil futures were off
1.50 dlrs a tonne this morning while June was down 1.25 dlrs in
thin conditions.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15939>
The United States' dependency on
foreign oil sources may reach record levels by the mid-1990s,
according to John H. Lichtblau, president of Petroleum Industry
Research Associates.
    Lichtblau, speaking at an alternative energy conference
here, said the U.S. may depend on foreign suppliers for as much
as 52 pct of its oil by 1995, surpasssing the previous high
level of 47 pct in 1977.
    "The long term growth in dependency on foreign oil is
inevitable," Lichtblau said. As much as 30 pct of U.S. oil
imports in 1995 could come from OPEC nations, he said.
    Lichtblau said the U.S. depended on foreign suppliers for
33 pct of its oil in 1986 and predicted that would increase to
40 pct by 1990.
    "However, the rate of this growth can be affected
positively or negatively through government action or
inaction," Lichtblau said.
    He said that one of the government's negative actions is
the maintenance of the windfall profits tax which acts as a
disincentive to developing existing fields and reduces cash
flow for oil exploration.
    Lichtblau called for the adoption of an international floor
price for crude oil to help stabilize world oil prices.
    "An international floor price adopted by all or most
industrial countries would clearly be a much more effective
measure and would be much less distortive for the U.S. than if
we imposed it alone," Lichtblau said.
    Development of alternate energy sources such as synthetic
fuels as well as increased development in Alaska could lessen
U.S. dependency on foreign oil, Lichtblau said.
    A potential for alternative supplies could limit the
willingness of OPEC nations to raise oil prices, he said.
    Lichtblau also called for the federal government to offer
tax abatements for oil drilling, to fill the Strategic
Petroleum Reserve at a faster rate and to develop pilot plans
for alternative energy.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15964>
Louisiana Land and Exploration Co
said it, Du Pont Co's Conoco Inc subsidiary and &lt;Oranje-Nassau
Energie B.V.> have been offered four exploration blocks
offshore The Netherlands.
    Louisiana Land said Blocks Q4a, E12c and E15b were offered
to the group in which Conoco has a 67.5 pct interest, Louisiana
Land 20 pct and Orange-Nassau 12.5 pct, while this group along
with a consortium headed by Pennzoil Co &lt;PZL> were offered
Block Q5c. The offers were the result of applications submitted
to the Ministry of Economic Affairs for the Netherlands Sixth
Offshore Licensing Round.
    Louisiana Land said the Conoco group intends to provide a
formal acceptance of the blocks with plans to start exploration
this year.
    The company also said the two Q blocks immediately offset
other offshore blocks on which hydrocarbons have been found in
commercial quantities.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16005>
Crude oil netback values in complex
refineries rose sharply in Europe and firmed in the U.S. last
Friday from the previous week but fell sharply in Singapore,
according to calculations by Reuters Pipeline.
    The firmer tone to refining margins in Europe and the U.S.
relected higher prices for petroleum products, particularly
gasoline, and support from crude oil prices.
    Netback values for crude oil refined in Northern Europe
rose substantially following strong gains in gasoline prices
there. Brent is valued at 19.45 dlrs, up 56 cts a barrel or
three pct from the previous week.
    In the U.S. Gulf, sweet crudes rose in value by 14 cts to
19.33 dlrs for West Texas Intermediate, up about 0.7 pct.
    Sour grades in the U.S. Gulf showed an increase of 33 cts a
barrel for Alaska North Slope, up 1.7 pct.
    But netbacks for crude oil refined in Singapore fell
sharply, down 15 cts to as much as 68 cts a barrel as ample
distillate supplies weighed on petroleum product prices.
    Attaka in Singapore is valued at 18.55 dlrs, a decline of
68 cts a barrel or 3.5 pct from the previous week.
    For refineries in the Mediterranean, netback values were
mostly lower, with declines of seven to 14 cts. The value of
Kuwait crude fell 14 cts to 18.37 dlrs, while Iranian Light
fell 11 cts to 19.14 dlrs.
    On the U.S. West Coast, netback values for ANS CIF L.A.
also jumped sharply, up 40 cts a barrel or 2.2 pct to 18.82
dlrs on higher gasoline prices.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16007>
Nerco Inc said its oil and gas
unit closed the acquisition of a 47 pct working interest in the
Broussard oil and gas field from &lt;Davis Oil Co> for about 22.5
mln dlrs in cash.
    Nerco said it estimates the field's total proved developed
and undeveloped reserves at 24 billion cubic feet, or
equivalent, of natural gas, which more than doubles the
company's previous reserves.
    The field is located in southern Louisiana.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16077>
Ecuador is due to resume limited crude oil
output on May 8 when a new 43 km pipeline to neighbouring
Colombia should be finished, an energy ministry spokesman said.
    Oil output was halted on March 5 by an earthquake which
damaged 50 km of the main pipeline linking jungle oilfields at
Lago Agrio to the Ecuadorean port of Balao on the Pacific.
    About 13 km of the new link, capable of carrying some
50,000 barrels per day (bpd), has been built, he said.
    Ecuador pumped 245,000 to 250,000 bpd before the
earthquake.
    The new link will connect Lago Agrio to Puerto Colon in
Colombia, the starting point of Columbia's pipeline to the
Pacific ocean port of Temuco.
    The government estimates it will take about four more
months to repair the Lago Agrio to Balao pipeline and return
output to normal levels, the spokesman said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16366>
Kuwait has agreed to charter tankers
from the Soviet Union in a move to protect its oil exports
through the Mideast Gulf, diplomatic sources said.
    They said the agreement followed months of talks with the
Soviet Union and the U.S. On ways to secure its oil exports
after Iran started to attack Kuwaiti-connected vessels in
retaliation for Kuwait's backing for Iran's war enemy Iraq.
    Diplomats said they expect three Soviet tankers initially
to reinforce other flags already supporting Kuwait's 22-tanker
fleet.
    The diplomats said they knew of no deal for Moscow to
provide a naval escort for its own vessels, but "the idea of
protection is implicit," one said.
    They said Soviet cargo ships bound for Kuwait in the past
to unload arms and materiel for road delivery to Iraq were
known to have sailed under escort. So far, none of the Soviet
ships are known to have been attacked by Iran. Diplomats said
they expected the chartered Soviet tankers to sail between
Kuwait and Khor Fakkan on the United Arab Emirates (UAE) coast
a short way outside the Strait of Hormuz at the mouth of the
Gulf.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16429>
Triton Energy Corp said proven reserves
of the Villespedue oil field in France's Paris Basin were
estimated at a total of 67.5 mln barrels on March one, up 39
pct from 48.7 mln barrels on May 31, 1986.
    Triton said its 60 pct owned &lt;Triton Europe Plc> subsidiary
has a 50 pct interest in the field which is located 50 miles
east of Paris. The other 50 pct is held by &lt;Total Exploration
S.A.>, the field's operator.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16438>
Standard Oil Co said a contract has
been awarded to &lt;CBS Engineering Inc> for a drilling and
production platform to be installed in Ewing Bank Block 826 in
the Gulf of Mexico where Standard and Mobil Corp each own a 40
pct interest.
    Standard said its Standard Oil Production Co subsidiary
will operate the platform which is being designed to produce
15,000 barrels of oil and 50 mln cubic feet of gas daily. The
platform is now expected to be installed in the summer of 1988.
Other owners are Kerr-McGee Corp &lt;KMG> with 16.66 pct and
&lt;Prudential Insurance Co of America> with  3.34 pct.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16593>
Brooklyn Union Gas Co's Brooklyn
Union Exploration Co Inc unit said it entered a 200 mln dlr
three-year gas and oil exploration and development venture with
Smith Offshore Exploration Co.
    The agreement calls for drilling of 10 to 12 offshore wells
per year, primarily in the Gulf of Mexico area off the Texas
and Louisiana coasts and 30 to 40 onshore Texas and Louisiana
Gulf Coast wells.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16607>
OPEC's credibility faces fresh scrutiny
in coming weeks amid signs of a significant rise in supplies of
oil to international oil markets, the Kuwait daily al-Qabas
said.
    In an article headlined, "Gulf oil sources say Middle East
production up 1.4 mln bpd," it warned OPEC's official prices
could face fresh pressure from international oil companies
seeking cheaper supplies.
    It did not say whether only OPEC or both OPEC and other
producers were behind the reported rise in Mideast output. Nor
did it specify if the sources were official or other contacts. 
   "The sources said the credibility of OPEC would come under
fresh scrutiny from today (Monday), with activity in the
European and American markets," the daily said.
    The sources were quoted as saying that after OPEC had in
March demonstrated its commitment to quota agreements, some
members had raised output last week. It gave no details.
    "Dealers in oil markets were now waiting to see if Opec was
able to control production, or whether the days of cheating and
producing over quotas has begun anew," it said.
    The sources warned that "maybe the (price of a) barrel of
oil will fall below 18, perhaps 17.80 dlrs this week or next if
there is no control on supplies," it said.
    "The sources believed a return of oil below 18 dlrs a barrel
may open the doors for international oil companies to pressure
OPEC over contract prices, similar to the struggle last March,"
it said, apparently referring to resistance by buyers to lift
from Qatar unless it gave price discounts.
    "More than one official has warned OPEC would find its
solidarity under scrutiny by the end of April or start of May,"
it said, noting demand usually fell with the onset of summer.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16636>
Texaco Inc has re-established some key
oil supply lines following yesterday's court filing for
protection under Chapter 11 of the U.S. bankrupcty code, said
Elton Yates, Texaco's coordinator of worldwide operations.
    "Several companies say they are willing to start trading,"
Yates told Reuters in an interview.
    The company last week had stated that a number of domestic
and international oil suppliers were demanding cash for oil
shipments, and in some cases, had cut supplies altogether.
Banks had also cut credit lines, it said in court filings.
    Manufacturers Hanover Corp &lt;MHC> and other banks told
Texaco it would cut off a one billion dlr credit line, Texaco
said in the court filing. Chase Manhattan Corp &lt;CMB> and J.P.
Morgan Co's &lt;JPM> Morgan Guaranty Trust Co asked for deposits
to cover transactions, it said.
    The severe conditions with suppliers and creditors arose
from an unfavorable ruling last Monday by the U.S. Supreme
Court in Texaco's ongoing dispute with Pennzoil Co &lt;PZL> over
the acquisition of Getty Oil Co in 1984.
    The High Court said Texas Courts must consider Texaco's
plea to cut its 10.3 billion dlr bond while appealing the case.
    "Most of the suppliers stayed with us as long as they
could," Elton said. But following Monday's Supreme Court
ruling, Texaco's suppliers began demanding cash and halting
supplies.
    "It wasn't until last Wednesday that it turned into an
avalanche," he said. "Supplies were cut to the point where we
could not run the system at anywhere near capacity."
    He said less than half of Texaco's oil supplies had been in
jeapordy, but the cut off would have produced severe shortages
by mid-May. Now the situation appears much less severe, Elton
said.
    It said that Sonatrach, the Algerian national oil company,
canceled future deliveries of crude oil and natural gas,
Occidental Petroleum Co &lt;OXY> demanded cash for crude, and
Atlantic Richfield Co &lt;ARC> asked for special safeguards.
    The company also said British Petroleum Co PLC &lt;BP> last
week refused to accept an order for fuel oil. But Yates today
said, "a big U.K. company has in fact said they would go on
supplying. They had cancelled last week."
    He declined to identify the company.
    &lt;Petroleos de Venezuela S.A.>, the Venezuelan state oil
company that supplies a large portion of Texaco's oil, also
halted shipments two weeks ago, Yates said.
    But he added that Texaco expected to meet with the
Venezuelans later today in an attempt to reestablish that key
supply line. Talks were also expected to take place with the
Algerians, he added.
    Bankruptcy specialists said it was likely Texaco's chapter
11 filing would allow the company to secure its credit lines
and oil supplies that are key to the company's business.
    "It will be business as usual for Texaco," said Martin
Klein, a bankruptcy attorney at the New York law firm Dreyer
and Traub.
    "Creditors are a nervous bunch of people," he said. "But
when the dust settles they will reevaluate the situation and
will likely extend credit to the chapter 11 company."
    But other officials at Texaco were not immediately
available to say whether discussions were being held with its
banks, or whether credit lines had been reestablished.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16649>
OPEC's credibility faces fresh scrutiny
in coming weeks amid signs of a significant rise in supplies of
oil to international oil markets, the Kuwait daily al-Qabas
said.
    In an article headlined "Gulf oil sources say Middle East
production up 1.4 mln bpd" and "Markets witness new surplus amid
whispers of return to cheating days," it warned OPEC's official
prices could face fresh pressure from international oil
companies seeking cheaper supplies.
    It did not say whether only OPEC or Opec and other
producers were behind the reported rise in Mideast output. Nor
did it specify if the sources were official or other contacts.
   "The sources said the credibility of OPEC would come under
fresh scrutiny from Monday, with activity in the European and
American markets," it said.
    The sources were quoted as saying that after Opec had in
March demonstrated its commitment to quota agreements, some
members had raised output last week. It gave no details.
    "Dealers in oil markets were now waiting to see if Opec was
able to control production, or whether the days of cheating and
producing over quotas has begun anew," it reported.
   "The sources warned that maybe the (price of a) barrel of oil
will fall below 18, perhaps 17.80 dlrs this week or next if
there is no control on supplies.
    "The sources believed a return of oil below 18 dlrs a barrel
may open the doors for international oil companies to pressure
Opec over contract prices, similar to the struggle last March,"
it said, apparently referring to resistance by buyers to lift
from Qatar unless it gave price discounts.
    "More than one official has warned Opec would find its
solidarity under scrutiny by the end of April or start of May,"
it said, noting demand usually fell with the onset of summer.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16651>
The Energy Department said it had
approved in final form an agreement that resolves all remaining
issues with Shell Oil Co over oil pricing and allocation
controls that ended in 1981.
    Under the agreement, The Royal Dutch/Shell Group unit 
agreed to pay 20 mln dlrs to settle refiner pricing issues and
160 mln dlrs to settle crude oil pricing issues, DOE said.
    DOE said that before making the pact final, it modified it
to reflect Shell's compliance with the Tertiary Incentive
Program, a provision not in the version published last Dec 31.
 reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16658>
A senior Abu Dhabi oil official said
in remarks published today the emirate, largest producer in the
United Arab Emirates (UAE), was succeeding in marketing its
crude oil without breaching OPEC accords.
    Khalaf al-Oteiba, Marketing Director at the Abu Dhabi
National Oil Co (ADNOC), told the company's Petroleum Community
magazine ADNOC was also keen to keep good customer relations.
"The company will maintain its dialogue with and care for its
customers in accordance with market conditions...And take
necessary steps to guarantee marketing its production," he said.
   "The present oil marketing policy of ADNOC is based on
adherence to OPEC decisions of December 1986 to control
production and establish a new pricing system in an attempt to
stabilize the market," he added.
    OPEC agreed last December to limit production to 15.8 mln
bpd and return to fixed prices averaging 18 dlrs a barrel.
    Oteiba said stabilization of the oil market in the future
depended on how much discipline OPEC showed.
    Oteiba said last year, when world oil prices dropped, was
ADNOC's most difficult ever but "a practical and flexible
pricing policy was implemented to relate to the changed market
environment."
    He said crude oil sales last year jumped to an average
609,000 bpd of which 73 pct was exported. Refined product sales
totalled eight mln metric tonnes, of which 67 pct was exported.
    In 1985, ADNOC marketed a total of 476,000 bpd of crude oil
and 7.2 mln tonnes of refined products.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16710>
Gulf Canada Corp said it
acquired a 25 pct working interest in the Gulf of Suez oil
concession for undisclosed terms.
    The company said its agreement with operator Conoco
Hurghada Inc and Hispanoil covered the 168,374-acre East
Hurghada offshore concession. It said a 15.6 mln U.S. dlr
four-well program was planned for 1987.
    After the acquisition, which is subject to Egyptian
government approval, working interests in the Hurghada block
will be Conoco Hurghada at 45 pct, Hispanoil 30 pct and Gulf
Canada the balance.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16723>
U.S. oil traders said Texaco Inc's
filing for protection under the Chapter 11 bankruptcy code is
adding uncertainty to an already skittish oil market, but
opinions are divided on the impact to the market.
    "The filing is holding up wet barrel trading today," said
one trader. "Everyone is talking about it, assessing their
company's situations in relation to Texaco," he added.
     Some traders said companies that deal with Texaco are
concerned about whether they will receive payment or supplies
under the bankruptcy filing.
    However, others were less worried. "The first paid will be
the trading community and those connected with Texaco in the
shipping industry," one New York trader said.
    "If Texaco doesn't get crude supplies it can't run its
refineries, so its other assets would not be worth anything,"
he added.
    Texaco filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the U.S.
bankruptcy code yesterday after failing to reach a settlement
with Pennzoil on an 11 billion dlrs court award for illegally
interferring with Pennzoil's proposed purchase of Getty Oil Co.
    However, others were less worried. "The first paid will be
the trading community and those connected with Texaco in the
shipping industry," one New York trader said.
    "If Texaco doesn't get crude supplies it can't run its
refineries, so its other assets would not be worth anything,"
he added.
    Texaco filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the U.S.
bankruptcy code yesterday after failing to reach a settlement
with Pennzoil on an 11 billion dlrs court award for illegally
interferring with Pennzoil's proposed purchase of Getty Oil Co.
    "There is some reluctance to trade with Texaco but no great
change," said another trader, adding that traders are tending
toward prudence in their dealings with the company.
    Traders are assessing whether to require cash prepayment or
letters of credit, or to continue to trade as usual with Texaco
on an open line basis, he said.
    Another trader, however, described today's activity as
business as usual, adding that traders feel more secure because
no liens can be put on Texaco's assets while it is in
bankruptcy.
    Traders said there was no apparent effect of the Texaco
filing on crude futures trading although they said the exchange
might lower Texaco's position limit and require higher margins
for Texaco's trades.
    New York Mercantile Exchange President Rosemary McFadden
declined to comment on Texaco's futures trading, saying that is
is proprietary information. McFadden did say, however, that as
a matter of procedure, it is possible the exchange can lower
allowable position limits or increase margin requirements for
companies that are in financial trouble.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16739>
Ecuador will resume limited crude output
next week to fill up storage tanks as a first step to pump oil
to a Colombian pipeline on May one, the state Ecuadorean
Petroleum Corp (CEPE) said.
    CEPE manager Carlos Romoleroux told reporters that Ecuador
would begin pumping an unspecified amount of crude in
northeastern jungle oilfields at the end of next week in
preparation to send the oil through a new pipeline link-up to
neighbouring Colombia.
    Oil production in Ecuador was halted on March five when an
earthquake damaged the country's main pipeline from Lago Agrio,
at the heart of the Ecuadorean jungle oilfields, to the pacific
port of Balao.
    It will take at least until the end of July to repair the
pipeline and return output to normal levels. The country was
pumping between 245,000 bpd and 250,000 bpd before the tremor.
    To resume limited output in the meantime, Ecuador is
constructing a 26 mile pipeline linkup, capable of carrying
55,000 bpd, from Lago Agrio to Puerto Colon, the starting point
of Colombia's pipeline to the Pacific port of Tumaco.
    The original target date to resume limited crude output was
May eight, the scheduled date for the inauguration of the Lago
Agrio to Puerto Colon pipeline, an energy ministry spokesman
said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16762>
Saudi Arabia hopes to increase the volume
of its oil exports to Japan through expanding bilateral trade,
Saudi Arabian Interior Minister Naif bin Abdul-Aziz said.
    He told a Tokyo reception his country hopes to raise crude
and products exports to Japan to earlier levels, but did not
elaborate. To promote trade, Saudi Arabia is inviting Japanese
industries to do business there, he said.
    Japanese firms now have long-term contracts to import a
total of 150,000 barrels per day of Saudi crude.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17054>
Ecuador will use a new pipeline link
with Colombia to export crude oil for the next five years,
Colombian mines and energy minister Guillermo Perry said.
    The link will be inaugurated on May 8. It was built to
allow Ecuador to resume exports of crude oil halted on March 5
by earthquake damage to its Lago Agrio to Balao pipeline,
    Once that pipeline is repaired, Ecuador will exceed its
OPEC quota in order to offset lost income and pay debts
contracted with Venezuela and Nigeria since the quake, Ecuador
mines and energy minister Javier Espinosa said.
    The two ministers were speaking at a news conference after
signing an agreement for joint oil exploration and exploitation
of the jungle border zone between the two nations. Drilling
will begin in September.
    "The agreement to transport Ecuadorean crude oil is not only
for this emergency period but for the next five years, with
possibility of an extension. Between 20,000 and 50,000 barrels
per day (bpd) will be pumped along it," Perry said.
    Espinosa said Ecuador planned to pump 35 mln barrels
through the link in the next five years, at a cost of 75 cents
per barrel during the first year.
    The 43-km link, with a maximum capacity of 50,000 bpd, will
run from Lago Agrio, the centre of of Ecuador's jungle
oilfields, to an existing Colombian pipeline that runs to the
Pacific port of Tumaco.
    Espinosa said the 32-km stretch of the link built on the
Ecuadorean side cost 10.5 mln dlrs. Perry gave no figures for
Colombia's 11 km segment but said it was "insignificant compared
with what we are going to earn."
    OPEC member Ecuador was pumping around 250,000 bpd before
the quake. Lost exports of 185,000 bpd are costing it 90 mln
dlrs per month, Espinosa said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17478>
Crude oil prices could remain around 18
dlrs a barrel until the end of the year, but OPEC's decision on
output at its next meeting would be the critical factor, an
official of Mexico's state oil company, Petroleos Mexicanos
(Pemex), told a group of Japanese businessmen.
    Adrian Lajous, Pemex' executive vice president of
international trade, said current OPEC output already appeared
to be very near the 16.6 mln barrel per day level it set itself
for the third quarter. "Production is surging ahead of what was
originally planned, while demand is growing more slowly than
envisaged a few months ago," he said.
    He said OPEC had to look very carefully at what level of
production in the third quarter would effectively sustain the
18 dlrs price, and that an increase to what had originally been
envisaged might soften price levels.
    The 13-member cartel is scheduled to meet on June 25 in
Vienna to review its December accord on prices and output.
    "I hope OPEC will follow a very conservative attitude in
terms of volume decisions," Lajous said.
    A repetition of what happened last year, when OPEC boosted
output and sent oil prices tumbling down below 10 dlrs, is
always there as a possibility, he said.
    "I hope never again to go through the trauma of 1986. I
expect other oil exporters have learned their lessons and
discipline will be maintained," he said.
    Lajous said there was still excess supply and as long as
this remains there will be a tendency to instability in oil
markets, but prices should remain around 18 to 19 dlrs during
1987 if output remains under control.
    He said Saudi King Fahd's remarks last month, that
increased production was not so important as long as incomes
would not be affected by the output, were "very relevant and
welcome from such a powerful producer."
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17516>
India's state-owned Oil and Natural Gas
Commission (ONGC) plans to drill more wells in the Bombay
offshore area, where a well spudded in February this year gave
both oil and gas, an ONGC spokesman said.
    The exploratory well, spudded at a depth of 2,140 metres,
yielded 2,000 barrels of oil and 180,000 cubic metres of gas
per day, he said.
    "The well, one of the four structures drilled in the area 80
km north-west of Bombay, indicates good prospects of both oil
and gas. We've decided to drill at least three more wells in
there before starting production on a commercial scale."
    Production of Bombay High, part of the Bombay offshore
field, has stabilised at around 500,000 barrels per day for the
last two years.
    ONGC produced 27.85 mln tonnes of crude in 1986/87 ending
March, up from 27.51 the previous year. Bombay High accounted
for 20.61 mln tonnes, marginally up from 20.10 the year before.
India's total oil output is around 30 mln tonnes.
    ONGC has been exploring the Bombay offshore area, developed
since the late 1970s, for more oil as production from Bombay
High has reached a plateau.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17519>
Saudi Arabia's renegotiation of its
collective agreement with Aramco to purchase oil for the
latter's ex-partners is moving along and should lead to a
fundamental structural change in the contract, oil industry
sources said.
    Petroleum Intelligence Weekly, in this Monday's edition,
said negotiations are moving along for adjustment of the 1.34
mln bpd joint long term agreement at official prices and
volumes and other terms may be rearranged.
    The agreement signed in January for the months from
February to June is up for renegotiation.
    Under the January contract Aramco was to purchase 1.34 mln
bpd for the four partners allocated among them as Exxon Corp
&lt;XON> 440,000 bpd, Texaco Inc &lt;TX> 350,000 bpd, Mobil Corp
&lt;MOB> and Chevron Corp &lt;CHV> 550,000 bpd between them.
    But an overlifting by Texaco Inc in the first quarter
allowed other companies like Exxon Corp to underlift its
obligations under the contract
    PIW said that that one alternative under consideration is
to revert to four individual contracts rather than a collective
agrement.
    John Lichtblau, director of the Petroleum Industry Research
Foundation Inc said that renegotiation of the pact was more of
a formality as the Saudis have each company on a separate
schedule although separate agreements with the companies would
favor one on one negotiations and ensure that contracted
liftings occur .
    "The companies will probably follow the Saudi wants within
limits as they do not want to antagonize them for the long
haul," he said.
    Lichtblau said that the renegotiations would most likely
concentrate on volume rather than price.
    Saudi displeasure with the agreement has long been noted
and in April industry publications said that renegotiation were
being sought, a fact later confirmed by Reuters with Aramco.
    Aramco Corp was formerly owned by Chevron Corp &lt;CHV>, Exxon
Corp &lt;XON>, Mobil Corp &lt;MOB> and Texaco Inc &lt;TX> but is now
owned by Saudi Arabia which bought its assets although the
ex-partners have various agreements with Saudi Arabia.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17618>
Norway is expected to seek a compromise
solution to defuse a row between Den Norske Stats Oljeselskap
A/S &lt;STAT.OL> (Statoil) and Conoco Norge A/S over which firm
will operate the Heidrun oil field, government sources said.
    The sources, who asked not to be named, said the government
will likely recommend that Conoco be allowed to continue as the
field's operator through the development phase, with Statoil
taking over only after production starts in the early 1990s.
    Oil Minister Arne Oeien told Reuters the government had
today discused the Heidrun matter but that no final decision
had been taken and several questions remained unresolved.
    It was unlikely the government would announce its decision
on Heidrun operatorship until after Thursday's cabinet meeting
and after discussing a proposed solution with both companies,
the sources added.
    This spring Norway's state-owned oil company Statoil
exercised an option in the Heidrun field exploration license
that, if approved by the government, would allow it to relieve
Conoco as Heidrun operator, a move sharply criticised by
Conoco.
    Heidrun is often cited by the government and industry as
the most likely candidate for the first field development
project on the Haltenbanken exploration tract off central
Norway.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17658>
Utilization of offshore mobile rigs in
the Gulf of Mexico climbed by 2.1 pct last week to 38.9 pct,
reflecting a total of 91 working rigs, Offshore Data Services
said.
    One year ago, the Gulf of Mexico utilization rate was 32.5
pct. Offshore Data Services said some drilling contractors had
reported recent increases of about 1,000 dlrs a day on large
jackup rigs, which now command rates of 11,000 to 12,000 dlrs a
day.
    In the European/Mediterranean area the rig utilization rate
rose 0.6 pct to 53.6 pct, against 67.3 pct one year ago.
    Worldwide rig utilization rose by 1.2 pct to 57.7 pct,
reflecting a net increase of eight working rigs. Offshore Data
Services said a total of 419 rigs were in use worldwide and 307
were idled last week.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17669>
The U.S. drilling rig count fell by four
last week to a total of 758, against 723 working rigs at this
time last year, Baker Hughes Inc said.
    In Canada, the weekly rig count rose 19 to 100, compared to
46 working rigs last year.
    Among individual states, the steepest declines were in
Oklahoma and Louisiana which lost eight and seven,
respectively. Drilling increases were reported by Michigan, up
by five rigs, and Ohio and Pennsylvania which each rose by
three. Baker Hughes said the total of 758 working rigs in the
United States included 84 rigs working in offshore waters.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17750>
President Reagan said he would discuss
the Mideast Gulf situation with allied leaders at next week's
Venice economic summit and hinted he would seek their help in
preserving free navigation.
    In a speech prepared for delivery as the United States made
plans to protect 11 Kuwaiti oil tankers from Iranian attack,
Reagan said the American people were aware that "it is not our
interests alone that are being protected."
    Saying that allied dependence on gulf oil was no secret,
Reagan declared, "During the upcoming summit in Venice, we will
be discussing the common security interests shared by the
western democracies in the MIDEAST Gulf.
    "The future belongs to the brave. Free men should not cower
before such challenges, and they should not expect to stand
alone."
    Reagan will meet the leaders of Britain, France, West
Germany, Italy, Canada and Japan at the economic summit, which
will take place in Venice June 8-10.
   
    The 13th annual top-level meeting of the major industrial
democracies will take place against a backdrop of rising
congressional concern over Reagan's plan to protect gulf
shipping and demands that the allies do more.
     These concerns were heightened by the May 17 Iraqi missile
attack on the U.S. frigate Stark which killed 37 seamen.
    "They died while guarding a chokepoint of freedom, deterring
aggression and reaffirming America's willingness to protect its
vital interests," Reagan said.
   
    In a pre-summit speech celebrating the 40th anniversary of
the Marshall Plan, Reagan, who spoke to an audience of foreign
affairs experts, also pledged to push for economic expansion by
West Germany and Japan to bolster the world trading system.
    "While the vibrancy of the U.S. economy has contributed
enormously to the world expansion, preserving a growing world
economy is the business of every member of the world trading
community," he said.
   
    "It will be made clear, especially to our friends in Japan
and the Federal Republic of Germany, that growth-oriented
domestic policies are needed to bolster the world trading
system on which they depend."
    Reagan coupled this appeal with a call for compliance with
allied accords on exchange rate stability.
    "Economic policy decisions made last year in Tokyo and at
this year's meetings of Group of Seven finance ministers in
Paris and in Washington cannot be ignored or forgotten," he
said. "The commitments made at these meetings need to be
translated into action."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17771>
Flooding in the Red River on the
Texas/Oklahoma border has shut down the Basin Pipeline, a
24-inch pipeline that transports as much as 300,000 barrels per
day of sweet and sour crudes from Texas to Cushing, Okla, a
Texaco Pipeline Co spokesman confirmed.
    "The water is rushing by so fast that we can't get any
divers down to assess the damage but there is some possibility
that the pipeline could be up by the end of the week," a company
source said.
    The pipeline transmits roughly two-thirds sour crude and
one-third sweet crude oil from the Midland, Texas region.
    Texaco sources said that if the pipeline service is
restored by Friday there would be little problem in restoring
oil which has been lost to the flood.
    "But if the pipeline is down more than 10 days it will be
difficult to make up without prorationing and we would not like
to proration this pipeline, if we don't have to."
    The Basin Pipeline is jointly owned by Atlantic Richfield
Corp &lt;ARC>, Shell Oil Co, a subsidiary of the Royal Dutch/Shell
Group &lt;RD> and Texaco Inc &lt;TX>, which is the pipeline's
operator.
     Peter Beutel, analyst at Elders Futures Inc, said crude
oil futures contracts on New York Mercantile Exchange rose to
new highs this afternoon following news of the pipeline break.
    July crude futures of West Texas Intermediate traded up to
19.60 dlrs a barrel, a rise of more than 20 cts.
    Cash market prices also firmed on the news with sellers of
WTI raising offers to 19.60 dlrs a barrel.
    Sour crudes, which would be most affected by the pipeline
shutdown, however, were slow to react to the news with West
Texas Sour and Alaska North Slope holding 50 cts to one dlr a
barrel below WTI, respectively.
    Dan Stevens, manager of public and government affairs at
Texaco, said the company hopes to fix the pipeline in five days
but that will depend on when the water level of the Red River
recedes. There is already evidence that the water level is
dropping and it appears the rain has stopped in the area
affecting the pipeline, Stevens said.
    He said the segment of the pipeline that was damaged was
underground and at a distance from the Red River that flooded.
The pipeline runs over the Red River and under the subsoil
nearby, according to Stevens. He said some of this subsoil was
apparently washed away.
   
    The potential for environmental damage is being downplayed
at this time despite the volume of oil that runs through this
line.
    Texaco's Stevens said that aerial surveillance has not
found any crude on the water in the river or in Lake Texoma,
which is nearby.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17780>
Rep. Mike Synar said today that while
President Reagan is ready to use military force to protect
Kuwait tankers in the Gulf, the United States is ill-prepared
at home to deal with a new energy crisis.
    Synar, Democrat of Oklahoma, made his remarks in comments
on a study by the General Accounting Office (GAO) on the U.S.
participation in the 1985 test of the emergency oil sharing
program of the International Energy Agency.
    The IEA, an alliance of 21 oil consuming countries, was
formed after the 1973-74 Arab oil embargo to find ways to deal
with any future oil cutoff.
    Synar said, "the president is prepared to take military
action to protect Kuwaiti oil tankers but has been unwilling to
take less dangerous, equally-important action to prepare our
nation for the next energy crisis."
    Reagan said the U.S. military would protect Kuwaiti oilers
to assure the West of a continuing supply of Middle East oil,
increasingly being threatened by the Iranian-Iraqi war. Synar,
who asked for the GAO report after criticism of U.S. action in
a previous IEA test, said the United States successfully
advocated a test limited to training participants in oil
sharing procedures and the system's mechanical aspects.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17813>
Total Petroleum NA &lt;TPN> shut down
several small crude oil pipelines operating near the
Texas/Oklahoma border last Friday as a precaution against
damage from local flooding, according to Gary Zollinger,
manager of operations.
    Total shut a 12-inch line that runs across the Ouachita
River from Wynnewood to Ardmore with a capacity of 62,000 bpd
as well as several smaller pipelines a few inches wide with
capacities of several thousand bpd or less, Zollinger said.
    The Basin Pipeline, a major pipeline running 300,000 bpd,
run by a consortium of other oil companies, was closed today.
    One other small pipeline that Total also closed has a
capacity of 3,000 to 4,000 bpd and crosses the Red River in
Fargo, Texas, Zollinger said.
    He said the closed pipelines run under river water and
could be damaged as the flooded rivers erode the river banks
and expose the piping.
    Zollinger said Total is waiting for the river waters to
recede before they reactivate the pipelines.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17816>
The Energy Department said it reached
proposed oil pricing settlements totaling 680,150 dlrs with the
operator and four working interest owners of A.D. LeBlanc No. 1
well, Vermillion Parish, La.
    Trigon Exploration Co., Inc operated the well from June
1979 to January 1981 for D. Bryan Ferguson, C. William Rogers,
Omni Drilling Partnership No 1978-2 and Entex Inc.
    DOE alleged Trigon caused overcharges of 624,208 dlrs by
improperly classifying its oil as "newly discovered crude," a
classification that allowed charging higher prices during a
period of price controls.
    It said the proposed settlements would resolve disputes
over possible violations by the five parties. DOE added that in
agreeing to the settlements, the five did not admit any
violations or non-compliance with its regulations.
    It said it would receive written comments on the
settlements before making it final.
 reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17875>
South Korea has increased its duty on crude
oil imports to 4.29 dlrs a barrel from 3.29 dlrs, effective
today, the energy ministry said.
    The duty, to raise funds for special energy projects, was
adjusted after average crude import prices rose to 16.85 dlrs a
barrel in April, from 16.65 dlrs in March and 13.08 dlrs in
April 1986, ministry officials said.
    A separate 24.5 pct import tax on crude oil is unchanged.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17886>
Deregulation of Japan's oil industry could
mean hardship for smaller firms and lead to their merging into
bigger refining and marketing groups, industry sources said.
    They said the relaxation of controls was now under review
by the Petroleum Council, an advisory panel to the Ministry of
International Trade and Industry (MITI).
    A spokesman for a major firm said, "Deregulation would bring
about a reorganization. If it's a by-product of freer
competition, we have no choice but to accept it."
    The Council is due to close its discussions on June 12.
    The sources said the Council was likely to tell MITI it
should end its 50 year-old protection of the industry. It
should cut capacity to 3.8 mln barrels per day, about 75 pct of
current capacity. Quotas should end for crude throughput and
gasoline output, and oil tariffs should be abolished.
    They said deregulation was vital to promote more
competition and efficiency, and most saw it as inevitable.
    "Deregulation is taking place everywhere. Now it's our turn
to see if we can survive cut-throat competition," said a source
at one major Japanese oil company.
    A spokesman for a smaller refiner said, "We'll have a hard
time surviving, but that's something we must go through."
    "In addition to our streamlining and efficiency programs for
the oil division, we will exert efforts towards branching out
further into other lines such as real estate and travel
agencies," he said.
    Larger companies are also streamlining. Nippon Oil Co Ltd
which had the largest share of refined products sales in the
Japanese market in fiscal 1985, cut nine pct of its refining
capacity in fiscal 1986.
    Cosmo Oil Co Ltd, the third largest seller of oil products
in 1985, cut its workforce by some 20 pct last year, a
spokesman for the company said.
    Between 1984 and 1986, on the recommendation of the
Council, 13 oil companies were integrated into 11 companies
within seven refining and marketing groups to improve the
efficiency of the industry.
    Oil industry sources said this structure was now likely to
be streamlined further into five refining groups.
    "MITI means business. It will urge the major seven groups to
merge into five to build up their muscles," a source said.
    A MITI official told Reuters he did not rule out the
possibility of further mergers within the Japanese oil industry
in the event of the relaxation of oil controls.
    He declined to officially confirm or deny that the
Petroleum Council had recommended deregulatory measures but
said that in principal MITI would encourage a move towards
deregulation.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17888>
Japan was ready to use diplomacy to help
maintain the security of the Gulf, Prime Minister Yasuhiro
Nakasone said.
    But he told reporters Japan should not cut its lines of
communication with Iran and Iraq because its policy was to take
a broad political stance. Officials of the foreign ministry
said Japan had maintained good relations with both Iran and
Iraq, which have been at war since September 1980.
    Last week Nakasone ruled out Japanese military or financial
help to patrol the waters of the Gulf. About 60 pct of Japan's
crude oil passes through the waterway.
    President Reagan said yesterday the threat to oil routes in
the Gulf from attacks by Iran and Iraq was high on the agenda
for next week's G-7 summit in Venice.
    Reagan has approved plans for the United States to step up
its naval presence in the Gulf despite congressional
expressions of concern and he has called on U.S. Allies to help
maintain freedom of navigation.
    Japan's constitution prevents its armed forces from being
deployed overseas. Nakasone has said that Washington
understands this problem.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17892>
Oman has granted term crude oil
customers retroactive discounts from official prices of 30 to
38 cents per barrel on liftings made during February, March and
April, the weekly newsletter Middle East Economic Survey (MEES)
said.
     MEES said the price adjustments, arrived at through
negotiations between the Omani oil ministry and companies
concerned, are designed to compensate for the difference
between market-related prices and the official price of 17.63
dlrs per barrel adopted by non-OPEC Oman since February.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17913>
Santos Ltd &lt;STOS.S> said it would buy
&lt;Total Exploration Australia Pty Ltd> from &lt;Total Holdings
(Australia) Pty Ltd, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Total-Cie
Francaise des Petroles &lt;TPN.PA>.
    Total Exploration had interests ranging from 18.75 to 25
pct in four blocks in permit ATP259P in south-west Queensland,
Santos said in a statement.
    The Santos group stakes will rise to between 52.5 and 70
pct of the four ATP259P blocks as a result of the purchase. The
price was not disclosed.
    Santos said a number of oil and gas fields have been
discovered in the Total Exploration areas and that it regards
them as having very good prospects for further discoveries.
    Total's reserves amount to 75 billion cubic feet of gas and
5.5 mln barrels of oil and condensate, it said.
    It said it will promote a vigorous exploration program in
the areas for the rest of 1987 and in the future.
    The acquisition is the latest in a series by Santos as part
of a program to expand from its origins in the South Australian
Cooper Basin.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17929>
Saudi Arabia's Oil Minister Hisham Nazer
said Riyadh would not agree to a cut in oil prices and would
not accept a "mad" increase that would drive consumers away.
    He told al-Riyadh newspaper, "Saudi Arabia follows a
balanced petroleum policy. It does not approve of a decrease in
prices from current levels and it also does not accept a mad
increase that would drive consumers away and make them try and
find alternative sources (for energy)."
    OPEC agreed last December to cut production after world
prices hit new lows in 1986. They agreed on a pricing system
aimed to stabilise the market around 18 dlrs a barrel.
    OPEC is scheduled to meet in Vienna on June 25, where it
will review its current oil price and production policy.
    Saudi Arabia's King Fahd said last month that he wanted oil
prices to remain stable for the next two years.
    Saudi Arabia is the architect of the current pricing and
production pact, which is backed by Kuwait and the UAE. The
current pact set a production ceiling for first half 1987 of
15.8 mln bpd, and implemented fixed prices based on an 18 dlrs
a barrel average.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17963>
Saudi Arabia's Oil Minister Hisham Nazer
said Riyadh would not agree to a cut in oil prices and would
not accept a "mad" increase that would drive consumers away.
    He told al-Riyadh newspaper, "Saudi Arabia follows a
balanced petroleum policy. It does not approve of a decrease in
prices from current levels and it also does not accept a mad
increase that would drive consumers away and make them try and
find alternative sources (for energy)."
    OPEC agreed last December to cut production after world
prices hit new lows in 1986. They agreed on a pricing system
aimed to stabilize the market around 18 dlrs a barrel.

    OPEC is scheduled to meet in Vienna on June 25, where it
will review its current oil price and production policy.
    Saudi Arabia's King Fahd said last month that he wanted oil
prices to remain stable for the next two years.
    Saudi Arabia is the architect of the current pricing and
production pact, which is backed by Kuwait and the UAE. The
current pact set a production ceiling for first half 1987 of
15.8 mln bpd, and implemented fixed prices based on an 18 dlrs
a barrel average.

 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18066>
Energy Secretary Donald Hodel said he
expects oil prices to rise significantly by the year 2000,
probably to around 33 dlrs a barrel in current dollars.
    "I do anticipate a significant increase (by 2000).
Thirty-three dlrs a barrel is not unreasonable," Hodel told the
Senate Energy Committee.
    Hodel said the loss of some domestic oil production through
the shutdown of stripper (10 barrels a day or less) wells
because of low prices was probably permanent. He said he was
also concerned by the decline in domestic oil exploration.
    Hodel urged Congress to approve oil exploration in section
1002 of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge in Alaska. He said
geologic condtions in the area were favorable for the discovery
of oil fields equal to those in nearby Prudhoe Bay.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18085>
The current crude oil price of between
18 and 20 dlrs a barrel will remain stable over the next couple
of years, rising only one to two dlrs a barrel per annum to
keep up with inflation, OPEC President Rilwanu Lukman said.
    Lukman, who was speaking during talks with Swedish trade
officials, said the stable price depended upon output restraint
by both OPEC and non-OPEC oil producers, Swedish government
officials said.
    They said Lukman, who is also Nigerian oil minister, made
the remarks whilst talking about the connection between Third
World debt and industrialised nations.
    Crude oil output controls did not necessarily mean higher
energy bills for the world's industrial nations, Lukman said.
    Although very low oil prices, such as those seen around the
beginning of the year, may appear beneficial for the industrial
countries that depend on imported energy, they would only lead
to wastage and overdependence on the fuel in the long term, he
said.
    This in turn would bring a swing back to extremely high
prices, he added.
    Sweden, heavily dependent on imported oil, suffered a major
crisis in the mid-1970s, when oil prices spiralled.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18108>
Energy Secretary Donald Hodel said he
expects oil prices to rise significantly by the year 2000,
probably to around 33 dlrs a barrel in current dollars.
    "I do anticipate a significant increase (by 2000).
Thirty-three dlrs a barrel is not unreasonable," Hodel told the
Senate Energy Committee.
    Hodel said the loss of some domestic oil production through
the shutdown of stripper (10 barrels a day or less) wells
because of low prices was probably permanent. He said he was
also concerned by the decline in domestic oil exploration.
    Hodel urged Congress to approve oil exploration in section
1002 of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge in Alaska. He said
geologic condtions in the area were favorable for the discovery
of oil fields equal to those in nearby Prudhoe Bay.
    "The area could contain potentially recoverable oil
resources of more than 9.2 billion barrels, an amount nearly
equal to the Prudhoe Bay oil field, which currently provides
almost one-fifth of U.S. domestic production," Hodel said.
    He said production from the new section could begin about
the time Prudhoe Bay production begins to decline in 2000
without endangering caribou or other wildlife in the area.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18146>
U.S. analysts expect the American
Petroleum Institute's weekly report on oil inventories to show
a slight build in U.S. stocks of gasoline for the week ended
May 29, oil traders and analysts said.
    While the consensus is for an increase, a few would not
rule out the possibility of an decline. Traders said that
barring any surprises in tonight's report, they expect the
report to be neutral to bearish for oil prices.
    Heating oil stocks are also likely to build and runs to be
steady to slightly higher, which could add pressure on oil
prices, the analysts said.
    Crude oil was seen likely to build assuming imports
continue at relatively high levels.
    Analysts expect gasoline stocks to rise 500,000 to two mln
barrels above the 234 mln reported for May 22.
    Peter Beutel, oil analyst with Elders Futures inc, who
looks for a build said, "We have had five weeks of gasoline
demand at 7.3 mln bpd or more and it is likely to taper off to
between 6.7-7.0 mln bpd, which should make stocks build. Demand
would have to stay above 7.0 mln bpd to have a draw," he added.
    Rising demand is why oil traders and analysts expect a draw
in stocks of about of about one mln barrels.
   
    The U.S. Energy Information Administration in its latest
report for the four weeks ending may 22 said that gasoline
demand was up 4.4 pct to 7.3 mln bpd from the previous year.
    But analysts said hopes of reduced stocks is likely to
founder on increased runs in refineries, which could be up 0.3
pct above May 22's 81.2 pct capacity operated.
    Such an increase would raise runs about 100,000 bpd and add
to U.S. stocks.
    But some analysts said that refiners may have held refinery
runs.
    Heating oil stocks were also expected to build between
700,000 barrels and one mln from the 96 mln barrel level
reported last week, but a rise in distillate stocks was
discounted as having a market impact at this time.
    "A build is seasonal now and not out of line with last year,"
one futures analyst said.
    Analysts said they also expect crude oil stocks to build
between 1.5 mln barrels and three mln from the 325 mln barrels
reported by API for the week of may 22.
    The consensus appears for about two mln barrels to be added
to the nation's inventory.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18186>
The operator of a major U.S. crude oil
pipeline, shutdown because of flood damage, said it may be
several days before repairs are made and the system is
functioning again.
    Dan Stevens, manager of public and government affairs at
Texaco Inc &lt;TX>, operator of the pipeline through its
subsidiary Texaco Pipeline Co, said the company hopes repairs
will begin in about five days and expects it to take several
more days to complete.
    "At this point we are lining up what we know we need, to get
the job done," Stevens said, adding that the timing for repairs
will depend on the damage to the pipeline which is difficult to
assess because of flooding on the Red River.
    The pipeline was shipping roughly 225,000 barrels of crude
oil per day, or about 55 pct of its capacity during the 30 days
preceding its shutdown on Saturday, Stevens said.
    The pipeline was shut down from Cushing, Okla, to Witchita
Falls, Kan, on Saturday due to an undetermined leak at the Red
River crossing, near the Oklahoma/Texas border, because of
severe rains, a spokesman for Texaco said.
    Stevens said it was reasonable to suggest the pipeline
could operate at full capacity when it reopens in order to make
up for the shortfull but cautioned they will talk with
customers to determine their requirements.
    Oil analysts and traders said they were not sure if the 
shutdown will continue to raise U.S. oil prices.
    Monday, after Texaco confirmed that the pipeline had been
closed, West Texas Intermediate crude in the spot market and on
New York Mercantile Exchange's energy futures complex rose 20
cts a barrel.
    Stevens said it was reasonable to suggest the pipeline
could operate at full capacity when it reopens in order to make
up for the shortfull but cautioned they will talk with
customers to determine their requirements.
    Oil analysts and traders said they were not sure if the 
shutdown will continue to raise U.S. oil prices.
    Monday, after Texaco confirmed that the pipeline had been
closed, West Texas Intermediate crude in the spot market and on
New York Mercantile Exchange's energy futures complex rose 20
cts a barrel.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18213>
Overseas Shipholding Group Inc president
Morton Hyman said if oil production by OPEC rises during the
second half of 1987, freight rates for tankers should rise
accordingly.
    Hyman, delivering a speech at the annual shareholders
meeting, said international tanker markets were generally weak
throughout the first quarter, but since the end of March OPEC
oil production has picked up. The result has been a modest
improvement in tanker rates.
    Overseas said 73 pct of its fleet handles liquid cargo.
   
    He said tanker requirements decreased in September 1986 as
OPEC production quotas dropped and levels of oil stocks rose.
    For the first quarter 1987, the company reported net income
of 10.3 mln dlrs, or 40 cts per share, compared to 9.3 mln
dlrs, or 36 cts per share, for the comparable quarter a year
ago.
    The company reported net income for 1986 of 37.3 mln dlrs,
or 1.45 dlrs per share.
   
    "The improvement in the company's 1986 results, after four
years of declining earnings, reflects a sharp, albeit
temporary, rise in freight rates in the international tanker
markets last summer," Hyman said.
    He said the Alaskan oil trade continues to be the principal
source of employment for its U.S. flag tanker fleet, which
represents approximately 15 pct of the company's tonnage.
    Overseas owns and operates 67 vessels.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18234>
Asamera Inc said wholly owned
Asamera Oil (U.S.) Inc concluded the 25.25 mln U.S. dlr sale of
its Denver refinery to Total Petroleum North America Ltd.
    In addition, Total is purchasing crude oil and refined
product inventories at market value, Asamera said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18325>
Amoco Corp's wholly owned Amoco
Canada Petroleum Co Ltd said its proposed 5.22-billion-
Canadian-dlr acquisition of Dome Petroleum Ltd will benefit
Canada just like the foreign investment that made possible
commercial development of Alberta's oilsands.
    Amoco Canada president T. Don Stacy told an oilsands
conference that "Amoco Canada has presented the solution to the
Dome problem, and we're investing our confidence, dollars and
determination to make that solution work."
    The Amoco buyout of debt-burdened Dome has angered Canadian
nationalists, who want a Canadian buyer for Dome.
    Stacy described Amoco Canada's previously reported share
offer proposal as a chance to increase Canadian ownership of
the country's oil and gas industry, now at about 50 pct.
    He reiterated that Amoco planned virtually no layoffs of
Dome employees. He also reaffirmed that Amoco would reinvest in
Amoco Canada-Dome properties all available cash flow for five
years after the acquisition.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18329>
The leaders of a U.S. Senate team probing
American defense strategy in the MidEast Gulf said they favored
a multinational force to keep oil flowing through the waterway.
    Sen. John Glenn and John Warner, in Kuwait as part of a
Gulf Arab tour, said at a news conference that top officials in
the area appeared ready to discuss extra facilities needed if
the U.S. upgraded its defense role.
    The Senate team next heads for the United Arab Emirates,
their last stop on a fact-finding mission prompted by Reagan
administration plans to let half of Kuwait's 22-tanker fleet
fly the U.S. flag.
    Glenn and Warner said the U.S., Britain and France, should
explore the possibility of a unified Gulf force.
    "The American ships, the British ships, the French ships now
talk to each other and all we've got to do is formalize this
arrangement," Warner said.
    Glenn said a multinational force could be effectively
deployed within 24 hours of a decision.
    Glenn voiced a preference for a United Nations
multinational force, or failing that, an American, British,
French force with cooperation from the Gulf Arab states.
    Warner voiced concern that the Soviet Union might use the
situation in the Gulf to raise its presence. "And,
unequivocally, all GCC states we have talked with, have said
that would not be in the interests of the Arabian peninsula."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18332>
A Colombian group announced the suspension
of its bombings of oil pipelines pending the government's levy
of a social tax on foreign petroleum companies and an 800 mln
dlrs fine on the Occidental Petroleum Corp &lt;OXY>.
    There was no indication the government would meet the
conditions demanded by the leftist National Liberation Army
(ELN).
    According to the state oil firm, ECOPETROL, the ELN carried
out 72 attacks on petroleum pipelines between 1984 and 1986.
    The assaults, the most recent launched two months ago, have
caused an estimated total of 50 mln dlrs in damage.
    In a communique, the ELN said it would demand a tax of one
dollar per barrel of crude oil pumped by foreign firms as a
condition for maintaining its suspension of the assaults.
    Foreign oil firms pump an average of 225,083 barrels per
day in Colombia. Colombian tax authorities are investigating
Occidental, a U.S.-owned firm, for alleged tax evasion.
    If the charges are proven, the firm could face a fine of up
to 800 mln dlrs. The ELN demands the government charge the
penalty.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18340>
The European Community (EC) should
watch very carefully for any developments in the Gulf War and
their consequences on the oil market, EC Energy Commissioner
Nicolas Mosar said today.
    Speaking two weeks after a U.S. warship was attacked in the
Gulf, Mosar warned, "An escalation in the Gulf would increase
tensions in the oil market."
    "But I do not want to be alarmist," he told a news conference
after an EC energy ministers meeting in Luxembourg.
    He said the volume of EC oil imports from the Gulf had
declined to around 31 pct of total oil imports in the first
three months of 1987 against 35 pct in the same period last
year. "There are also other potential sources of supplies in the
world," he added.
    The issue of Gulf oil imports was not discussed at the
ministers' meeting, he added.
    A EC committee of national experts in the so-called oil
supply group would discuss Gulf oil supplies at their bi-annual
meeting on June 19, he said.
    But any major decisions would have to be reserved for EC
foreign ministers, diplomats said.
    West European nations have so far shown little enthusiasm
for backing a U.S. plan to give military protection to merchant
ships in the Gulf which could help insure the safety of oil
supplies.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18493>
Australian crude oil and condensate
output fell 7.6 pct to 23,480 megalitres, or about 147 mln
barrels, in the first nine months of fiscal 1986/87 ending June
30, the Department of Resources and Energy said.
    The decline in production in the nine months to end-March
reflected mainly a sharp dip early in the fiscal year, when low
oil prices and high marginal excise rates led to a reduction of
output from Bass Strait, department figures in its Major Energy
Statistics publication show.
    A megalitre is 6,290 barrels.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18521>
&lt;Aramco Corp> has accepted Japanese
nominations to lift a higher proportion of Arab Heavy crude oil
under term contracts in July, oil industry sources said.
    Japanese companies requested a ratio of 80 pct Arab Heavy
to 20 pct Arab Light under a term contract agreement with
Aramco for 100,000 barrels per day, the sources said. The
contractual ratio is 30 pct heavy crude to 70 pct light.
    Japanese demand for heavy crude oil has increased
substantially since the All Japan Seaman's Union ceased sailing
into the northern Mideast gulf last month, causing problems
with liftings of heavy Kuwait and Khafji crudes.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18523>
Indonesia's state oil company, Pertamina,
has informed its affiliated Japanese companies that crude oil
supplies will be 40 pct less than contractual volumes in July,
a spokesman for an affiliated company said.
    He said the allocations were in line with Indonesia's
production ceiling under its current OPEC quota, so they might
be increased if OPEC ratifies a production rise next week.
    Allocations of Indonesia's main traded crude, Minas, had
been cut by 50 pct and Duri by 38 pct, he said.
    Last month contractual volumes were cut by 30 pct.
    Contractual volumes assume no production ceiling.
    Oil traders said Indonesian grades were already trading
above their official selling prices (osp) on the spot market
due to strong demand from Japan and the U.S. And tight
supplies.
    A cargo of Duri loading in July was reportedly traded
yesterday at 70 cents over its osp of 15.60 dlrs per barrel and
Minas is trading about 20 cents higher, they said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18621>
Some OPEC states are unhappy about the
prices assigned to their crude oil but this should not pose
great problems when the group reviews its six-month-old price
and output pact in Vienna next week, oil analysts say.
    They said Nigeria, which holds the OPEC conference
presidency, and Qatar probably have the biggest grievances
about price differentials making some of their crudes
uncompetitive.
    There has also been speculation by Japanese traders that
OPEC might want to mark up prices of high-sulphur heavy crudes,
to correspond with greater demand and higher fuel oil prices.
    But most experts agree that a major overhaul of price
differentials is unlikely, so as to avoid giving the market
signals of a dent in OPEC's new unity.
    "All OPEC members can make a good case for changing
differentials," said one analyst with a major oil company. "But
at the end of the day, the attitude is going to be "leave well
alone' and little or nothing is likely to be altered."
    Iran, Libya and Saudi Arabia are among those who also saw
sales problems earlier this year, traders say. But diminished
customer resistance to fixed prices and, in some cases,
marketing incentives have helped their sales.
    Some producers can sell uncompetitively priced crudes by
means of discounts, processing deals or selling them alongside
better priced grades in a "package."
    Many OPEC crudes are seen to be reasonably priced, at least
for some part of the year. But many experts say OPEC should
change prices quarterly or monthly to match seasonal demand for
fuel oil-rich heavy crudes and gasoline-rich lighter grades. At
its last meeting in December, OPEC agreed to reintroduce fixed
prices from February 1 around an 18 dlr per barrel reference
point. Official prices had been effectively dropped in 1985
when members offered discounts to attract customers.
    OPEC also decided to limit first-half 1987 output to 15.8
mln bpd and proposed ceilings of 16.6 mln for the third quarter
and 18.3 mln for the fourth. Analysts expect it will now extend
or raise slightly the current ceiling for the coming months.
    Spot market and netback values for some crudes do not
mirror official prices, but OPEC will probably keep the 18 dlr
target and at most make minimal changes to differentials,
analysts say.
    The 18 dlr figure is based on a basket of six OPEC and one
non-OPEC crudes. OPEC assigned prices to its other key export
crudes, with a 2.65 dlr gap between the heaviest and lightest.
Extra heavy crudes were among those left out.
    Industry estimates vary on the proportion of OPEC oil
exports actually sold at official prices. Several experts say
only one-quarter to one-third of the total in fact sells at
official prices, with some of the rest included in processing
or barter deals or sold in the form of refined products.
    Problems with the new structure appeared earlier this year,
when some producers' output fell due to customer reluctance to
pay the new prices.
   Nigeria especially found its gasoline-rich Bonny Light crude
-- now OPEC's highest priced grade at 18.92 dlrs a barrel --
was uncompetitive on the spot market against Britain's Brent.
    In February and March, Nigeria's production shrank below
its 1.238 mln bpd OPEC quota. Spot prices have since revived,
due partly to seasonal demand for gasoline, and its output has
risen.
    Some experts feel Bonny Light is still overvalued and say
its price should be cut by between 50 cts to one dlr a barrel.
    But Mehdi Varzi, chief oil analyst with London's Kleinwort
Grieveson Securities, doubts Nigeria will actively push the
differentials question in Vienna.
    "It would not look good for OPEC unity if Nigeria, which
holds the presidency, raised the issue," he said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18651>
Westcoast
Transmission Co Ltd said it agreed to acquire the Western
Canada oil and gas reserves and properties of AGIP Canada Ltd,
a subsidiary of AGIP SpA, part of Italy's ENI group, for 54 mln
Canadian dlrs.
    At the end of 1986, AGIP Canada reported proven and
probable reserves of 4.2 mln barrels of crude oil and natural
gas liquids and 22.7 billion cubic feet of natural gas. AGIP
Canada also holds 176,000 net exploratory acres in Western
Canada. Its properties produce about 1,100 barrels of oil a
day.
    The deal is subject to approval by both companies'
directors.
    Westcoast said the acquisition would enable it to apply
more than 150 mln dlrs of accumulated tax pools of AGIP Canada
Ltd to enhance after-tax cash flow from the acquired
properties.
    AGIP Canada said it would retain offshore exploration
blocks in Labrador, a gold mine in Yukon Territory and uranium
interests in Saskatchewan.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18689>
Shell Canada &lt;SHC>, whose majority
interest is owned by the Royal Dutch/Shell Group of companies,
raised the postings of light sweet and sour crude oil from
Edmonton/Swann Hills 32 Canadian cts a barrel, effective today.
    The new price for light sweet crude oil is 25.60 Canadian
dlrs a barrel while the new price for light sweet sour crude is
24.08 Canadian dlrs a barrel.
    The Royal Dtuch/Shell Group owns 72 pct of Shell Canada and
public shareholders, primarily Canadian, own the remaining 28
pct of the company, a Shell Canada spokesman said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18698>
Canadian Imperial Oil, 70 pct Exxon
owned, said it raised its posting for light sweet crude oil at
Edmonton by 32 canadian cts a barrel, effective today.
    The company said its new posting for light sweet crude oil
at Edmonton is 25.60 canadian dlrs a barrel.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18728>
Southland Corp's subsidiary Citgo
Petroleum said it raised its posted prices for crude oil across
the board by 50 cts a barrel, effective June 17.
    Citgo said its new posting for West Texas Intermediate and
West Texas Sour is 19 dlrs a barrel. Light Louisiana Sweet is
now posted at 19.35, the company said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18736>
Murphy Oil said it increased its crude
oil posted prices by 50 cts a barrel, effective June 17.
The company said its new posting for West Texas Intermediate
and West Texas Sour is 19 dlrs a barrel.
    Light Louisiana Sweet crude is now 19.35 dollars a barrel,
the company said. Increases follow a general trend in the
industry started yesterday by Sun Co.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18738>
Phillips Petroleum Co said it raised
its crude oil posted prices for West Texas Intermediate and
West Texas Sour by 50 cts a barrel, effective June 17.
    The company said the new posted price for WTI and WTS is 19
dlrs a barrel. The increase is in reaction to Sun Co raising
postings similarly yesterday.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18746>
Union Pacific Resources, formerly
Champlin Petroleum, said it raised posted prices for crude oil
by 50 cts a barrel, effective yesterday.
    The price increase brings West Texas Intermediate, the U.S.
benchmark grade, to 19.00 dlrs a barrel.
    The posted price increase follows a similar move by several
other oil companies.
    Sun Co was the first to raise crude oil postings yesterday
afternoon and today many other companies are following.
    The last price increase made by oil companies was around
May 22.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18754>
Coastal Corp &lt;CGP> said it raised the
postings of crude oil 50 cts a barrel across the board,
effective yesterday, June 17.
    The new price for West Texas Intermediate is 19.00 dlrs a
barrel. For West Texas Sour the new price is 18.10 dlrs a
barrel.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18765>
Permian Corp, a subsidiary of National
Intergroup, said it raised its crude oil postings by 50 cts a
barrel, effective June 17.
    the company said its new posted price for West Texas
Intermediate and West Texas Sour is 19 dlrs a barrel, while
Light Louisiana Sweet is now 19.35. The price hike follows
other increases industrywide.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18773>
Petro-Canada, a state-owned oil
company, raised the posting prices of sweet and sour crude oils
32 cts Canadian per barrel, effective today, the company said.
    The change brings the price of light sweet crude to 26.50
dlrs Canadian per barrel and the price of light sour crude to
23.77 dlrs Canadian a barrel. The crude oils are from
Edmonton/Swann Hills.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18774>
The U.K. High Court dismissed an appeal
by Rio Tinto-Zinc Corp Plc's &lt;RTZL.L> RTZ Oil and Gas Ltd unit
and ruled that the financial provisions a company makes for the
future cost of abandoning an oil field are not tax deductible,
the Press Association reported.
    The company was appealing against a decision of the Tax
Commissioners that any such provision was a capital
expenditure, not a revenue expenditure, and was not deductible.
The court was told that since 1976 the company had made an
annual provision of around 750,000 stg for the eventual cost of
abandoning a rig.
    An RTZ spokesman said the ruling was not worrying as the
subsidiary had assumed that the provisions were not deductible
from corporation tax payable.
    It would have been a bonus if the company had won but all
budgeting had been on the assumption that it would not, he
said.
    Oil analysts said that RTZ's assumption of liability was
shared by the industry as a whole.
    The ruling appeared to mean that tax relief on the
expensive process of abandoning rigs would apply when the
expense occurred, not when provisions for future expenses were
built into the accounts, one analyst added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18795>
Unocal said it raised its postings for
crude oil by 50 cts a barrel, effective June 17. The company
said it is now posting West Texas Intermediate and West Texas
Sour at 19 dlrs a barrel.
    Unocal said its new Light Louisiana Sweet posted price is
19.35 dlrs a barrel. the price move follows a wave of increases
initiated by Sun Co yesterday.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18810>
Diamond Shamrock R and M said it raised
its crude oil contract prices by 50 cts a barrel, effective
June 17.
    The company said its new posting for West Texas
Intermediate crude is 19 dlrs a barrel. The price increase
follows similar moves by several other companies.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18840>
Conoco Inc, a subsidiary of duPont
deNemours &lt;DD>, said it raised the contract price it will pay
for all grades of crude oil 50 cts a barrel, effective
yesterday.
    The increase brings Conoco's posted price for West Texas
Intermediate to 19.00 dlrs a barrel. The West Texas Sour grade,
at 34 API, now stands at 18.10 dlrs a barrel. Light Louisiana
was also raised 50 cts to 19.35 dlrs barrel.
    Conoco last changed its crude postings on May 21.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18857>
Kelley Oil and Gas Partners Ltd said it
has agreed to purchase all of CF Industries Inc's oil and
natural gas properties for about 5,500,000 dlrs, effective July
1.
    It said the Louisiana properties had proven reserves at
year-end of 11 billion cubic feet of natural gas and 85,000
barrels of oil, condensate and natural gas liquids.
    Kelley said it currently owns working interests in some of
the properties.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18896>
Cheyenne Resources Inc said it
purchased interests in four producing oil and gas properties
for 2,240,000 shares of the company's restricted stock.
    The largest interest was 25 pct of an oil and gas well in
Weld County, Colo, the company said. Cheyenne said it had five
pct or less interest in the three other properties.
    Cheyenne said it should realized 10,000 dlrs net income
monthly at the properties' current production levels.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19069>
Ceylon Petroleum Corp (CPC) has decided
to renew its one-year contract with Abu Dhabi for 480,000
tonnes of Upper Zakum crude oil, CPC officials told Reuters.
    They said CPC made the recommendation to the cabinet and is
now awaiting its approval.
    CPC's one-year contract with Abu Dhabi expired on May 31
this year and it wants the renewed contract to begin on June 1
at the government selling price. Delivery will be determined in
the course of the year. Last year, shipments were in three
parcels of 120,000 tonnes each and four of 30,000 tonnes each.
    CPC officials also said the company agreed with the
Egyptian government for the supply of 240,000 tonnes of Gulf of
Suez crude for delivery in two shipments this year at the
government selling price.
    Last year, CPC bought 120,000 tonnes Gulf of Suez through
C.Itoh.
    Officials said plans to buy 240,000 tonnes of Basra Light
from Iraq have not been finalised yet because of several
constraints. CPC said it could not accept 120,000 tonne parcels
and proposed to lift 30,000 tonnes in eight shipments.
    Iraq National Oil Co (INOC) told CPC a Red Sea port where
lifting was to take place could not accept small ships. INOC
then proposed to deliver eight shipments of 30,000 tonnes each.
    CPC said INOC planned to ship the oil to an Indian port for
delivery of Indian requirements, later going to Colombo to
offload CPC's needs, but CPC considered this unsuitable.
    CPC said it had not received a reply from INOC since
December. Sri Lanka imports all its annual needs of 1.7 mln
tonnes. This year it plans to buy 400,000 tonnes on the spot
market compared with about 1.3 mln tonnes last year.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19110>
Proven oil and gas deposits in Saudi
Arabia increased in 1986 despite higher oil output, according
to the kingdom's main producing company, Aramco.
    Recoverable oil reserves in Aramco fields rose to 167
billion barrels by the end the year from 166.5 billion in 1985,
while gas reserves jumped by 7.7 pct to 135.8 trillion cu ft
from 126.1 trillion, the company's annual report said.
    Aramco, responsible for all Saudi production except about
200,000 barrels per day (bpd) in the Neutral Zone between Saudi
Arabia and Kuwait, increased production to 4.69 mln barrels per
day in 1986 from 3.04 mln barrels a year earlier.

    Most of 1986 was a virtual free-for-all in production, as
OPEC members abandoned restraint in an effort to recapture
their share of the market. In the process, prices collapsed
from about 28 dlrs a barrel to below nine dlrs, until the
organisation decided to cut production again from last
September onwards.
    Saudi output in 1985 had been the lowest since the 1960s.
    Production of natural gas liquids in 1986 declined slightly
to 304,178 bpd from 316,310, said the report, carried on the
official Saudi Press Agency.
    The increase in reserves came despite a sharp cut in the
number of wells Aramco drilled to 33 in 1986 from 103 in 1985.

    Aramco's only refinery, at Ras Tannurah, processed 142.44
mln barrels (390,246 bpd) of crude last year. The plant was
upgraded to a capacity of 530,000 bpd during the year, enabling
it to supply 50 pct of local demand for oil products, the
report said.
    The country's other five, smaller refineries -- owned by
another state-owned oil organisation, Petromin -- produced
around 750,000 bpd last year.

    Sulphur production rose to 1.23 mln tonnes in 1986 from
998,707 tonnes in 1985. During the year the company began
operating a sulphur granule plant with capacity of 4,000 tonnes
per day, the report said.
    Aramco said it awarded 1,303 contracts last year worth 1.4
billion riyals -- about 370 mln dlrs.

 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19128>
OPEC conference president Rilwanu Lukman
said he expects next week's ministerial meeting in Vienna to be
brief and calm and that OPEC's current price and production
agreement may only need a slight review.
    "I expect the meeting in Vienna to be short and calm,"
Lukman, who is also Nigerian oil minister, told reporters here
ahead of his departure on Sunday for the conference, which
starts June 25.
    "We already have an agreement which may need only a slight
review," Lukman said.
    The agreement reached at a long session of OPEC ministers
in December last year pegged the group's crude oil output at
15.8 mln bpd for first half 1987 at fixed prices of around 18
dlrs a barrel.
    Since then prices have risen from 15 dlrs in December to
just above the official OPEC levels, with oil industry analysts
firmly convinced the organisation will maintain the agreement
to keep the market stable.
    "I myself believe that OPEC will tend to take a position to
strengthen the gains we have made so far," Lukman said.
    He declined to say if the current ceiling should be
maintained or raised to 16.6 mln bpd for the third quarter and
18.3 mln for the fourth as provisionally agreed last December.
    "Whatever decision we arrive at will be guided by our
collective will to keep the market strong," he said.
    He said non-OPEC member Norway, which he visited two weeks
ago, had pledged further cooperation with the group and this
was significant for its members.
    Lukman said heavy destocking by consumers early this year
when OPEC's fixed price regime came into effect and a
restocking now for the winter was responsible for current
market strength.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19193>
Texaco Inc's Texaco Canada said it
will raise  postings for its Edmonton/Swann Hills crude by 24
canadian cts a barrel, effective June 20.
    The company said the new posting for Edmonton/Swann Hills
will be 25.60 dlrs a barrel. The price hike follows a round of
crude oil price increases started late June 17 by Sun Co. The
other major canadian crude suppliers raised prices June 18.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19285>
U.S. crude oil prices are at their
highest level in more than a year ahead of next week's OPEC
meeting, even though most industry analysts do not expect any
policy changes from the session.
    They said prices, which have steadily climbed since the
organization's accord in December, have risen on technical
factors within the market and concerns about supplies because
of the Iran-Iraq war, which could disrupt deliveries from the
Gulf.
    The U.S. benchmark crude West Texas Intermediate is trading
around 20.55 dlrs in the July contract on New York Mercantile
Exchange's energy futures and in the spot market. That is its
highest level since January 1986.
    OPEC conference president Rilwanu Lukman, who is Nigeria's
oil minister, said Friday he expects the meeting in Vienna to
be brief and calm and that OPEC's current price and production
agreement may only need a slight review.
    Although most industry experts expect just a reaffirmation
of the December agreement, oil prices continue to climb due to
a desire to hedge positions in case of any surprises.
    Analysts expect the higher prices to continue until soon
after the OPEC meeting. At that point, barring any increased
tension in the Gulf or changes in OPEC's policies, prices
should begin easing.
    "OPEC will probably not do anything it hasn't already agreed
to in December because oil prices are firm," said John Hill, a
vice president at Merrill Lynch Futures.
    OPEC agreed in December to maintain official oil prices at
18 dlrs a barrel and raise the group's production ceiling to
16.6 mln barrels per day in the third quarter and to 18.3 mln
barrels in the fourth quarter.
    This agreement helped send prices sharply higher, rising
from 15 dlrs a barrel in early December.
    Several OPEC members who are price hawks, including Iran,
Algeria and Libya, will seek a higher official price and a
reduction in output.
    "And if U.S. West Texas Intermediate crude continues to
trade above 20 dlrs a barrel, there is a greater chance that
OPEC will raise its official 18 dlrs price," said Nauman
Barakat, analyst at Smith Barney, Harris Upham and Co.
    But most analysts expect the more moderate producers, such
as Saudi Arabia, to block any changes in policy.
    "The meeting will be a non-event with no change in the
official prices because OPEC, and in particular the Saudis, are
committed to stabilizing the market," said Rosario Ilacqua,
analyst with L.F. Rothschild.
    However, some analysts said OPEC may need to hold a meeting
in September to re-evaluate market conditions.
    Overproduction by OPEC will become a real problem in the
fourth quarter when the quota is raised to 18.3 mln barrels a
day and Iraq's pipeline through Turkey brings another 500,000
barrels to the market each day, said John Lichtblau, president
of Petroleum Industry Ressearch Foundation.
    Most expect Saudi Arabia to oppose a price increase at this
meeting but many look for an increase by year-end to 20 dlrs to
offset the decline in the dollar. Oil prices are denominated
throughout the world in dollars, so as the currency declines,
producers receive less money for their oil.
    "The only real production restraint in OPEC is Saudi Arabia,"
said Sanford Margoshes, analyst at Shearson Lehman Brothers.
    "In the second half of the year we expect the Saudis not to
produce at their 4.1 mln barrel a day quota and therefore act
as a vehicle to stablize the market and pave the way for a two
dlrs a barrel price increase at the December 1987 meeting," he
said.
    One uncertain factor is the course of the Iran-Iraq war.
    "The wild card is the increased tensions in the Persian
Gulf," said Frank Knuettel, analyst with Prudential-Bache
Securites.
    Oil tankers taking oil from Iraq and Kuwait have been
regular targets for Iranian planes. The Reagan administration
is planning to put Kuwait tankers under the protection of the
U.S. flag, with naval escorts.
    "Extra (oil) inventories are needed during a time of crisis
like this, and just general nervousness over an incident that
could disrupt oil supplies drives prices up," Knuettel said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19291>
Unocal Corp said it told the U.S.
Treasury Department that it will not include fluidized bed
combustion technology, a method for the more efficient burning
of solids, at its Parachute Creek oil shale project in Colorado
due to high costs.
    Under a 1985 agreement with the now-defunct U.S. Synthetic
Fuels Corp, Unocal said it would study using the technology at
the oil shale plant. In return the company would have been
eligible for 500 mln dlrs in loan gaurantees and price supports
from the U.S. Treasury Department, which took over the contract
from the Synthetic Fuels Corp, Unocal said.
    Unocal said its studies showed the cost for the fluidized
bed combustion facility would have exceeded 352 mln dlrs,
compared with an original estimate of 260 mln dlrs.
    The fluidized bed facility would have provided heat and
electricity for the oil shale project, Unocal said.
    Last year's fall in oil prices and the loss of investment
tax credit under the Tax Reform Act made the project
uneconomical even with government price supports and loan
guarantees, Unocal said.
    The Parachute Creek oil shale plant produces about 4,000 to
5,000 barrels per day of crude shale oil, Unocal said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19397>
International LPG prices were little
changed in the past week, barely affected by the excitement on
the advent of OPEC's mid-year meeting, traders and industry
sources said.
    "If the OPEC decides to increase crude oil production," a
traders said, "LPG supplies will be up without corresponding
rise in demand."
    Petrochemical buyers were sidelined, after their foray in
the market early in june, they said.
    An industry meeting in Dublin this week also drew many
market participants away from the trading desk, they added.
    Algeria has moved at least two cargoes of propane to the
U.S. Gulf, keeping Mediterranean prices steady, traders said.
    In the Mideast Gulf, propane appeared easing slightly,
after a major U.S. oil company bought propane on formula which
netted back about 123 dlrs, cif Mideast Gulf, which was two
dlrs below Saudi Arabia's government selling price (gsp),
industry sources said.
    Delivered propane to Japan was quoted at gsp plus 19 dlrs
and butane at gsp plus 25 dlrs, the traders said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19403>
The United States said Kuwait was
discussing plans to lease privately-owned U.S. tankers to
transport oil through the Gulf in addition to putting some of
its own vessels under American flags.
    State Department spokeswoman Phyllis Oakley, who made the
disclosure about the tankers, also told reporters the United
States expects to conclude very soon a favorable arrangement
with Saudi Arabia concerning expanded security cooperation in
the Gulf. The two developments occur as the Reagan
administration continued to come under fire in Congress for its
plans to bring 11 Kuwaiti tankers under American flags.
    The move is designed to protect the tankers from Iranian
attacks and ensure freedom of navigation in the strategic
waterway but has raised fears on Capitol Hill that it will draw
the United States into the seven-year-old Iran-Iraq War.
    "The Kuwaitis have discussed the possibility of chartering
U.S. flag vessels with the Maritime Administration," Oakley
said. She emphasized, however, that "if some charter arrangement
could be worked out, it would not supplant the reflagging
arrangement that we worked out with the Kuwaitis."
    In both cases, the ships would be eligible for U.S. Navy
escort in the Gulf, she said.

   The Washington Post today quoted John Gaughan, administrator
of the Martime Administration, as saying Kuwait has approached
an American shipping company about the possibility of a
charter.
    Gaughan said that earlier this week he told representatives
of the company, whose identify he did not know, that chartered
vessels flying the U.S. flag "would be protected," the newspaper
reported.
    Concerning Saudi Arabia, Oakley said "we are moving forward
in our talks ... on how we can tailor our efforts and security
cooperation to facilitate our Gulf operations."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19492>
Santos Ltd &lt;STOS.S> said it had made a
significant oil discovery at its Mawson One well in the Moomba
block of the Cooper Basin, South Australia.
    It said the well flowed oil from sands at an average rate
of 1,440 barrels per day from 2,131 to 2,135 metres through a
6mm choke.
    Santos said the well was cased and suspended pending
further evaluation. But it said the proximity of the discovery
to existing production facilities at the Gidgealpa South field
would allow Mawson One to be brought into production rapidly.
    Santos has a 60 pct stake in the block, &lt;Delhi Petroleum
Pty Ltd> has 30 pct and &lt;South Australian Oil and Gas Corp Pty
Ltd> has 10 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19497>
OPEC has shown itself to be in control
of the world oil situation with its speed in hammering out a
pact to limit crude oil output to 16.6 mln barrels per day
(bpd) for the rest of 1987, oil traders said.
    They said market respect for the cartel has increased since
it announced Saturday that it would cut fourth quarter output
to 16.6 mln bpd from the 18.3 mln agreed in December.
    "There are light oversupplies now, but OPEC ... Has ensured
there will be no oversupplies in the fourth quarter, and is in
effect putting pressure on end-users," a European crude oil
trader said.
    In Tokyo, one oil analyst said, "There's no reason to expect
a weak market from now on."
    A Japanese oil trader, also based in Tokyo, said, "We
thought OPEC would have difficulty agreeing on fourth quarter
production so the market will react very bullishly."
    Traders in Singapore said that while there has been only a
slight increase so far in spot quotes for Dubai, a benchmark
crude, they expect price increases over the next few days.
    August Dubai was discussed in cautious early activity at
around 17.35 dlrs, above Friday's 17.15-20 range, but still
below the government selling price (GSP) of 17.42.
    Even prices of light Mideast grades, such as Qatar and Abu
Dhabi crudes, are expected to improve from recent weak
positions, 15 to 20 cents below their GSP's. Singapore traders
said sellers might now aim for GSP's at least.
    They said that after initial jumps, they expect prices to
stabilise and hover around GSPs for the next few months.
    They said the Japanese oil market would be most affected
and Japanese end-users would need to rebuild stocks for winter
requirements before October.
    Prices are most likely to rise in the fourth quarter on
European and U.S. Stockbuilding for winter, they added.
    "There's no doubt consumption will be higher than production
by the fourth quarter and stocks are not that high," said an
international trader in Tokyo. Another Tokyo trader was less
bullish, "For sure there will be some shortage but it depends on
how much they (OPEC members) cheat."
    A Singapore trade source said, "There is enough cheating and
leakage in the OPEC sales system to convince traders there is
no need to worry about shortages."
    Other traders said the questionable Iraqi production level,
after Iraq's rejection of its assigned quota, was a bearish
factor to be considered.
    Traders also said end-users now would buy as much as
possible on term contracts and buy spot only when the market
cooled from its initial reaction to the OPEC agreement.
    Spot product prices in Singapore were little changed in
thin early discussions, with naphtha and middle distillates
quiet on minimal buying interest.
    Fuel oil products were steady to firm on light demand and
tight prompt supplies, dealers said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19499>
OPEC's agreement to limit output to 16.6
mln barrels per day (bpd) for the rest of the year should boost
spot prices and enable the group to raise its official
reference price to 20 dlrs a barrel in January from the current
18 dlrs, Far East oil industry sources said.
    "Fundamentally, the market situation is bullish and the
official price will be 20 dlrs in January," a Japanese refiner
said.
    The sources said that in spite of over-production by OPEC
members such as Iraq, the United Arab Emirates, Kuwait and
Qatar, demand should exceed supply by the fourth quarter.
    Spot oil prices surged on Friday in late U.S. Trading as
the market anticipated an OPEC agreement on second-half 1987
output. In early Tokyo trade, levels were firm at 17.30 dlrs
for Mideast Dubai cargoes loading next month and 19.00 dlrs for
U.K. Brent, traders said.
    They said they expect more foreign crudes to be sucked into
the U.S. Market as the benchmark crude West Texas Intermediate
(WTI) trades at around 20.30 dlrs.
    "With WTI at 20, 21 or 22 dlrs, U.S. Refiners will import
Mideast and Far East crudes and this will strengthen those
grades further," said a Japanese oil trader.
    Some Tokyo traders were cautious about whether thU spot
market has further upward potential in the short term, having
risen strongly on the OPEC news on Friday.
    "You could certainly argue that if New York rose on that
basis, there's no reason for prices to go up again today," said
one international oil trader in Tokyo.
    "But I think if there's any sign of a dip, it will be bought
back up again pretty quickly," he added.
    One oil industry analyst concurred, "There is no reason to
expect a weak market from now on." He said he expected OPEC to
raise prices to 20 dlrs when it meets on December 9.
    Oil sources said spot prices are unlikely to surge strongly
in the next few months due to cheating by some OPEC members and
the likelihood that Saudi Arabia will act as swing producer to
maintain steady prices.
    Iraq is currently producing around two mln barrels per day
compared to its second-half quota of 1.54 mln, they said. Its
export capability will rise to 2.5 mln bpd when a new pipeline
through Turkey, comes onstream in or around September.
    Qatar is said to be achieving sales of around 350,000 bpd,
against its OPEC-assigned quota of 299,000, by discounting up
to 20 cents a barrel from official prices, the sources said.
    Iran, the United Arab Emirates and Kuwait are also cheating
on the OPEC agreement with over-production and effective price
discounts through counter-purchases, industry sources said. But
they mostly agreed that Saudi Arabia will unofficially act as
swing producer, cutting production to compensate for higher
output by other members or boosting output if spot prices rise
too high too fast.
    Saudi Arabia has a floating oil stockpile of 40 to 50 mln
barrels. "Saudi Arabia wants oil price stability so the
stockpile may be utilized to cool down the market if it rises
too much," an oil industry analyst said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19505>
The acting governor of Saudi Arabia's
state-owned oil company, Petromin, Jamal Hassan Jawa, has
retired at his own request, oil industry sources said.
    They said Ali Ibrahim Rubaishi, head of organisation
planning in Petromin, would take over as acting governor.
    Jawa held the post since his predecessor, Abdul-Hadi Taher,
left in a major oil industry shake up last December.
    The sources said Rubaishi had not been expected to hold the
post permanently.
    The government removed Taher and Oil Minister Ahmed Zaki
Yamani from their posts late last year in a move which industry
sources said was aimed at coming to grips with a buyers' oil
market.
    The two men had run the Saudi oil industry for more than 20
years. Industry sources said that despite huge resources, Saudi
Arabia had been unable to mould an oil marketing strategy tuned
to the competitive realities of the 1980s glut.
    Hisham Nazer, who replaced Yamani, successfully led an
OPEC-engineered return to fixed oil prices of 18 dlrs a barrel
last December.
    Nazer is believed to be reviewing Saudi oil operations
which could lead to a thorough overhaul in the way Saudi Arabia
does business, the sources said.
    The sources had said possible candidates for the governor's
job include Prince Abdul Aziz Ibn Salman Ibn Abdul Aziz, who
earlier ran a research center at Saudi Arabia's University of
Petroleum and Minerals, and former Deputy Planning Minister
Faisal Beshir. They also list Abdulla Bakr, President of the
University of Petroleum and Minerals, economist Ali Jonahi,
Ahmed Shinawi, and Zuheir Masoud, director of Jeddah Islamic
Port.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19506>
UAE Oil Minister Mana Said al-Oteiba
arrived in Alexandria last night for a visit to Egypt, the
national Middle East News Agency (MENA) said.
    It said Oteiba, who had just attended the OPEC ministerial
meeting in Vienna, would stay for several days but gave no
details.
    Non-OPEC Egypt has pledged to restrain output to support
OPEC's moves to boost oil prices. Oil Minister Abdel Hadi
Kandeel last week said Egypt plans to leave its oil production
of 870,000 barrels per day unchanged for the next five years.
Egypt is able to produce up to one mln bpd.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19509>
Norway will extend its 7.5 pct cutback in
planned North Sea oil output in support of OPEC from July 15
until the end of this year, Oil Ministry spokesman Egil Helle
told Reuters.
    "We took a very positive view of the OPEC meeting in Vienna,"
he said. "The accord reached there means stability in the oil
market and we shall continue making our contribution."
    The cuts, originally brought in from February 1, would
probably be officially approved on July 10 by parliament, Helle
said. The ministry had written to Norway's oil companies and
would now discuss with them how best to implement the cuts.
    OPEC agreed this weekend in Vienna on an output ceiling of
16.6 mln barrels per day (bpd) for the rest of 1987 and
retained the fixed prices that were set in its December accord
based on an 18 dlr per barrel reference point.
    OPEC's first half 1987 output ceiling was 15.8 mln bpd, and
it's December pact had provisionally set a third quarter
ceiling of 16.6 mln bpd, rising to 18.3 mln in the fourth
quarter.
    Norway, which pumps around one mln bpd from its offshore
fields, previously said it would continue its output curbs from
planned production for the rest of the year if OPEC remained
within its December accord on output and prices.
    Norway's oil production rose 10 pct to an average of around
840,000 bpd in 1986. Since then it has risen to around one mln
bpd, and is expected to reach about 1.5 mln bpd by 1995.
    The 7.5 pct cut from planned production implemented since
February reduced Norway's oil output by about 80,000 bpd.
    Norway's Oil Minister Arne Oeien, currently in Iceland for
a meeting of Nordic ministers, has made no official statement
on the latest oil production cutbacks.
    Over the past year several other leading non-OPEC
producers, including the Soviet Union, Mexico, China, Malaysia
and Egypt have also pledged support for OPEC's bid to keep
prices stable.
    Norway decided on the initial round of cuts following an
OPEC agreement last December which boosted oil prices to around
18 dlrs per barrel from around 14 to 15 dlrs last December.
    Norway relies on oil for about 40 pct of its total export
earnings and was hit hard by the collapse in the oil price
during the first half of 1986.
    But firmer oil prices since then have brought some
stability to the economy and helped narrow the foreign trade
deficit.
     Norway's North Sea neighbour Britain has consistently
refused to cooperate with OPEC output cuts saying it is up to
the producing oil companies to set the levels of production.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19556>
Following are extracts from the
communique issued at the conclusion of the OPEC conference
here.
    "The conference expressed satisfaction about the positive
results of the agreement signed in December, 1986, by which
OPEC re-established the system of fixed price at a level of 18
dlrs per barrel supported by OPEC production ceilings
distributed into national production levels.
    "The conference noted that all market indicators, including
spot prices in the market and netback values of all OPEC
crudes, have been firming up significantly, thus consolidating
the OPEC price structure as defined by the agreement."
    "The conference examined the supply/demand outlook for the
second half of the year and decided that in order to secure
continued firm prices in the market, OPEC production during the
fourth quarter of 1987 will be equal to that of the third
quarter, I.E. 16.6 mln barrels per day (bpd), distributed into
the same national production levels as were defined by the
above-mentioned agreement for that quarter."
    "Furthermore, the conference decided to establish a
committee of five heads of delegation to monitor the price
evolution in the market in relation to the OPEC official prices
in order to secure price stability around the opec price
structure.
    "Should there be any significant change in market prices,
the committee would immediately call for an extraordinary
meeting of the conference with a view to deciding on the
necessary OPEC production levels during the second half of the
year, which would secure the desired market stability."
    "The conference reiterated the necessity of member
countries' strict adherence to the agreement signed in December
1986, both in terms of official price, and national production,
levels.
    "For this purpose, the conference decided to establish a
committee of three heads of delegation to undertake visits to
member countries in order to motivate them to comply with the
terms of the agreement."

    "Moreover, the conference stressed the necessity of the
cooperation of the oil-producing exporting countries outside
OPEC as an essential prerequisite for a lasting market
stability.
    The conference, therefore, decided to reinstate the group
of five heads of delegation established by the 77th
(extraordinary) meeting of the conference in April, 1986 to
undertake the necessary contacts with those countries.
    "The conference observed the continued fall in the value of
the U.S. Dollar and agreed that the matter should be studied
and reported to the next meeting of the conference."

    "The conference discussed the appointment of the secretary
general and decided to discuss the matter again in its next
ordinary meeting.
    "The conference extended the term of office of Fadhil
al-Chalabi as deputy secretary general for a period of one year
from October 7, 1987.
    "The next ordinary meeting of the conference will be
convened in Vienna on December 9, 1987."

 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19559>
OPEC output for the second half of 1987,
including that of Iraq, will be above the official 16.6 mln
barrels per day (bpd) output ceiling agreed by OPEC Saturday,
Kuwait oil minister Sheikh Ali al-Khalifa al-Sabah, said.
    Iraq refused to sign the pact, by which OPEC maintained its
ceiling at 16.6 mln bpd for both the third and fourth quarters
of 1987. In December, OPEC set a provisional fourth quarter
level of 18.3 mln bpd, now cut back to the third quarter
target.
    Ali told a news conference that including Iraq, "OPEC third
quarter output will be between 17.5 and 17.7 mln bpd while
fourth quarter output will be nearly 18 mln bpd"
    Ali did not detail what effect he thought these production
levels would have on prices.
    Iraq has an official first half quota of 1.466 mln bpd,
rising to 1.54 mln in the second half, but has refused to
adhere to it and has recently been producing around two mln
barrels per day, exporting it through pipelines to Saudi Arabia
and Turkey. Iraq's export capacity will be further boosted when
a 500,000 bpd oil pipeline via Turkey comes on stream in about
September.
    Iraq has been insisting on a quota equal to its Gulf War
enemy Iran, which has a quota of 2.255 mln bpd, rising to 2.369
mln in the second half.
    Ali said the position of the 400,000 bpd production from
the Neutral Zone between Saudi Arabia and Kuwait, which has
been supplied to Iraq as war relief crude, was fixed. "We will
not discuss it. There will not be any change," he said.
    Ali said the conference, which began Thursday and ended
Saturday evening, had been too short for all necessary problems
to be adressed. "We are overdoing it in holding too short a
meeting. We sweep a lot under the carpet," he said.
    Ali said the problem of price differentials between the
prices of various OPEC crudes had not been dealt with properly
at the meeting.

    Ali said "The problem of differentials is a real one. I
would hate to be producing today a light crude and that problem
has not been dealt with properly. Light crudes are overpriced
relative to heavy crudes."
    Asked if the issue of differentials would be raised at the
next OPEC meeting to be held in Vienna on December 9, Ali said
"If my crudes are affected I will raise the issue, I will not do
the work of another minister."
    Kuwait's own crudes range from medium to heavy grades.
    OPEC reintroduced fixed prices on February 1, with a spread
of 2.65 dlrs a barrel between its lightest and heaviest crudes.
       
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19560>
Iraq has rejected its new OPEC
production quota set in Vienna for the second half of this
year, the official Iraqi news agency INA reported.
    It quoted Oil Minister Issam Abdul-Rahim al-Chalabi, who
returned Sunday, as saying "Iraq will continue to adhere to its
position considering itself as not included in the agreement."

    Last December, Iraq rejected its assigned first half 1987
quota of 1.466 mln bpd and demanded a share equal to the 2.255
mln bpd quota set for Iran, its enemy in the nearly
seven-year-old Gulf war.
    The accord reached by OPEC ministers in Vienna Saturday set
an output ceiling of 16.6 mln bpd for the group's 13 members
from July to December, raising Iraq's share to 1.54 mln bpd and
Iran's to 2.369 mln.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19684>
U.S. moves to increase its warships in
and around the Mideast Gulf could trigger more attacks on
unprotected merchant ships but run little risk of sparking a
direct military clash with Iran, diplomats said.
    They said the American decision inevitably carries some
risk of armed confrontation, but Iran -- despite its blunt
rhetoric -- would want to avoid this as much as Washington.
    "As Iran knows very well, what America is bringing into the
Gulf could do serious damage," said one western diplomat.
    Diplomats see the greatest potential danger in more attacks
on "soft targets" such as merchant shipping not protected by
American or other western navy vessels patrolling the Gulf.
    The risk of Iranian attack on U.S. Warships or Kuwaiti oil
tankers carrying the U.S. Flag and under naval escort is rated
by diplomats as low. However, "There is the threat that the
Iranians, seeing these heavily protected U.S.-flag tankers,
will go for softer targets," one diplomat said.
    Tehran Radio quoted Iran's top defence spokesman Ali Akbar
Hashemi Rafsanjani as saying yesterday that Washington was
"moving to the brink of an armed encounter with us."
    The U.S. is increasing its Gulf fleet from seven to 10
warships and sending the refurbished battleship Missouri to
patrol just outside the Strait of Hormuz.
    The build-up ties in with U.S. plans to start escorting
Kuwaiti oil tankers next month, which have been re-registered
to fly the American flag to give them naval protection.
    Shipping serving Kuwait has come under repeated attack by
Iran, angered at the emirate's war backing of Iraq.
    Concern in the region has mounted over the threat posed by
Chinese-made Silkworm missiles, which the U.S. says Iran is
preparing to deploy near the Strait of Hormuz.
    The Missouri, with its four-escort flotilla, is likely to
make Iran think twice about using the missiles, diplomats said.
    A military source in the Gulf has said Iran also set up a
launching site for the Silkworms on captured Iraqi soil in the
Faw peninsula, within range of Kuwait.
    "But anything that went as far as a direct attack on Kuwaiti
territory would be a very serious escalation" likely moving
world opinion against Iran, remarked one.
    Some diplomats believe Iran could also consider carrying
out reprisals against the United States outside the Gulf.
    Rafsanjani, who is also parliamentary leader, predicted
last Friday "a river of blood" throughout the world in the event
of any U.S. strike against Iran.
    Western diplomats said Iran, which Washington has accused
of being behind state-sponsored terrorism, had no demonstrable
capacity to carry out attacks in the U.S. itself.
    Diplomats saw few potential targets in Lebanon now that
most Americans have left in the wake of kidnappings linked to
pro-Iranian groups. But Europe and Asia were potential
trouble-spots, and Kuwait was one of the most obvious targets.
    Any backlash was likely to take the form of sabotage or
other action to make it difficult to blame Iran, they added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19756>
U.S. House Speaker Jim Wright said he
would question President Reagan tomorrow about his plan to
protect Kuwaiti oil tankers with U.S. warships from attacks by
Iran in the Gulf.
    House and Senate Democrats, who control Congress, have been
critical of Reagan's plan but have not decided how or if they
should try to pass legislation to prohibit it.
    Wright, a Texas Democrat, told reporters the Administration
had gone ahead with plans to reflag the Kuwaiti tankers as U.S.
ships without asking Congressional leaders for their advice.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19832>
A North Sea oil find announced by Chevron
Corp's &lt;CHV> Chevron Exploration North Sea Ltd may indicate a
new field with recoverable crude oil reserves of 300 mln
barrels, industry analysts said.
    Chevron said a sidetrack well on block 16/26 on the U.K.
Continental shelf tested 9,000 barrels per day (bpd) of 20 API
crude oil from the tertiary "Alba" sand through a three-inch
surface choke.
    "The estimated amount of oil at the Alba field is around 320
mln barrels," Paul Spedding of stockbroker Kleinwort Grieveson
and Co told Reuters.
    He said industry estimates put the total reserves at the
field at over one billion barrels, but given the low gravity of
oil, the recovery rate would be expected to be around 20-25
pct.
    Analysts said the results were encouraging, but the
potential difficulty of operating and recovering oil in the
field was shown by the fact that the first well had to be
plugged and a sidetrack drilled.
    "The field seems to be shallow and widespread, which will
require a multi-platform development in recovery, pushing costs
up," Christopher Osborne of stockbroker Hoare Govett said.
    Most analysts said that although the low gravity of the oil
found would require additional costs in recovery, the test well
showed that it flows well.
    "Although the gravity of oil at the field seems to be low,
it seems to flow quite well and around 300 mln barrels could be
recovered," Carol Bell of Phillips and Drew told Reuters.
    However, Chevron officials declined to comment on the
analysts' reserve estimates. They said that without further
research and drilling in the area this summer, they would not
disclose any reserve figures.
    Analysts said that if the field were declared commercial
and developed, there would be a ready local market for the
heavy crude it produced.
    "Most refineries are now upgraded to refine heavy oils and
the price differentials between heavy and light crudes are a
lot narrower today," Osborne said.
    Chevron operates the block on behalf of 16 companies which
include British Petroleum Development Ltd, DSM Hydrocarbons
(UK) Ltd, Enterprise Oil (TNS) Ltd, Marathon Int. Pet. (GB) Ltd
and Phillips Petroleum Co U.K. Ltd.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19844>
Ecuador will produce crude oil in excess
of its 221,000-bpd OPEC quota during the second half of this
year, Energy Minister Fernando Santos Alvite told a news
conference.
    Ecuador plans to produce 280,000 bpd in August, rising to
320,000 bpd next January, the minister said.
    "We will be producing more than the quota to pay off the
crude and products we have been lent by Venezuela, Nigeria and
Kuwait and to compensate for the crude we have been unable to
produce during the past few months," he said.
    Earthquake damage to a pipeline sharply cut Ecuadorean
production from March to May this year.
    Santos said the move had been explained to fellow OPEC
members during last week's meeting in Vienna, when an increase
in Ecuador's quota to 221,000 bpd from 210,000 was approved.
    "They understood our position and we believe we remain
within the spirit of the (quota) agreement," he said.
    Immediately before the March quake Ecuadorean production
was 250,000-260,000 bpd, with 144,000 bpd exported.
    While its production was down, Venezuela, Nigeria and
Kuwait loaned Ecuador a total 12 mln barrels of crude and four
mln barrels of products, Santos said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19869>
Venezuela's cabinet approved a new
exchange rate for oil and mining export earnings, setting it at
14.50 bolivars to the dollar from 7.50 bolivars previously,
Minister Manuel Azpur UA said.
    Azpur told reporters after a cabinet meeting that the
measure is "fundamental to conserving the economic and financial
strength of the petroleum industry."
     He said the new exchange rate, which goes before the
central bank for final approval tommorrow, will allow the state
oil company Petroleos De Venezuela, S.A.(PDVSA) to solve its
problem of working capital and implement investment plans,
estimated at 20 billion bolivars for 1987. He did not say when
the measure would become effective.
   Venezuela's oil industry previously sold its dollar earnings
to the government at 7.50 to the dollar but bought foreign
exchange from its imports at 14.50 bolivars.
   The new exchange rate will promote purchases of domestic
goods and services by the industry, Azpur said. He added that
it would also put PDVSA in a position to purchase more
government debt bonds.                        
    PDVSA had available liquid assets of 20 billion bolivars at
the start of this year, of which nine billion were in a trust
fund in the Central Bank of Venezuela (BCV) and placed in
government bonds.
  According to a contract between PDVSA and the central bank,
the BCV must provide cash as the oil industry requries by
repurchasing the bonds.
    PDVSA's contribution to the treasury last year was 44.480
billion bolivars. It foreign earnings for oil and petrochemcial
sales were 8.023 billion dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19903>
Henley Group Inc's M.W. Kellogg Co
subsidiary said it in consortium with &lt;Inelectra> received a
contract from Corpoven S.A., a Venezuelan-owned domestic oil
company, to revamp and expand its El Palito Refinery.
    Kellogg said the installed cost of the work to be performed
is estimated to be 130 mln dlrs. Inelectra, Kellogg said, is a
major Venezuelan engineering firm.
   Kellog said the project will enable the refinery to produce
BTX products -- benzene, toluene, and orthoxylene -- by
processing naphtha feed from an expanded reformer-hydrotreater.
    Kellogg said the refinery's reformer-hydrotreater will be
upgraded to 9,500 barrels a day capacity from 7,500.
    It said the new BTX process units include aromatic
extraction, xylene fractionation, xylene isomerization and
thermal hydrodealkylation.
    Kellogg pointed out that Venezuela now imports all of its
BTX aromatics.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19927>
Venezuela's government tomorrow presents
a 1988 budget proposal for 183.432 billion bolivars, based upon
an oil price of 16.35 dlrs per barrel, finance minister Manuel
Azpurua said.
    Azpurua told reporters after a cabinet meeting the new
budget projects ordinary income of 149.925 billion bolivars and
extraordinary income of 34.186 billion. Oil revenues are
expected to produce 92.014 billion, or 61 pct of the total.
    The finance minister said the oil revenue projection is
based on an average price of 16.35 dlrs per barrel in 1988.
Venezuelan oil through the first half of 1987 has averaged 16.
20 dlrs per barrel, according to the state oil company
Petroleos de Venezuela, S.A.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19996>
Japan said it understood why the U.S.
Attacked an Iranian oil platform on Monday.
    "Japan, deeply concerned over the increasing threat to the
ships navigating in the Gulf, understands the circumstances
that have led the United States government to take these
measures," the Foreign Ministry said in a statement.
    The statement added that the threat to free and safe
navigation had increased after the missile attack on a
U.S.-flagged tanker in Kuwaiti territorial waters last Friday.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19998>
World oil prices would remain stable
despite the U.S. Attack against Iranian oil platforms and
growing tension in the Gulf, Venezuelan Energy Minister Arturo
Hernandez Grisanti said on Monday.
    He described the situation as "extremely tense," but said
Gulf military activity would not significantly affect prices
because supply and demand were roughly equal.
    Demand for OPEC crude in the final quarter of 1987 was 18.5
mln barrels per day (bpd) and the group's members were now
pumping above 18 mln bpd, he told a news conference.
    Hernandez Grisanti said the supply/demand balance was
precarious and prices were in danger of falling from their
current average of about 18 dlrs per barrel if overproduction
continued.
    Three or four members of the 13-nation Organisation of
Petroleum Exporting Countries were "overproducing in an
exaggerated manner" above their assigned quotas, he said.
    OPEC's overall ceiling is 16.6 mln bpd.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20008>
Malaysia's national oil company,
Petronas, has advised the government to raise crude oil output
to 540,000 barrels a day (bpd) in 1988 from a current 500,000
bpd, a senior company official said.
    "We have the capacity to produce the amount," Rastam Hadi,
Petronas's Vice-President for Upstream Sector said.
    The government will announce its decision on Friday when it
unveils the country's budget. Malaysia raised output this month
to current levels from 420,000 bpd after reviewing the world
oil market. In May, Malaysia cut output to 420,000 bpd from
459,000 in response to a call by OPEC to boost prices.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20030>
Oil prices would skyrocket for a time if
conflict in the Gulf closed the Strait of Hormuz, but oil
supplies could be adjusted to take care of world demand,
Indonesian Energy Minister Subroto said.
    He made no explicit reference to the latest U.S. Military
action in the Gulf.
    But in an address to a conference of the Indonesian
Petroleum Association, he said, "If worst comes to worst and say
the flow of oil through the Straits of Hormuz is completely
shut off, I believe the world oil supply, given time to adjust,
can take care of the situation."
    "But this is not to say that prices, at least for a short
duration, will not skyrocket as speculators take advantage of
the situation," he declared.
    Tensions in the Gulf, however, usually had a relatively
short-term impact on prices, he added.
    Assessing future price trends, he said, "Short-term spot
prices will probably still fluctuate, but they will most likely
hover around the official Opec price basket of 18 dlrs per
barrel.
    "The upward deviations, however, are likely to be greater
than the downward ones."
    "The balance between supply and demand in the short term
will still be delicate," he added. "Non-Opec production may still
go up, competing with Opec for the expected additional increase
in world demand."
    Subroto, a member of Opec's three-man quota committee which
has been touring cartel members, said speculation may play
havoc with spot prices, but Opec was trying to stabilize the
situation by urging cooperation by non-Opec producers.
    In the medium term, non-Opec production would reach a
plateau in the early 1990s, leaving Opec much stronger, he
said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20090>
U.S. Attacks on two Iranian oil platforms
in the Gulf -- both of which were still blazing -- caused
damage estimated at 500 mln dlrs, Tehran Radio quoted Iranian
Oil Minister Gholamreza Aqazadeh as saying.
    The rigs, one of which was heavily shelled by four American
destroyers on Monday, were still burning almost 24 hours after
the attack and could cause widespread pollution in the Gulf,
the minister told a news conference in Tehran. He said the
Reshadat rigs, 120 miles (200 km) east of Bahrain in
international waters, were in the final stages of
reconstruction after an attack by Iraqi jets last year.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20092>
Iranian Premier Mir-Hossein Mousavi
reiterated his country would retaliate for U.S. Navy attacks on
Gulf oil platforms.
    "The U.S. Attack on Iran's oil platforms jeopardises our
national sovereignty ... And we will retaliate properly for
this perfidious American aggression," Mousavi told a news
conference in Damascus.  On Monday U.S. Navy warships blasted
the Rostam platform, and Navy personnel stormed a second
platform a few miles away. Washington said the operation was
aimed at destroying positions used by Iran to track and assault
neutral Gulf shipping.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20093>
The Indonesian state-owned oil company
Pertamina has found new offshore oil and gas resources in East
Aceh, on the western tip of northern Sumatra, a company
spokesman said.
    The spokesman said the discovery was made at the GOS IA-1
offshore exploratory well about 38 kms east of Langsa in Aceh.
    "Oil and gas are found in sand layers at the depth of 2,300
metres within the Baong formation," he said.
    He said preliminary tests showed that the well could flow
oil at the rate of 1,320 barrels a day with 50 degrees API at
20 degrees centigrade through a 5/8 inch choke.
    "The well also flows natural gas at the rate of 12 mln
standard cubic feet a day," he added.
    GOS IA-1 well, located at a water depth of 41 metres, was
drilled under a production sharing contract between Pertamina
and Japex North Sumatra Ltd, each having 50 pct shares.
    "Petroleum operations are to be carried out by Pertamina as
operator through a joint operating body established by the two
companies," the Pertamina spokesman stated.
    The contract covers the Gebang block contract area. The two
companies have previously completed the drilling of GOS IIA-1
exploratory well, around 14 kms south of GOS IA-1.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20095>
Indonesia told the oil industry on
Tuesday it will extend contracts on producing blocks and
improve the investment climate, but wants to see increased
expenditure on exploration in return.
    President Suharto, in an opening speech to the Indonesian
Petroleum Association, said Indonesia was ready to extend
contracts held by foreign oil companies on producing areas.
    "In order to boost investment in the petroleum industry, the
government of Indonesia has basically approved of extending
production sharing contracts under the present laws," Suharto
said.
    "Apart from that, the government will keep improving the
investment climate in order to accelerate the development of
the petroleum industry," he said.
    Indonesian Energy Minister Subroto told the Association he
was aware that the oil industry needed to be assured that
contracts on blocks expiring within the next 10 years would be
renewed before they would invest in further exploration.
    "As we all have heard this morning, the President is fully
aware of this situation," Subroto said.
    "The government has already made the political decision to
entertain this time problem by inviting the existing producers
to continue their activities in Indonesia, albeit on a
selective basis."
    Indonesia, one of the 13 members of OPEC, must find new oil
reserves if it is to remain an exporter in the next decade, oil
industry sources say.
    Subroto said the government was also working to ease other
problems, including granting easier terms for remote areas or
deep water conditions.
    But Subroto said relations with oil companies were two-way
and that they should step up expenditure on oil exploration now
that the oil price had recovered.
    President Suharto said he wanted to see greater transfer of
technology to Indonesian companies, and more help from the oil
industry for the regions in which companies operated.
    Abdul Rachman Ramly, the President of state oil company
Pertamina, has said that budgeted exploration and production
expenditure for all oil companies in Indonesia was forecast to
fall to 3.1 billion dlrs in calendar 1987 from 3.4 billion in
1986.
    Pertamina has 69 production-sharing or joint operation
contracts with foreign oil companies.
    Subroto said speeding up necessary approvals for field
operations was a government priority. There had been
misunderstandings between the government and the oil industry
in certain areas, such as when a field is designated
commercial, and a thorough evaluation was being made.
    He said the government wanted to finalise contract
extensions as soon as practical, and urged the industry in the
meantime to maintain its exploration drive.
    Subroto said Indonesia needed the companies to maintain
exploration efforts, even if their contract was due to expire
within 10 years. "This need in itself is some sort of guarantee
that we will soon have to come up with an extension agreement."
    Eleven major contract areas are due to come up for renewal
between 1991 and 2001, industry sources said.
    Extension of the contracts on the blocks has involved
detailed negotiations but so far no extension has been granted.
    Subroto told reporters afterwards that contract extensions
would be selective, based on how much capital would be
invested.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20101>
Iran is preparing lawsuits to file for
compensation from the U.S. Over the American raid on its Gulf
oil platforms, Tehran radio quoted Iranian Oil Minister
Gholamreza Aqazadeh as saying.
    The lawsuits would be filed with competent international
bodies once the exact damage was calculated, he was quoted
telling a news conference in Tehran. He earlier estimated the
damage from the U.S. Raid at about 500 mln dlrs.
    The rigs, one of which was heavily shelled by four American
destroyers on Monday, were still burning almost 24 hours after
the attack, he said.
    Aqazadeh said the half-billion-dollar damage estimate was
preliminary. Washington has said the attack was in response to
a missile strike against the American-flag tanker the Sea Isle
City in Kuwaiti waters on Friday.
    He denied that there was any military hardware on the rigs
"except a 23 mm machinegun for air defence." Reacting to
Weinberger's remark that Washington considered the case closed,
Aqazadeh said: "Iran will also consider the case closed after
its retaliatory measure." Iranian officials have said their
response would not be limited to the Gulf and U.S. Interests
around the world might come under attack.
    Aqazadeh said the U.S. Military presence in the Gulf
aggravated the regional crisis and made access to the region's
oil more difficult, but he did not see the U.S. Attack
significantly affecting oil prices.
    IRNA said he gave no explicit reply when asked if the
attack would prompt Iran to block the Hormuz Strait at the
entrance to the Gulf.
    "If Iran cannot use the Hormuz Strait, no other country can
either, and this would be to everyone's harm," the radio quoted
him as saying.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20103>
Iranian Premier Mir-Hossein Mousavi
reiterated his country would retaliate for U.S. Navy attacks on
Gulf oil platforms.
    "The U.S. Attack on Iran's oil platforms jeopardises our
national sovereignty ... And we will retaliate properly for
this perfidious American aggression," Mousavi told a news
conference in Damascus.  On Monday U.S. Navy warships blasted
the Rostam platform, and Navy personnel stormed a second
platform a few miles away. Washington said the operation was
aimed at destroying positions used by Iran to track and assault
neutral Gulf shipping.

 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20270>
Norway's September oil output rose by 22.2
pct to 1.07 mln barrels per day (bpd) from 830,492 bpd in
August, according to a Reuter survey of firms operating here.
    Operators said the sharp rise reflected higher output at
several of Norway's biggest fields and resumed production at
fields shut down for 27 days in August for the Ekofisk field
rescue project.
    Industry analysts said the increase did not exceed Norway's
voluntary move to curb by 7.5 pct planned growth in its oil
output, a move designed to back OPEC-led efforts to stabilise
oil prices by limiting supplies to world crude markets.
    Norway, not an OPEC member, decided in June to extend the
production restraints, enforced since February 1 1987, on all
its North Sea fields for the rest of the year.
    Oil Minister Arne Oeien said last month he expected Norway
would extend into 1988 its policy of slowed production growth.
    The biggest increase was seen on the Ekofisk field, which
pumped 168,023 bpd in September against 48,195 bpd in August,
field operator Phillips Petroleum Norway Inc said.
    Ekofisk and the nearby Valhall and Ula fields, which use
the Ekofisk pipeline, were shut down for most of August while
Phillips raised Ekofisk platforms to counter seabed subsidence.
    BP Petroleum Development Norway Ltd, operator of the Ula
field, said September output rose to 86,727 bpd after dropping
to 27,237 bpd in August because of the shutdown.
    Valhall, operated by Amoco Norway A/S, flowed 74,694 bpd
last month compared with 69,748 bpd in August, the company
said.
    September production was also sharply higher at the
Statfjord field. Norway's 84 pct share of Statfjord, which
extends into the British North Sea sector, was 611,138 bpd
against 552,646 bpd in August, operator Den Norske Stats
Oljeselskap A/S (Statoil) said.
    Norway's 22.2 pct share of the Murchison field which, like
Statfjord, extends into the British sector, yielded 15,388 bpd
in September, a slight 920 bpd decrease from the previous
month, Norwegian partners on the British-operated field said.
    Statoil boosted output at its Gullfaks field to 109,670 bpd
in September, compared with 100,188 in August.
    Norsk Hydro, operator of the Oseberg field, said test
output at the field from the mobile production ship Petro Jarl
totalled 1,719 bpd last month, down sharply from 16,170 bpd in
August.
    Hydro said the drop was caused by failure to bring on
stream a second well, cutting September production to just two
days.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20333>
Iran's top war spokesman Ali Akbar
Hashemi Rafsanjani on Tuesday called the U.S. Attacks on two of
its Gulf oil platforms an escalation and promised retaliation.
    "God willing, we will carry out our duty in the coming days
and make them sorry," said Rafsanjani in a speech to Parliament
later broadcast by Tehran Radio.
    The Tehran leadership have been quick to threaten vengeance
after the U.S. Raids on the rigs, one of which was destroyed.
    President Ali Khamenei, Prime Minister Mir-Hossein Mousavi
and now Rafsanjani within 24 hours of the U.S. Action have all
vowed retaliation.
    Rafsanjani, the parliamentary speaker, said, "It is not a
threat or an attempt at intimidation when we say we will
respond to aggression -- it is a reality and we have proved it
in practice." He added that the American attack "squares neither
with its superpower image nor its claim of concern with
security, nor reason and wisdom."
    U.S. Warships shelled an Iranian offshore oil platform and
American special forces boarded another, destroying equipment.
    The U.S. Government said the attack was a measured response
to an Iranian missile attack on the American-flagged Kuwaiti
tanker Sea Isle City in Kuwaiti waters last Friday.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20420>
Phillips Petroleum Corp said it raised
the contract price it will pay for all grades of crude oil by
50 cts a barrel, effective Oct 16.
    The increase brings the company's postings for the West
Texas Intermediate and West Texas Sour grades to 19.00 dlrs a
barrel.
    Phillips last changed it crude oil postings on Sept 9.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20459>
Iran and the Soviet Union have
provisionally agreed to hold talks on a possible exchange of
Iranian crude oil for finished Soviet oil products, an official
spokesman said Tuesday.
    Gennady Gerasimov, chief of the Soviet Foreign Ministry's
Information Directorate, told reporters the agreement had been
reached during a visit to Moscow last week by Iran's Oil
Minister Gholamreza Aqazadeh.
    Gerasimov said no date had been set for the talks, which
would also study the possibility of Soviet technical assistance
for Iran's oil industry.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20464>
The United States warned Iran again 
that it was ready to retaliate for any further hostile military
action in the Gulf as U.S. warships began escorting another
tanker convoy southward from Kuwait.
    U.S. Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger said the U.S.
sought no further Gulf hostitilies but was ready to deal with
any Iranian response to Monday's attack on an Iranian oil rig.
    Several hours later, the Pentagon announced that U.S.
warships had begun escorting two U.S. flag Kuwaiti tankers --
the 80,000 ton product carrier Ocean City and 46,000 ton
liquified petroleum tanker Gas King -- southward from Kuwait.
    The Defense Department said the 12th such convoy of U.S.
flagged Kuwaiti tankers through the Gulf began at 0230 EDT
under the escort by the U.S. guided missile frigate Ford. It
did not say what oth U.S. warships were in the area.
    "It (the convoy) is now progressing uneventfully in the
central Gulf," the Pentagon statement said.
    Asked on NBC's "Today" program if the United States was
prepared for a major war with Iran, Weinberger said, "Well we
are prepared I think for whatever eventualities emerge from
this situation but we don't look on it as a war."
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20474>
The Soviet oil production target for 1988
has been set at 625 mln tonnes, a rise of eight mln tonnes over
this year's planned output.
    Oil Minister Vasily Dinkov announced the figure on Tuesday
at the Supreme Soviet, the country's nominal parliament.
    He said a new development strategy, fuller use of oil
deposits and better housing and pay for oilmen had allowed an
upsurge in the oil industry after three years of stagnation
which began in late 1983.
    Last year the Soviet Union produced 615 mln tonnes of oil,
slightly short of the target of 616.7 mln.
    January-September figures released at the weekend showed
Soviet oil output in the first nine months of this year at 467
mln tonnes. The 1987 target is 617 million.
    Dinkov said the Soviet Union would develop 38 new oil
deposits in the coming year. He called for speedier geolog
prospecting across the country to spur the oil industry.
    The Supreme Soviet convened on Monday to endorse the 1988
budget and plan. The session is expected to end on Tuesday.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20632>
U.S. military planners ruled out
Iran's Silkworm missiles as a target in the retaliatory attack
mounted on Monday for fear of being drawn more deeply into the
Iran-Iraq war, defense and Middle East experts said.
    U.S. naval forces destroyed an offshore oil platform and
raided another in what the administration called a "measured and
appropriate response" to an Iranian Silkworm missile attack last
Friday on a U.S.-flagged tanker in Kuwaiti waters.
    Private analysts generally agreed that going after the rig
rather than an onshore economic or military target such as
Silkworm launch sites reflected a careful bid by Washington to
limit the political, military and diplomatic fallout both at
home and in the Gulf.
    "It simply demonstrated the United States will take military
action when they (Iran) take military action," Norman Polmar, a
defense analyst and author, said.
    He said hitting the platforms had spared Iran the
embarrassment of casualties on its own soil, possibly avoiding
an escalating spiral of attack and counterattack.
    In addition, it minimized the risk to U.S. forces and the
potential embarrassment of any losses, including aircraft that
could have been shot down had they taken part in an attack.
    Anthony Cordesman, author of a new book on the Iran-Iraq
war, said the United States apparently chose a limited target
to keep alive the possibility that U.N. Secretary General
Javier Perez de Cuellar might still persuade Iran to accept a
Security Council call for a ceasefire.
    "We want the U.N. peace initiative to work if there's any
chance at all," he said, adding that the action made it clear
tougher steps would follow if Iran to attack Gulf shipping.

   In targeting an oil rig -- albeit one said by the Pentagon
to have been turned into a military command post -- Washington
also sent a message that it might be willing to attack Iran's
economic lifeline. Pentagon officials said the platform had
been used as a base for Iranian raids against shipping in the
lower Gulf.
    "We have chosen a military target, but we also have shown
Iran that we are willing to interfere with its oil-exporting
capabilities," Cordesman said.
    He predicted the United States would respond to any future
major Iranian challenges by hitting Iran's naval base at Bandar
Abbas on the Straits of Hormuz, followed by mining the
approaches to Iran's oil export terminal on Kharg Island.
    Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger said on Monday the
United States did not seek further confrontation with Iran, "but
we will be prepared to meet any escalation of military action
by Iran with stronger countermeasures." 
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20653>
Outer Continental Shelf oil and gas
lease sale number 97 in the Beaufort Sea, tentatively
schedualed for January 1988 has been postponed, the U.S.
Department of Interior said.
    Alan Powers, chief of the Minerals Maanagement Service for
the department, said the delay is to have more time to study
the effects of drilling noise on whale migrations.
    Powers said the state has asked for additional noise data
for the sale area off Alaska's North Slope. A new date has not
been set, but it will likely be no sooner than next March,
Powers said.
    Some 3,930 blocks encompassing about 21 mln acres are
involved in the proposed sale. The area is between three and
160 miles off the northern coast of Alaska in the Artic Ocean
between the Canadian border and 162 degrees west longitude.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20662>
The state-run Ecuadorean State Oil
Corporation (CEPE) has named Jaime Sanchez Valdivieso as its
new general manager replacing Carlos Romo Leroux, a CEPE
spokesman said.
    The spokesman told Reuters Sanchez is a 46-year-old civil
engineer who formerly headed CEPE's administration and finances
division.
    Romo Leroux resigned last week for "personal and family"
reasons, the spokesman said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20709>
Amoco Corp said it raised the contract
price it will pay for most grades of crude oil by 50 cts a
barrel, effective today.
    The company said the increase brings its posting for West
Texas Intermediate to 19.00 dlrs a barrel. West Texas Sour, at
34 degrees API, was raised to 18.10 dlrs. The Light Louisiana
Sweet grade was also increased 50 cts to 19.35 dlrs a barrel.
    Amoco said Wyoming Southwest Sweet, Colorado Western, and
two Utah grades of oil, Black wax and yellow wax, were
unchanged. The company last changed its crude oil postings on
September 28.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20721>
Texaco Inc said it raised the contract
price it will pay for most grades of crude oil by 50 cts a
barrel, effective October 16.
    The company said the increase brings its posting for the
U.S. benchmark grade, West Texas Intermediate, to 19.00 dlrs a
barrel. The West Texas Sour and Light Louisiana Sweet grades
were also raised 50 cts to 18.10 and 19.35 dlrs a barrel,
respectively.
    Texaco last changed its crude oil postings on September 15.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20756>
The State Department says many U.S.
diplomatic missions overseas are on high alert for possible
retaliation from Iran for Monday's attack on two Iranian oil
platforms by American forces in the Gulf.
    At the same time, the Pentagon announced on Tuesday that
U.S. forces have begun escorting another Kuwaiti tanker convoy
southward through the Gulf from Kuwait.
    The State Department renewed its warning to Americans not
to travel to Iran because of what spokeswoman Phyllis Oakley
called, "its virulent anti-American policies and support for
terrorism."
    "The threat to Americans has increased significantly," she
said in announcing that the department was reiterating advice
it last made in January. The department said about 2,600
American citizens live in Iran, the overwhelming majority dual
nationalities.
    Oakley said no specific warning has been issued to U.S.
diplomats and Americans living abroad in the aftermath of the
U.S. attack on the oil drilling platforms, but "many of our
missions are on a high state of alert."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20774>
A new convoy of tankers escorted by
American warships headed down the Gulf on Wednesday, towards
Iranian oil platforms still oozing smoke after having being
blasted by U.S. Navy raiders.
    Some Gulf sea captains were reported to be steering well
clear of Iran's Silkworm missiles, however, and frontline
emirate Kuwait redeployed air defences to counter the threat.
    "I think the predominant feeling ... Is of being scared this
conflict will escalate," a top West German Foreign Ministry
official, Helmut Schaefer, told reporters in Bahrain after a
tour of three Gulf states.
b
    Shipping sources said on Tuesday night at least six sea
captains had voiced fears that Iran would avenge Monday's U.S.
Raids by unleashing more Silkworm missiles at ships plying the
Gulf.
    Belgium decided two minesweepers en route for the Gulf
would stay out for the time being following Monday's U.S.
Action.
    But there was no sign that the prospect of more tit-for-tat
assaults had reduced the level of shipping activity in the
area.
    Iran, having vowed to react strongly after Monday's U.S.
Action, launched a barrage of threats and ridicule.
    For its part, Washington warned Iran again on Tuesday that
it was ready for any further hostile action.
    Pentagon officials then announced that a U.S. Guided
missile destroyer began escorting two Kuwaiti tankers flying
the U.S. flag southwards--the 80,000 tonne product carrier
Ocean City and 46,000 tonne petroleum tanker Gas King.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20778>
Artillery shells from an exchange of fire
between Iran and Iraq fell on Kuwait's northern border on
Tuesday but caused no casualties, the Kuwait News Agency KUNA
said, quoting a Defense Ministry official.
    There were rumors in world oil markets on Tuesday that Iran
had fired shells at an oil camp in northern Kuwait in
retaliation for U.S. Attacks on Iranian oil platforms in the
Gulf on Monday. "Several shells fell in a random manner on the
northern border of the country," the official told KUNA. "It
seems these shells arose from an exchange of fire between Iran
and Iraq... No one was wounded and there were no losses."
    Diplomats said shells from the nearby Iran-Iraq warfront
had in the past fallen in the northern Kuwaiti desert.
    A senior Kuwait Petroleum Corporation official had earlier
told Reuters he was unaware of any attack against Kuwaiti oil
installations.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20828>
The U.S. Senate on Tuesday backed
President Reagan's retaliatory strike against Iranian targets
in the Gulf as it moved to take a greater role in making policy
in the volatile region.
    Senators voted 92-1 for a non-binding measure that endorsed
Monday's U.S. attack on two Iranian oil platforms in
retaliation for an Iranian attack last Friday on a Kuwaiti ship
flying the American flag.
    The measure said the attack was a firm indication of U.S.
resolve that Iran "cannot take military action against the
United States with impunity."
    Earlier, the Senate cut off Republican stalling tactics and
set a vote on a measure that could give Congress a larger role
in making Gulf policy. The measure, however, does not require
Reagan to comply with the 1973 War Powers Act, which could lead
to a pullout of U.S. forces from the Gulf.
    While Democrats and Republicans praised the U.S.
retaliatory strike, many voiced new fears about the growing
U.S. involvement in the Gulf and some demanded that Reagan
comply with the War Powers Act.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20869>
Dwindling global crude oil reserves and
the lack of any major new discoveries in recent years will send
the world into an energy crisis by 1990, the former Atlantic
Richfield Co chairman Robert O. Anderson said.
    "It's going to come sooner than anyone thinks," Anderson
told reporters after addressing a Houston business lunch. "I
believe we're going to see a change in the world oil markets in
two to three years because oil is becoming harder to find."
    Anderson, who retired from Arco last year to form Hondo Oil
and Gas Co, said world oil consumption is approaching 60 mln
barrels a day but a current excess capacity cushion of about
4.5 mln barrels a day will rapidly disappear.
    "If you looked around the world, you could not scrape up
one mln barrels a day in shut-in production outside the Middle
East," he said. "We're soon going to be right back where we
were in 1973 and 1979."
    Anderson predicted that world oil prices would end 1987 at
about 24 dlrs a barrel and continue a gradual climb.
    "There's no way prices can stay flat because there isn't
enough supply," he said. "There have been no major oil
discoveries for the past 15 to 20 years."
    Alaska's Prudhoe Bay oil reserves, the last major world
discovery, has already produced about five billion barrels of
oil or more than half of its estimated reserves, he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20878>
Venezuela will back Ecuador's bid to
raise its OPEC quota above 221,000 barrels per day (bpd)
because it is a justifiable demand, Venezuelan Energy Minister
Arturo Hernandez Grisanti said on Monday.
    He told reporters the country deserved a higher quota in
compensation for the five months it was forced to suspend oil
production when its main pipeline was destroyed by an
earthquake last March.
    "For this five-month period, Ecuador did not exercise its
right to produce 221,000 bpd," he said. "We should recognize
Ecuador's right to increase its quota ... There is a basis of
justice in that country's petition."
    He added however, the quota increase should be gradual to
avoid harming the market, he added.
    Hernandez Grisanti said he understood Ecuador would
formally submit the request for a higher quota at the next
ministerial conference of the Organization of Petroleum
Exporting Countries (OPEC) opening December 9 in Vienna.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20881>
The United States invoked the right
of self-defense in destroying an Iranian oil platform in the
Gulf, the American delegation told the United Nations.
    Lieutenant General Vernon Walters sent letters about the
incident to Security Council President Maurizio Bucci, the
delegate of Italy, and Secretary General Javier Perez de
Cuellar.
    U.N. press secretary Francois Giuliani said the Secretary
General had no comment on the attack, which followed his appeal
last Friday for restraint in the crisis while he pursued
efforts to obtain a ceasefire between Iran and Iraq.
    In his explanation, Walters said the United States took
defensive action in response to an Iranian attack against
American ships in the Gulf.
    He cited an Iranian Silkworm missile strike last Friday in
Kuwait waters against the United States-flag ship Sea Isle
City.
    Walters said that military forces on the destroyed Iranian
platform had engaged in a variety of actions against United
States-flag and other nonbelligerent vessels and planes.
    "In accordance with Article 51 of the United Nations
(Charter), I wish, on behalf of my government, to report that
United States forces have exercised the inherent right of
self-defense under internation law by taking defensive action
in response to attacks by . . . Iran against United States
vessels in the Gulf," Walters said.
    Members of the Security Council met behind closed doors on
Monday to discuss developments in the Gulf war, but no
statement was issued afterwards.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20882>
France voiced its comprehension for a U.S.
Attack on an Iranian target while calling for a swift halt to
the Gulf War to avoid further escalation.
    "The French authorities reaffirm their attachment to the
freedom and security of navigation and to the right of all
states to take action under international law and the United
Nations charter to halt attacks such as that of October 16," the
Foreign Ministry spokesman said in a statement.
    The United States said its forces destroyed an Iranian oil
platform in the Gulf and struck at a second on Monday in
retaliation for a recent Iranian missile attack on a
U.S.-flagged Kuwaiti ship.
    Washington said the platforms were used to monitor shipping
and to launch small-boat attacks on shipping. The French
statement described the target as "an Iranian military platform."
    But the French statement added that "everything must be done
now to avoid that these military developments lead to a new
escalation of the conflict."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20890>
American lawmakers rallied behind
President Reagan for the U.S. strike against Iranian targets in
the Gulf but the attack fueled a sharp new White House-Congress
debate over limits on his powers to make war.
    The Pentagon announced on Monday that U.S. warships
destroyed a non-producing oil platform used for monitoring Gulf
ship traffic and military operations, and also raided a second
Iranian oil rig in retaliation for an earlier Iranian attack on
a Kuwaiti ship flying the American flag.
    Many Democrats, who control Congress, and Republicans
expressed support for the attack and praised it as an
appropriate "measured response."
    But Democrats and liberal Republicans voiced new fears that
the growing confrontation between Tehran and the United States
could erupt into a major war, and demanded that Reagan comply
with the 1973 War Powers Act, which could lead to a pullout of
American forces from the waterway.
    "Those who contend the strike was necessary must realize
their words are easily construed as a tacit endorsement of war
with Iran," said Sen Mark Hatfield of Oregon, a Republican.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20909>
Iranian foreign minister ali akbar
velayati, here on a two-day official visit, informed cuban
foreign ministry officials on monday on the tense situation in
the gulf, diplomatic sources said.
    They said the envoy's trip, to be followed from tuesday by
a visit to nicaragua, could be linked to a possible mediation
of the non-aligned movement in the seven-year-old iran-iraq war
but they ruled out any prominent cuban role in it.
    Velayati could not be reached for comment on the U.S.
Attack on an abandoned iranian oil rig on monday which tehran
vowed to avenge.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20919>
Unocal Corp said it raised its posted
prices for most U.S. grades of crude oil by 50 cts a barrel,
effective October 16.
    The move brings the price the company will pay for the U.S.
benchmark grade, West Texas Intermediate, and West Texas Sour
to 19 dlrs a barrel.
    The price was last changed September 9, Unocal said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20936>
Atlantic Richfield's Arco Oil and Gas Co
said it increased contract prices for crude oil by 50 cts a
barrel, effective today.
    Arco said the 50 cts increase brings its posted price for
West Texas Intermediate, the U.S. benchmark grade, to 19.00
dlrs a barrel.
    The price of West Texas Sour was increased to 18.10 dlrs.
Light Louisiana Sweet was raised to 19.35 dlrs.
    The price was last changed on September 30.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20959>
William Crowe, chairman of the U.S.
Joint Chiefs of Staff, predicted Iran will retaliate for the
U.S. strike against its oil platform though he said Iranian
options were limited.
    "They will be determined. They will not be easily deterred,
and let me stress for you that our commitment there is not
going to be risk free or casualty free."
    He said the most likely Iranian response would involve
terrorism or the laying of mines.
    "They obviously will look for ways that are probably more in
line with the 'silent hand' than what they have tried thus far,"
Crowe told an American Stock Exchange conference.
    He declined comment on a reporter's query whether he
favored a stronger move against Iran than that ordered by the
president.
    "We carried out the operation that was decided upon and we
carried it out with enthusiasm and I think it was
professionally and well done," Crowe said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20981>
U.S. warships destroyed an Iranian oil
platform in the Gulf on Monday and the Navy also raided a
second oil rig in retaliation for Friday's Iranian missile
attack on a U.S. flag tanker, the Pentagon said.
    President Reagan and Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger
warned Iran of even stronger countermeasures if the military
escalation between the two countries continued in the volatile
waterway.
    Reagan said he ordered the strike on the first platform by
four U.S. destroyers, which fired about 1,000 five-inch shells
at the Rostam oil rig 120 miles east of Bahrain in the central
Gulf.
    A short time later, Navy personnel boarded a second Iranian
oil platform about five miles to the north and destroyed radar
and communications equipment before leaving the structure, the
Pentagon said.
     Defense Department spokesman Fred Hoffman told reporters
that the second platform had been abandoned by Iranian
personnel during the shelling and destruction of the first rig.
    The United States said both platforms were being used to
keep track of Gulf merchant shipping and to launch speedboat
attacks on such shipping by Iranian Revolutionary guards.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20991>
British Foreign Secretary Sir Geoffrey
Howe backed the United States' attack on an Iranian oil
platform on Monday and said it should not worsen the Gulf
crisis.
    "The United States is fully entitled to take military action
in exercise of rights of self-defense, in the face of the
imminent threat of further attacks," Howe said in a statement
issued in London.
    The United States said its forces destroyed the platform on
Monday in retaliation for an Iranian missile attack on a U.S.-
flagged Kuwaiti ship last Friday.
    Referring to that attack, Howe added, "I trust the Iranians
will fully understand that continued attacks of this kind will
only enhance justification for firm action in self-defense."
    At a press conferenced in Luxembourg during a meeting of
European Community (EC) ministers, Howe was asked about
statements from a senior Iranian official who said America was
now involved in a full-scale war.
    "It would be profoundly undesirable and quite unjustified
for Iran to react in that way," he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21002>
Huge oil platforms dot the Gulf like
beacons -- usually lit up like Christmas trees at night.
    One of them, sitting astride the Rostam offshore oilfield,
was all but blown out of the water by U.S. Warships on Monday.
    The Iranian platform, an unsightly mass of steel and
concrete, was a three-tier structure rising 200 feet (60
metres) above the warm waters of the Gulf until four U.S.
Destroyers pumped some 1,000 shells into it.
    The U.S. Defense Department said just 10 pct of one section
of the structure remained.
    U.S. helicopters destroyed three Iranian gunboats after an
American helicopter came under fire earlier this month and U.S.
forces attacked, seized, and sank an Iranian ship they said had
been caught laying mines.
    But Iran was not deterred, according to U.S. defense
officials, who said Iranian forces used Chinese-made Silkworm
missiles to hit a U.S.-owned Liberian-flagged ship on Thursday
and the Sea Isle City on Friday.
    Both ships were hit in the territorial waters of Kuwait, a
key backer of Iraq in its war with Iran.
    Henry Schuler, a former U.S. diplomat in the Middle East
now with CSIS said Washington had agreed to escort Kuwaiti
tankers in order to deter Iranian attacks on shipping.
    But he said the deterrence policy had failed and the level
of violence and threats to shipping had increased as a result
of U.S. intervention and Iran's response.
    The attack on the oil platform was the latest example of a
U.S. "tit-for-tat" policy that gave Iran the initiative, said
Harlan Ullman, an ex-career naval officer now with CSIS.
    He said with this appraoch America would suffer "the death
of one thousand cuts."
    But for the United States to grab the initiative
militarily, it must take warlike steps such as mining Iran's
harbors or blockading the mouth of the Gulf through which its
shipping must pass, Schuler said.
    He was among those advocating mining as a means of bringing
Iran to the neogtiating table. If vital supplies were cut off,
Tehran could not continue the war with Iraq.
    Ullman said Washington should join Moscow in a diplomatic
initiative to end the war and the superpowers should impose an
arms embargo against Tehran if it refused to negotiate.
    He said the United States should also threaten to mine and
blockade Iran if it continued fighting and must press Iraq to
acknowledge responsibility for starting the war as part of a
settlement.
    Iranian and Western diplomats say Iraq started the war by
invading Iran's territory in 1980. Iraq blames Iran for the
outbreak of hostilities, which have entailed World War I-style
infantry attacks resulting in horrific casualties.
    Each side has attacked the others' shipping.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21006>
A U.S. attack on an Iranian oil platform
in the Gulf on Monday appeared to be a tit-for-tat raid
carefully orchestrated not to be too provocative or upset Arab
allies, Western diplomats in the region said.
    U.S. Defence Secretary Caspar Weinberger said Monday that
U.S. Warships destroyed the oil platform in the southern Gulf
in response to a missile strike on the American-registered
Kuwaiti tanker Sea Isle City in Kuwaiti waters on Friday.
    "We consider the matter closed," he said, a signal the U.S.
administration did not want the Gulf crisis to escalate.
    Iran had warned the United States earlier in the day
against exacerbating the Gulf crisis, saying military action
would endanger American interests.
    Following the raid, a okesman for Tehran's War
Information Headquarters vowed to avenge the attack with a
"crushing blow."
    "The United States has entered a swamp from which it can in
no way get out safely," Tehran Radio quoted him as saying.
    Diplomats noted, however, Iran was also seeking to avoid
ostracism by Arab states due to meet at a summit in Amman on
November 8 and discuss the Iran-Iraq war.
    Iranian Prime Minister Mir-Hossein Mousavi is currently in
Damascus, and diplomats said he would seek Syrian help in
preventing a total Arab breach with Tehran.
    Further escalation of the war threatening the Gulf Arab
states could work against Tehran at the Amman gathering, they
said.
    "The ball is in Iran's court now. It's up to Tehran to
respond one way or the other," a diplomat said.
    President Ronald Reagan warned Iran of stronger American
countermeasures if the military escalation continued.
    Western diplomats and military sources in the area said
shelling the platform appeared to be the least provocative act
the United States could have taken once it had decided to
retaliate for the tanker attack, blamed by both the Americans
and Kuwaitis on Iran.
    "It's interesting that they chose something in international
waters because it doesn't implicate any other nation," one
diplomat said. "This was better for U.S. Relations with the Gulf
Arab states, particularly Kuwait."
    Commented another diplomat: "Kuwait must be happy that the
U.S. Has done something, but relieved that Faw was not attacked
on its doorstep."
    One source said of the attack on the oil platform: "They
managed to warn off the crew and hit something that was the
least nuisance to everybody."
    A diplomat commented: "They were very clever in the place
they chose. It gets attention, but it hasn't devastated
anything because it wasn't working in the first place."
    A senior Arab banker in the area said after the news broke:
"This was a good, measured response without risking a flare-up
... It is a face-saving response (for the Americans)."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21013>
Military experts say the United States
faces a dilemma in the Gulf following U.S. destruction of an
Iranian oil platform in retaliation for an attack on a
U.S.-flagged tanker.
    The experts told Reuters Tehran holds the initiative and is
likely to control the tempo and direction of the conflict as
long as America simply reacts to Iranian attacks by launching
limited retaliatory strikes.
    But if Washington seizes the initiative with bolder steps
-- such as mining Iran's harbors, blockading its shipping, or
destroying key bases -- it could find itself in a major war.
    "Iran is in the driver's seat in an absolute sense as the
cycle of attack and retaliation continues," said Fred Axelgard,
a Gulf War expert with the private Center for Strategic and
International Studies (CSIS).
    "It's like a Greek tragedy," said retired Adm. Eugene Carroll
of Washington's private Center for Defense Information (CDI)
think tank.
    Some Middle East experts say the only way out is for
Washington to join forces with Moscow in pressing for an end to
the war between Iran and Iraq.
    They say it is not feasible for America to withdraw its
30-ship force from the Gulf area, where the Navy began
escorting U.S.-flagged Kuwaiti tankers in July. Withdrawal 
would give the appearance of being chased away by Iran, which
President Reagan could never accept.
    U.S. Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger told a Pentagon
news conference the destroyers Kidd, Young, Leftwich and Hoel
fired about 1,000 rounds of five-inch shells at Iran's Rostam
oil rig 120 miles east of Bahrain beginning at about 1400 Gulf
time (0700 EDT) on Monday.
    Weinberger said the platform had been used as a military
base by Iran and that the attack responded to an Iranian
Silkworm missile strike on the U.S.-flagged Kuwaiti tanker Sea
Isle City on Friday.
    Iranians manning the platform were warned in advance and
allowed to escape.
    "We do not seek further confrontation with Iran, but we will
be prepared to meet any escalation of military action by Iran
with stronger countermeasures," Weinberger said.
    "We consider this matter closed," he said.
    Analysts ranging from the liberal CDI to conservatives
agreed the U.S. reaction was measured, reasonable and did not
escalate the conflict unduly. But they said the question was
whether Iran would consider the matter closed. It had not taken
this view after earlier clashes.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21018>
Norwegian state oil company Den Norske
Stats Oljeselskap (Statoil) signed contracts worth a total of
1.5 billion Norwegian crowns in connection with the development
of the Veslefrikk oil field, Statoil said.
    Moss Rosenberg Verft of Stavanger has been awarded a
contract to convert the the drilling platform West Vision to a
floating production platform. The work is to be completed in
the summer of 1989.
    Aker Verdal has been awarded a contract for the
engineering, purchasing and construction of the steel jacket
for the wellhead platform, also to be completed in 1989,
Statoil said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21067>
Citgo Petroleum Corp, a subsidiary of
Southland Corp, said it raised the contract price it will pay
for all grades of crude oil by 50 cts a barrel, effective Oct
16
    The increase brings Citgo's postings for the West Texas
Intermediate and West Texas Sour grades to 19.00 dlrs/barrel,
while Light Louisiana SWeet is now priced at 19.35 dlrs.
    Citgo last changed it crude oil postings on Sept 9.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21076>
Venezuelan Energy Minister Arturo
Hernandez Grisanti said he foresaw market stability in the
price of crude, despite growing tension in the Gulf augmented
by the U.S. military attack on an Iranian oil platform.
    He told a news conference the market continues to be stable
despite all the military action in the Gulf.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21131>
Ample supplies of OPEC crude weighing on
world markets helped limit and then reverse oil price gains
that followed the U.S. Strike on an Iranian oil platform in the
Gulf earlier on Monday, analysts said.
    December loading rose to 19.65 dlrs, up 45 cents before
falling to around 19.05/15 later, unchanged from last Friday.
    "Fundamentals are awful," said Philip Lambert, analyst with
stockbrokers Kleinwort Grieveson, adding that total OPEC
production in the first week of October could be above 18.5 mln
bpd, little changed from September levels.
    Peter Nicol, analyst at Chase Manhattan Bank, said OPEC
production could be about 18.5-19.0 mln in October. Reuter and
International Energy Agency (IEA) estimates put OPEC September
production at 18.5 mln bpd.
    The U.S. Attack was in retaliation of last Friday's hit of
a Kuwaiti oil products tanker flying the U.S. Flag, the Sea
Isle City. It was struck by a missile, believed to be Iranian,
in Kuwaiti waters, and was the first hit on a U.S. Flag
commercial vessel in the seven year Iran/Iraq war.
    The U.S. Owned Liberian flag tanker Sungari was hit in the
area on Thursday, also believed struck by an Iranian missile.
    Refiners were not significant purchasers of physical oil on
Monday as a result increased Gulf tension following the U.S.
Attack, analysts said.
    They said a closure of the Strait of Hormuz, through which
around eight mln bpd passes, isnlikely because it is not in
the interests of the U.S. Or Iran, they said.
    Any threat to oil supplies would stem from an increase in
the number of tanker attacks as part of a widening of Gulf
hostilities, analysts said.
    But they saw the U.S. Strike as a limited reply to Iranian
missile attacks, with some describing it as responsible.
    Geoffrey Pyne, analyst at stockbrokers Phillips and Drew,
said he was impressed by the sensible U.S. Response.
    "The U.S. Has thought carefully about what would correspond
to Iranian agression. They have proved to the Iranians that any
further action will be met with a like-for-like response.
Today's action by the U.S. Was not escalatory," Pyne said.
    Kleinwort Grieveson's Lambert said the U.S. Strike was "a
responsible retaliation," with the U.S. Apparently indicating to
Iran that it could increase the severity of its attacksf Iran
chose to raise the level of conflict.
    Chase Manhattan's Nicol took a different view, however.
    He said he was unable to see what the U.S. Had achieved as
Arab states such as Kuwait and Saudi Arabia, whose interests
the U.S. Is supposedly defending, will feel less secure as a
result of the U.S. Attack and fear some sort of Iranian
retaliation.
    The initial upward market move this morning reflected a
strong speculative reaction to rumours of a U.S. Attack which
was thought at one stage to have been against Iranian missile
launchers on the Faw Peninsula, close to Kuwait, analysts said.
    The later downtrend followed confirmation of a U.S. Navy
attack on an Iranian oil platform by the U.S. Defence Secretary
Caspar Weinburger.
    Market operators were able to evaluate the situation in the
Gulf on the basis of confirmed fact, and finding it less
serious than first thought, took profits, taking prices lower,
analysts and traders said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21149>
Iran said several people were injured in
Monday's U.S. Attack on an Iranian offshore oil site and vowed
retaliation, Tehran radio reported.
    It quoted President Ali Khamenei as saying, "We will
definitely retaliate and will not leave this American move
unanswered."
    A broadcast monitored in Nicosia said several civilian
personnel on the Rashadat oil platforms in the Gulf east of
Qatar were injured when U.S. Warships bombarded them this
afternoon. It described damage as "severe."
    Washington said four American frigates shelled and
destroyed two Iranian platforms at the Rashadat (formerly
Rostam) field at 1100 GMT on Monday in response to Friday's
missile attack on a U.S.-flag ship in Kuwaiti waters.
    The U.S. Said Iranians used the platforms for military
pruposes and had fired on an American helicopter from the rigs
earlier this month.
    Khamenei denied that the platforms had military gear or
personnel and said the U.S. Attack lacked miltary value.
    "With this move Mr. Reagan has committed a big mistake and
has definitely increased his problems...
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21197>
The U.N. Security Council was
called to a private meeting on Monday for consultations 
following the United States attack on an Iranian oil platform.
    Meanwhile, a U.N. spokesman said that as far as he knew a
report to the council and Secretary General Javier Perez de
Cuellar on the action had not been received from the Americans.
    In Washington, President Reagan said the United Nations was
being informed of the attack under the provision of the U.N.
Charter regarding notification of actions taken under the right
of self-defense.
    The U.N. spokesman, Francois Giuliani, said Perez de
Cuellar had no comment on the attack, taken in response to
Iranian action against an American-owned tanker last week, but
was trying to find out "what actually happened."
    Calls to Iran's U.N. commission elicited no response.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21216>
A top Iranian military official said
America's attack on an Iranian oil platform on Monday had
involved the United States in full-scale war and Iran would
avenge it with a "crushing blow."
    "The United States has entered a swamp from which it can in
no way get out safely," the Iranian news agency IRNA quoted the
head of Iran's war information headquarters as saying.
    The official, Kamal Kharrazi, said Washington had now
become involved in what he called a full-fledged war with Iran.
    It was the first official Iranian reaction to the attack by
four U.S. Navy destroyers on the Reshadat oil platform.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21267>
Marathon Petroleum Company, a subsidiary
of USX Corp, said it lowered posted prices for crude oil by 50
cts with an effective date of October 16.
    The increase brings posted prices for West Texas
Intermediate and West Texas Sour to 19.00 dlrs a barrel each.
South Louisiana Sweet was increased to 19.35 dlrs a barrel.
    Several indepndent oil companies such as Permian Corp and
Coastal Corp &lt;CGP> said they had moved prices up effective last
Friday the day Sun Co &lt;SUN> announced a 50 cts a barrel
increase to 19.00 dlrs a barrel.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21363>
Coastal Corp said that effective October
16 it had raised posted prices for crude oil by 50 cts a
barrel.
    The increase brings West Texas Intermediate to 9.00 dlrs a
barrel and West Texas Sour to 18.10 dlrs a barrel.
    Sun Co &lt;SUN> announced that it would make a 50 cts a barrel
increase late Friday bringing WTI to 19.00 dlrs a barrel and
traders said that other oil companies could be expected to
increase prices.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21369>
The official Soviet news agency Tass
denounced a U.S. Attack on an Iranian oil-drilling platform in
the Gulf on Monday as military adventurism and said it would
bring no dividends to the Reagan administration.
    Tass commentator Mikhail Krutikhin said the administration
had embarked on an adventurist path in order to deflect
attention from the scandal in which the United States sold arms
to Iran and the profits were diverted to Nicaraguan rebels.
    "The confrontation is a fact now. What is obvious is that
the latest military adventure will not bring political
dividends to the American administration," Krutikhin said.
    Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev and Foreign Minister Eduard
Shevardnadze abruptly left a parliamentary session earlier on
Monday, sparking diplomatic speculation that they were
concerned with an urgent matter of foreign affairs.
    Soviet officials have previously criticized the United
States for sending naval forces into the Gulf, saying their
presence serves to increase tension.
    Moscow is officially neutral in the war between Iran and
Iraq. It is a major arms supplier to Iraq but has also sought
broader contacts with Iran in the last year.
    Krutikhin said: "The United States has undertaken an act of
armed aggression against Iran, the probability of which has
long been spoken of by Washington officials."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21417>
NUI Corp said it is studying
the feasibility of spinning off nonutility subsidiaries to
shareholders.
    The company said its propane disution, natural gas spot
marketing, data processing, oil and natural gas exploration and
production, natural gas gathering and underground pipe
replacement businesses had sales for the year ended September
30 of about 74 mln dlrs, or about 25 pct of total company
sales.  NUI's major subsidiary is utility Elizabethtown Gas.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21443>
Iran said U.S. Naval forces attacked two
of its oil platforms in the southern Gulf on Monday afternoon,
the Iranian news agency IRNA reported.
    IRNA, received in Nicosia, said an informed source at the
Iranian oil ministry identified the two platforms as Resalat
and Reshadat, about 60 miles from Iran's Lavan island oil
storage site.
    Regional shipping sources earlier said three Iranian
offshore oil sites at Sassan, Rostam and Rakhsh had been
attacked at 7.00 A.M. (0300 GMT) on Monday by unidentified
aircraft.
    In Washington, U.S. Defence Secretary Caspar Weinberger
said four U.S. Destroyers attacked and destroyed an Iranian oil
platform about 120 miles east of Bahrain.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21459>
U.S. warships attacked and destroyed
an Iranian oil platform on Monday in retaliation for Friday's
Iranian attack damaging a U.S.-flagged ship, U.S. Defense
Secretary Caspar Weinberger said.
    When asked how much was left of the oil platform,
Weinberger said, "Nothing."
    "There was no Iranian reaction," he said. "... We consider
this matter is now closed."
    Weinberger said four U.S. destroyers attacked the platform
about 120 miles east of Bahrain in the central Gulf with fire
at 0700 EDT, Weinberger said.
    "We chose a platform used by the Iranians to interfere with
and be a source of potential attack on convoys...," Weinberger
said at a Pentagon briefing. 
    "We know it has been used indeed, to not only launch small
boat attacks on shipping but to fire on U.S. helicopters...
    "It's removal will contribute significantly to the safety of
U.S. forces in the future," Weinberger said of the U.S. Navy's
operation to escort oil tankers through the Gulf.
    "We do not seek further confrontation with Iran but we will
be prepared to meet any escalation of military actions by Iran
with stronger countermeasures," Weinberger said.
    He said the 20 to 30 Iranian personnel on the oil platform
were given a 20-minute warning to abandon the platform.
    "As far as we know they did abandon the site," he said.
    Weinberger was asked why the United States had chosen to
attack an oil platform rather than Iranian Silkworm missile
platforms blamed by Washington for Friday's attack.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21475>
Unidentified jets attacked three Iranian
oil rigs in the southern Gulf early on Monday, setting at least
one of them ablaze, regional shipping sources said.
    Earlier today in Washington, U.S. Television networks had
reported that American forces launched a retaliatory strike
against Iran late Sunday, attacking two Iranian offshore oil
drilling platforms and setting them ablaze.
    The shipping sources said Iran's Sassan, Rostam and Rakhsh
offshore oilfields were attacked at 0700 local (0300 GMT) by a
wave of jet fighter bombers. Smoke was seen spiralling up from
the Rostam field soon after.
    At least one of the other two targets was also believed to
be ablaze, the sources said.
    The Sassan and Rostam fields have been targets for Iraqi
air strikes in the past, but Baghdad had not reported any
southern Gulf missions prior to news of the latest attack.
    Shipping and military sources in the region have said Iran
used its southern Gulf rigs as bases to launch helicopter and
later speedboat attacks on neutral ships in the waterway.
    U.S. Officials had been meeting on a response since Friday
when an attack on a Kuwaiti port severely damaged a
U.S.-flagged ship. President Reagan said on Sunday he had
already made a decision on the U.S. Response to Friday's Iran
attack but would not say what the decision was.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21482>
Unidentified jets raided three Iranian
oil rigs in the southern Gulf on Monday, setting at least one
of them ablaze, regional shipping sources said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21492>
U.S. television networks said on
Monday that U.S. forces launched a retaliatory strike against
Iran late Sunday, apparently attacking two Iranian offshore oil
drilling platforms.
    NBC News said it understood six Iranians had been pulled
from the sea.
    It said cautiously that U.S. forces attacked late Sunday
and that two Iranian oil platforms east of Bahrain were ablaze
as a result, but CBS News and other networks said flatly that
U.S. forces attacked the Iranian oil platforms.
    U.S. officials had been meeting on a response since Friday
when an attack on a Kuwaiti port severely damaged a
U.S.-flagged ship.
    President Reagan said on Sunday he had already made a
decision on the U.S. response to Friday's Iran attack but would
not say what the decision was.
    Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger said on Saturday the
attack on a U.S.-flagged ship in Kuwaiti waters on Friday was
almost certainly by an Iran Silkworm missile.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21502>
South Yemen is planning a major oil
pipeline system to be completed in 18-months time to start
exports at a initial rate of 100,000 barrels per day, (bpd) the
Middle East Economic Survey (MEES) said.
    MEES said government approval for the export pipeline
followed a visit to Aden by a high ranking delegation from the
Soviet Union, which will help South Yemen construct the line
    The engineering studies for the pipeline are nearly
finished and construction is expected to start early next year,
the industry newsletter said.
    The pipeline will run about 170-200 kms (105-125 miles)
from Shabwa oilfields to a coastal terminal at Bir 'Ali on the
Gulf of Aden, MEES said.
     MEES said the Soviet firm Technoexport, which is
developing oilfileds for South Yemen, has substantially
increased its initial reserve estimates and recommended a
pipeline with an eventual 500,000 bpd capacity.
    The discovery of commercial quaotities of oil was confirmed
by Technoexport earlier this year in three structures in the
Shabwa region in the Northwestern part of the country, 200 kms
east of North Yemen's Alif oilfield.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21506>
Kuwait's oil exports have not been
affected by the seven-year Iran-Iraq war, Kuwait Oil Tanker
Company (KOTC) Chairman and Managing Director Abdul Fattah
al-Bader told a Kuwaiti newspaper.
    "Kuwait has exploited all available opportunities to
continue exporting its oil without any reduction," the Al-Anbaa
newspaper quoted him as saying.
    He said KOTC made profits of more than two mln dinars
(seven mln dlrs) in the fiscal year ending last June, but
predicted lower profits this year due to higher costs for
chartering and operating vessels.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21541>
Den Norske Stats Oljeselskap A/S (Statoil)
&lt;STAT.OL>, operator on Norway's North Sea Veslefrikk oil field,
has placed field development contracts totalling 1.5 billion
crowns with two domestic yards, the company said in a
statement.
    Moss Rosenberg Verft, a subsidiary of Kvaerner Industrier
A/S &lt;KVIO.OL> won a 1.2 billion crown contract to convert
Statoil's semisubmersible rig West Vision to a floating
production platform and to build the deck for a separate, fixed
well-head platform to be placed on the field, it said.
    Statoil said Aker Verdal, a unit of Aker Norcem A/S
&lt;AMVO.OL>, won a 300-mln crown contract to design and build the
well-head platform's 10,000-tonne steel substructure, to stand
in 150 metres of water next to the converted rig.
    Statoil said using a floating production unit rather than a
fixed platform would cut construction time, enabling field
partners to bring Veslefrikk on stream in late 1989 -- several
months earlier than previously planned.
    Veslefrikk, with estimated recoverable reserves of 258 mln
barrels oil and 140 billion cubic feet gas, is located 145 km
west of Bergen.
    Statoil estimates the field's total development cost,
including drilling, at 6.6 billion crowns. Planned daily output
is 65,000 barrels oil and 35 mln cubic feet gas.
    Veslefrikk's oil will be landed via the nearby Oseberg
field pipeline at the Sture crude terminal near Bergen. Its gas
will be fed into the Statpipe line, which gathers gas from
Norway's Statfjord, Gullfaks and Oseberg fields.
    Partners on the field are Statoil, the operator, with a 55
pct share, &lt;Unocal Norge A/S> (18 pct), &lt;Deminex (Norge) A/S>
(13.5 pct), Norsk Hydro A/S &lt;NHY.OL> (nine pct) and &lt;Svenska
Petroleum AB> (4.5 pct).
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21568>
The Soviet Union has agreed to supply
Iran with refined oil products in exchange for 100,000 barrels
per day of crude, Iran's national news agency, IRNA, said.
    IRNA, monitored in Nicosia, quoted Oil Minister Gholamreza
Aqazadeh as saying on his return to Tehran from Moscow that the
agreement was part of a protocol on economic cooperation signed
during his visit. The amount of crude delivered to the Soviet
Union might double to 200,000 bpd later, he said.
    Aqazadeh said the two sides agreed to conduct feasibility
studies for a pipeline to take Iranian crude from fields in
southern Iran to the Black Sea through the Soviet Union.
    Iran is pursuing the pipeline project to protect part of
its oil exports from Iraqi air attacks in the Gulf.
    Irna made no mention of natural gas exports to the Soviet
Union, which Aqazadeh had said would be discussed before he
left for Moscow.
    Iran lost most of its refining capacity early in the Gulf
war and now imports several hundred thousand bpd of refined
products.
    Aqazadeh said Soviet refined products would be delivered at
the Caspian Sea ports of Anzali and Nowshahr, at Neka, near the
Caspian, and at Jolfa in north-west Iran.
 REUTER
</BODY>
