<BODY DOCID=14913>
The Bank of Japan bought a small amount of
dollars shortly after the opening at around 145.30 yen, dealers
said.
    The central bank intervened as a medium-sized trading house
sold dollars, putting pressure on the U.S. Currency, they said.
    The dollar was also supported by a major electrical
consumer goods company, which was a speculative dollar buyer at
around 145.25 yen, they added.
    The dollar opened at 145.33 yen against 145.60/70 in New
York and 145.25 at the close here yesterday.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14931>
Bundesbank President Karl Otto Poehl
said a weaker dollar would be risky and a further appreciation
of the mark would damage prospects for sustained West German
economic growth.
    In a speech to the Institute of Contempory German Affairs
here, Poehl said "It would be an extremely risky policy to aim
for a further substantial decline in the value of the dollar to
correct the trade deficit."
    He said the United States could face a vicious circle of
depreciation, inflation and more depreciation if it took that
route.
    Poehl noted West Germany had already taken steps to meet
U.S. Demands for greater stimulation of its domestic economy,
accelerating tax cuts, cutting interest rates and tolerating
above-target money supply growth.
    He said he would have been happy to have brought forward
five billion marks of tax cuts now planned for January 1988 to
the beginning of this year, but he said the government faced
political constraints getting such measures through the upper
house of the West German parliament.
    But there were also limits to the impact West Germany could
accept on exports from a rising mark, he said.
    Poehl said West Germany relied on exports for about
one-third of its gross national product, so a substantial
erosion of export markets could not be offset by increasing
demand at home.
    "A further appreciation of the mark could even be an
obstacle to further growth," he said.
    Poehl said the Bundesbank had tolerated rapid money supply
growth last year because the country enjoyed low inflation and
because external factors, including low oil prices and
favourable terms of trade, had given some extra leeway.
    But Poehl said West Germany now faced a difficult dilemma
over monetary policy.
    The underlying rate of inflation was now two pct, not the
reported negative inflation rates last year, and West Germany
was affected more than before by exchange rate developments.
    "For the time being, we will have to focus our policy more
on the external side, and we can live with a more expansionary
money supply. But we must be very careful," he said.
    He said he shared some of the U.S. Concern about Japan's
trade surpluses, which affected European countries as well as
the United States.
    Poehl welcomed the so-called Louvre accord of monetary
officials of major industrialized countries, saying the
importance of the February 22 agreement to stabilize exchange
rates had been underestimated.
    All partners had agreed that the dollar was at about the
right level, and that further changes would damage growth, he
said.
    "This was a remarkable change in attitude, especially on the
part of our American colleagues," he said.
    But he said there was still a danger that the correction of
the dollar's value could overshoot.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15212>
The relatively high level of real U.S.
interest rates suggests that there is scope for further
declines in money market rates, but the Federal Reserve is
unlikely to promote such a drop as long as the dollar remains
volatile, said J.P. Morgan and Co Inc chairman Lewis Preston.
    He said in response to a reporter's question after the
bank's annual meeting that money market rates could decline
further but, "I don't think the Fed is going to encourage that
as long as the exchange markets are as volatile as they are."
    On the other hand, he said that, barring a collapse of the
dollar, he did not see rates going much higher.
    He said that Morgan's recent rise in its prime lending rate
was "purely a reflection of an increase in a whole spectrum of
rates."
    Preston reiterated earlier company forecasts that the U.S.
economy should show roughly 2.5 to three pct real growth this
year.
    He also said that as a consequence of the dollar's decline
and oil price rises, inflation would rise "moderately" to a 3.5
to four pct rate in 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15431>
The Bank of Japan bought a modest amount
of dollars at around 145.10 yen just after the market here
opened, dealers said.
    Just before the opening, the dollar dropped swiftly as
speculators concluded the Group of Seven (G-7) comminuique
issued in Washington contained nothing basically new, they
said. It fell about a half yen, to around 145.
    The G-7 reaffirmed that their currencies around current
levels reflect economic fundamentals.
    One dealer said the Bank of Japan probably intervened in
Australia before the opening here, but could not confirm this.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15442>
European currency markets reacted quietly
to the G-7 communique, with comments from bankers and dealers
ranging from disappointment that it was not more concrete to
surprise that the markets should have expected so much.
    The dollar opened lower against virtually all currencies
and traded in a narrow range after the communique, which
reaffirmed support for the Paris accord on currency
stabilisation but contained no moves to strengthen it.
    Dealers in Frankfurt and Zurich saw the dollar remaining
broadly entrenched in its current trading range.
    "The dollar is likely to stay within a range of 1.80 to 1.84
marks," said Gisela Steinhaeuser, senior dealer at Chase Bank
AG. She said there was some resistance to further climbs.
    However, she said the dollar could break out of the range
with major surprises such as a worse-than-expected U.S.
Merchandise trade deficit, due next Tuesday.
    Theodor Stadelmann, dealer with Bank Julius Baer and Co Ltd
in Zurich, said he expects the dollar to hold steady against
the mark and Swiss franc but to weaken further against the yen,
possibly to 140 yen.
    A Milan banker shared Stadelmann's view, saying he expects
a dollar-yen range of 140-150 in the short term.
    London traders said the G-7 communique failed to curb
underlying bearishness toward the dollar but this negative
sentiment was not yet strong enough to tempt interbank
operators to test the downside.
    Concern that finance ministers and officials still in
Washington could issue more concrete statements in favour of
currency stabilisation kept players sidelined, along with
worries about provoking fresh central bank intervention in the
near term, the traders said.
    Most Paris dealers expressed disappointment at the
communique, saying nothing has changed to reverse the dollar's
downward trend.
    Traders in several centres said the market would look for
fresh opportunities to test the willingness of central banks to
defend current ranges, which the communique said were "broadly
consistent with economic fundamentals and the basic policy
intentions outlined at the Louvre meeting."
    Dave Jouhin, senior dealer at Midland Bank in London, said
"They're going to put somebody's resolve to the test soon." The
U.S. February trade data may provide the trigger, dealers said.
    However, some dealers said London-based operators would be
unlikely to open major positions next week ahead of the long
Easter weekend. They saw near-term technical support at 1.825
marks and 145 yen and resistance about 1.83 marks and 146 yen.
    Chase Bank's Steinhaeuser and other Frankfurt dealers said
the G-7 communique guaranteed a relatively calm and stable
market for the foreseeable future compared with the extreme
volatility seen in the first few months of this year.
    One dealer at a German bank said the wording of the
communique made clear the leading nations did not want a
further dollar drop, and this was supporting the dollar.
    The German dealer saw the dollar gradually appreciating to
1.87 marks, broadly seen as its upper limit within the Louvre
accord's supposed currency target range.
    A Swiss bank economist said he believed the markets were
ready for a period of "mainly sideways movement."
    But Milan dealers were sceptical about the communique
contributing to greater stability.
    "Nothing has changed substantially to give the dollar a big
boost," said one dealer, while another Italian banker said he
expects the dollar to trade between 1.77 and 1.87 German marks
in the next three months.
    A Swiss monetary source, who asked not to be named, said
the communique had been in line with realistic expectations and
should not have produced disappointment.
    "The problem is that the changes needed in fiscal and trade
policies to redress current imbalances are of a different
timescale than currency markets operate on," the source told
Reuters, "This is a political process which takes time."
    Alois Schwietert, chief economist at Swiss Bank Corp in
Basle, also questioned the tone of disappointment evident on
currency markets today. "Did people really expect a patent
remedy?" he asked.
    Bank economists in Paris noted yesterday's meeting was only
the first in a series and said the market would watch carefully
in the next few weeks for any changes in positions.
    A senior economist with Banque Indosuez said the focus was
now on trade and growth rather than interest rates. Any move by
Japan and West Germany to boost their economic growth could
lead to a quick change in the U.S. Position.
    Dealers in all centres agreed that markets would be wary in
pushing the dollar too far too quickly in the coming months
while central banks appear resolved to use their muscle to
support the Paris accord.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15449>
European currency markets reacted quietly
to the G-7 communique, with comments from bankers and dealers
ranging from disappointment that it was not more concrete to
surprise that the markets should have expected so much.
    The dollar opened lower against virtually all currencies
and traded in a narrow range after the communique, which
reaffirmed support for the Paris accord on currency
stabilisation but contained no moves to strengthen it.
    Frankfurt and Zurich dealers saw the dollar staying broadly
entrenched in its current trading range.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15460>
European currency markets reacted quietly
to the G-7 communique, with comments from bankers and dealers
ranging from disappointment that it was not more concrete to
surprise that the markets should have expected so much.
    The dollar opened lower against virtually all currencies
and traded in a narrow range after the communique, which
reaffirmed support for the Paris accord on currency
stabilisation but contained no moves to strengthen it.
    Dealers in Frankfurt and Zurich saw the dollar remaining
broadly entrenched in its current trading range.
    "The dollar is likely to stay within a range of 1.80 to 1.84
marks," said Gisela Steinhaeuser, senior dealer at Chase Bank
AG. She said there was some resistance to further climbs.
    However, she said the dollar could break out of the range
with major surprises such as a worse-than-expected U.S.
Merchandise trade deficit, due next Tuesday.
    Theodor Stadelmann, dealer with Bank Julius Baer and Co Ltd
in Zurich, said he expects the dollar to hold steady against
the mark and Swiss franc but to weaken further against the yen,
possibly to 140 yen.
    A Milan banker shared Stadelmann's view, saying he expects
a dollar-yen range of 140-150 in the short term.
    London traders said the G-7 communique failed to curb
underlying bearishness toward the dollar but this negative
sentiment was not yet strong enough to tempt interbank
operators to test the downside.
    Concern that finance ministers and officials still in
Washington could issue more concrete statements in favour of
currency stabilisation kept players sidelined, along with
worries about provoking fresh central bank intervention in the
long term, the traders said.
    Most Paris dealers expressed disappointment at the
communique, saying nothing has changed to reverse the dollar's
downward trend.
    Traders in several centres said the market would look for
fresh opportunities to test the willingness of central banks to
defend current ranges, which the communique said were "broadly
consistent with economic fundamentals and the basic policy
intentions outlined at the Louvre meeting."
    Dave Jouhin, senior dealer at Midland Bank in London, said
"They're going to put somebody's resolve to the test soon." The
U.S. February trade data may provide the trigger, dealers said.
    However, some dealers said London-based operators would be
unlikely to open major positions next week ahead of the long
Easter weekend. They saw near-term technical support at 1.825
marks and 145 yen and resistance about 1.83 marks and 146 yen.
    Chase Bank's Steinhaeuser and other Frankfurt dealers said
the G-7 communique guaranteed a relatively calm and stable
market for the foreseeable future compared with the extreme
volatility seen in the first few months of this year.
    One dealer at a German bank said the wording of the
communique made clear the leading nations did not want a
further dollar drop, and this was supporting the dollar.
    The German dealer saw the dollar gradually appreciating to
1.87 marks, broadly seen as its upper limit within the Louvre
accord's supposed currency target range.
    A Swiss bank economist said he believed the markets were
ready for a period of "mainly sideways movement."
    But Milan dealers were sceptical about the communique
contributing to greater stability.
    "Nothing has changed substantially to give the dollar a big
boost," said one dealer, while another Italian banker said he
expects the dollar to trade between 1.77 and 1.87 German marks
in the next three months.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15549>
The United States, which has long
sought Japanese action to stimulate its economy, appears to be
satisfied Tokyo's latest package is a major development and
allows leading industrial nations to reaffirm their agreement
to stabilize currencies.
    Monetary sources said they believed that U.S. Treasury
Secretary James Baker considered Tokyo's package, announced
yesterday, to be a major stimulation of the Japanese economy.
    But yesterday's statement by seven leading industrial
powers endorses the yen's rise from around 153 to the dollar,
the level at the February 22 Paris Accord, to about 145 today.
    And the initial reaction of currency markets in the Far
East demonstrates that financial markets are unconvinced that
currencies yet reflect economic fundamentals, even though the
countries appear to do so. The yen sank below 145 at one point
despite intervention by the Bank of Japan.
    Kiichi Miyazawa, Japan's Finance Minister, said the
movement since Paris was consistent with currency trading
ranges the nations agreed to defend in the February talks.
    "I would say that what has happened (to the yen) in the past
several weeks was not outside the range we agreed to in the
discussions in Paris," Miyazawa said yesterday.
    The supplementary budget worth about 34.48 billion dlrs was
announced by the ruling Liberal Democratic Party on the eve of
Miyazawa's departure for Washington, to attend yesterday's
meetings of leading industrial nations.
    In a strongly worded statement terming the Japanese action
"extraordinary and urgent", the meeting reaffirmed the Paris
Accord by noting that current exchange rates are within ranges
broadly consistent with fundamentals, or economic reality.
    The Group of Seven -- the United States, Japan, West
Germany, France, Britain, Italy and Canada -- therefore
repeated their willingness to continue close cooperation to
foster exchange rate stability.
    The cooperation agreement has resulted in concerted central
bank intervention of 8 billion to 9 billion dlrs to halt the
dollar's fall. While relatively unsuccessful, the scale of
intervention between so many nations is unprecedented in recent
years. Monetary sources also said they understood that
Secretary Baker considered the meeting to be extremely
successful in the light of the Japanese announcement.
    They also said there was a growing feeling among the
finance ministers and central bankers that cooperation over
medium-term policies has replaced the bickering over short-term
differences in past meetings.
    West Germany, whose currency has not risen anything like
the yen since the Paris Agreement, appears from the face of
yesterday's statement to have won acceptance from other
countries that its exchange rate is acceptable.
    Bonn's finance minister Gerhard Stoltenberg argues that
major currency shifts needed to remedy the huge imbalance
between West Germany and Japan's trade surpluses and America's
trade deficit have already taken place.
    No mention was made, however, of the U.S. commitment to cut
the budget deficit even though it is implied in the
reafffirmation of Paris.
    European nations and Japan believe deficit cuts are
essential to curbing the record U.S. trade shortfall that
reached nearly 170 billion dlrs last year.
    A similar argument was made on Capitol Hill earlier this
week by Federal Reserve Board chairman Paul Volcker. A further
sharp fall to redress trade imbalances would "clearly pose
substantial risks of renewed inflationary momentum and could
undermine confidence in future financial stability," he said.
    Volcker warned a further dollar fall might force the
politically independent Fed to drive up interest rates.
    Monetary sources said that, privately, West Germany
welcomed the rise in the yen against the dollar while its own
currency remained relatively stable against the U.S. unit.
    Bonn and other European nations worry that once the weak
dollar blunts Tokyo's export drive to the United States, the
Japanese monolith will concentrate on European markets.
    The ministers, meanwhile, also continued talks on making
their policy coordination more binding and one, Canadian
Finance Minister Michael Wilson, said good progress was made.
    Wilson said they will meet before the June Economic Summit
to prepare a report for the leaders of the seven nations.
    The United States and France, backed by the International
Monetary Fund, want the seven to agree on ranges or "norms" for a
limited number of economic objectives such as growth,
inflation, monetary conditions, trade balances and current
account balances.
    Sharp deviations from these guidelines would result in
consultations between the countries on whether corrective
action should be required.
    But the inclusion of currencies as one of the objectives
has Bonn and London worried, monetary sources say, because it
implies Washington is moving in the direction of target zones.
    The sources said the Reagan administration unsuccessfully
sounded out its allies on a system of target zones to limit
currency fluctuations just before the February meeting.
    The concept is a much more rigid one than the secret ranges
of the Paris Accord and would mark a sharp departure from the
relatively free currency markets of recent years.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15562>
West German Finance Minister Gerhard
Stoltenberg said he was not surprised by the overnight decline
of the dollar in foreign exchange markets.
    Speaking briefly with reporters before entering a meeting
of the International Monetary Fund he said, "These minor
movements don't really affect us."
    The dollar declined in the initial reaction to a statement
by the Group of Seven industrial countries reaffirming their
Paris agreement in February to maintain their currencies around
current levels.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15625>
The dollar drifted down to end one
pfennig lower after a lacklustre session, held in limits by the
lack of concrete news from the Group of Seven meeting and
comments on the edge of the Washington IMF/World Bank meeting.
    Dealers said the communique early in the European morning
from the G-7 meeting contained no significant new factors and
although the dollar dipped it generally resisted further
attempts to push it lower through the day.
    The U.S. Currency ended at 1.8270/80 marks, below
yesterday's last 1.8365/75.
    Koch said the assessment of the dollar's direction was
based on a global view, with operators paying most attention to
comments by finance officials to see how closely they stated
adherence to international agreements such as those set at the
Plaza Hotel in 1985 and in Paris on February 22.
    Koch described the wording of the communique from the G-7
as "soft as wax."
    Bundebank vice-president Helmut Schlesinger told Reuters in
a telephone interview that the German central bank sees no
current reason to change monetary course at present.
    Schlesinger was responding to questions following remarks
yesterday by Bundesbank board member Claus Koehler and West
Berlin state central bank president Dieter Hiss, which dealers
said revived some speculation that German interest rate cuts
may be under consideration.
    German call money was slightly softer today, at around 3.70
pct after 3.80 yesterday.
    Some dealers said rates on new liquidity injections added
via Bundesbank securities repurchase agreements may be cut next
week. Hopes of a cut were dashed on Tuesday with an allocation
at an unchanged 3.80 pct.
    But speaking of the pact tender rate next week, Schlesinger
said, "since the central bank council gives its opinion on this
theme only every 14 days, this is hardly probable."
    Euromark rates scarcely responded to the central bankers
comments, with six months funds ending unaltered at around
3-7/8 pct. Eurodollars for the same maturity rose a fractional
1/16 pct from yesterday to around 6-11/16 pct.
    Sterling dipped to end at 2.952/956 marks after 2.960/965
last night. The Swiss franc firmed slightly to 120.30/45 marks
per 100 from 120.25/40, with the yen soaring however to
1.2570/90 marks per 100 from 1.2515/35 yesterday.
    EMS currencies saw the French franc end unchanged from last
night at 30.03/06 marks per 100, with the Belgian franc easing
however to 4.829/831 marks per 100 from 4.831/833.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15689>
The Federal Reserve was detected buying
dollars for yen in the open market as the dollar fell to a
40-year low of 144.60 yen in nervous late morning trading,
currency dealers said.
     They said the size of the intervention was relatively
modest so far but it was a clear indication that the U.S.
remained committed to the late February Paris currency
stabilization accord, which was reaffirmed in Washington last
night.
    A Fed spokeswoman had no comment on the dealer reports.
    The dollar hovered around 144.70 just before midday.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16053>
Economists said that they doubt the
Federal Reserve is firming policy to aid the dollar, despite
higher discount window borrowings in the latest two-week
statement period and very heavy borrowings Wednesday.
    Data out today show net borrowings from the Fed averaged
393 mln dlrs in the two weeks to Wednesday, up from 265 mln
dlrs in the prior statement period. Wednesday borrowings were
1.4 billion dlrs as Federal funds averaged a high 6.45 pct.
    "One could make a case that the Fed is firming, but it
probably isn't," said William Sullivan of Dean Witter Reynolds.
    Sullivan said some may assume the Fed has firmed policy
modestly to support the dollar because net borrowings in the
two-weeks to Wednesday were nearly 400 mln dlrs after averaging
around 250 mln dlrs over the previous two months.
    However, the Dean Witter economist noted that the latest
two-week period included a quarter end when seasonal demand
often pushes up borrrowings.
    "Some might argue that the Fed was firming policy, but it
looks like it tried to play catchup with reserve provisions
late in the statement period and didn't quite make it," said
Ward McCarthy of Merrill Lynch Capital Markets.
    A Fed spokesman told a press press conference today that
the Fed had no large net one-day miss of two billion dlrs or
more in its reserve projections in the week ended Wednesday.
    Still, McCarthy said it may have had a cumulative miss in
its estimates over the week that caused it to add fewer
reserves earlier in the week than were actually needed.
    The Fed took no market reserve management action last
Thursday and Friday, the first two days of the week. It added
temporary reserves indirectly on Monday via two billion dlrs of
customer repurchase agreements and then supplied reserves
directly via System repurchases on Tuesday and Wednesday.
    Based on Fed data out today, economists calculated that the
two-day System repurchase agreements the Fed arrranged on
Tuesday totaled around 5.9 billion dlrs. They put Wednesday's
overnight System repos at approximately 3.4 billion dlrs.
    "It is quite clear that the Fed is not firming policy at
this time," said Larry Leuzzi of S.G. Warburg and Co Inc.
    Citing the view shared by the other two economists, Leuzzi
said the Fed cannot really afford to seriously lift interest
rates to help the dollar because that would harm already weak
economies in the United States and abroad and add to the
financial stress of developing countries and their lenders.
    "Those who believe the Fed tightened policy in the latest
statement period have to explain why it acted before the dollar
tumbled," said McCarthy of Merrill Lynch.
    He said the dollar staged a precipitous drop as a new
statement period began today on disappointment yesterday's
Washington meetings of international monetary officials failed
to produce anything that would offer substantive dollar aid.
    In fact, currency dealers said there was nothing in
Wednesday's G-7 communique to alter the prevailing view that
the yen needs to rise further to redress the huge trade
imbalance between the United States and Japan.
    The economists generally agreed that the Fed is aiming for
steady policy now that should correspond to a weekly average
Fed funds rate between six and 6-1/8 pct. This is about where
the rate has been since early November.
    "I'm not so sure that the Fed is engineering a tighter
policy to help the dollar, as some suspect," said Sullivan of
Dean Witter.
    If it is, however, he said that Fed probably has just
nudged up its funds rate goal to around 6.25 to 6.35 pct from
six to 6.10 pct previously.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16068>
The dollar opened at a record Tokyo low
of 143.75 yen despite aggressive Bank of Japan intervention,
dealers said.
    The previous record low was 144.70 yen set on March 30. The
opening compares with 143.90/144.00 yen at the close in New
York.
    The central bank bought dollars through Tokyo brokers just
before and after the market opening, the dealers said.
    The intervention took place when the dollar fell to 143.20
yen, one dealer said.
    The dollar opened at 1.8155/60 marks against 1.8187/97 in
New York.
    The dollar fell as low as 142.90 yen despite central bank
intervention at 143.00 yen, dealers said.
    Selling pressure was strong from securities houses and
institutional investors in hectic and nervous trading on
underlying bearish sentiment for the dollar, they said.
    Most dealers were surpised by the dollar's sharp fall
against the yen in New York, although many had expected such a
drop to happen eventually.
    Institutional investors are expected to sell the dollar
aggressively if it rises to around 143.50 yen, dealers said.
    The U.S. Currency steadied well above 143.00 yen after Bank
of Japan intervention and scattered short-covering, they said.
    The dollar opened at 1.5120/30 Swiss francs against
1.5085/00 at the New York close.
    Sterling started at 1.6190/00 dlrs against 1.6195/05.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16069>
The dollar fell below 143 yen in hectic
early Tokyo trading despite aggressive Bank of Japan
intervention, dealers said.
    After opening at a Tokyo low of 143.75 yen, the dollar fell
as low as 142.90 yen on heavy selling led by securities firms
and institutional investors, they said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16111>
The Bank of Japan actively bought dollars
here in early afternoon trade at around 142.20 yen, dealers
said.
    The central bank had placed buy orders at that level and
prevented the dollar from falling when it came under heavy
selling pressure from investment trusts and trading houses,
they said.
    However, the intervention failed to boost the U.S. Currency
significantly from the 142.20 yen level, they added.
    The dollar was trading around its midday rate of 142.30
yen. It had opened here at 141.85 yen.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16189>
The Bank of Japan actively bought dollars
here in early afternoon trade at around 142.20 yen, dealers
said.
    The central bank had placed buy orders at that level and
prevented the dollar from falling when it came under heavy
selling pressure from investment trusts and trading houses,
they said.
    However, the intervention failed to boost the U.S. Currency
significantly from the 142.20 yen level, they added.
    The dollar was trading around its midday rate of 142.30
yen. It had opened here at 141.85 yen.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16200>
Top officials of leading industrial
nations appear deeply worried that financial markets have
ignored their efforts to coordinate policies, which they
believe they strengthened in talks last week.
    Monetary sources said officials were exasperated that the
markets, which drove the dollar rapidly lower and severely
disrupted bond and stock markets too, did not take heed of the
policy commitments of the Group of Seven -- the United States,
Japan, West Germany, France, Britain, Italy and Canada.
    Treasury Secretary James Baker went out of his way to
reassure markets of his commitment to a stable dollar with a
statement, and French Finance Minister Edouard Balladur
underscored that by saying: "I don't believe at all that the
Americans want a weaker dollar."
    West German Finance Minister Gerhard Stoltenberg said the
dollar's latest rapid descent "involves the risk -- now already
a tangible threat -- of a new strong surge of inflation,
leading to a renewed rise in interest rates."
    But there were signs too, that while policymakers feared
the market uproar, they seemed to accept there was little they
could do until the economic picture changed, and currencies
settled into a stable pattern as a result.
    Nor did there seem to be any enthusiasm at last week's
semi-annual meetings of the IMF and the World Bank for higher
U.S. Interest rates as the best way to curb the dollar's rapid
descent. That distaste stems in part from fears of recession.
    Outgoing Deputy Treasury Secretary Richard Darman told
television interviewers he did not think a policy of driving
the dollar down would solve the U.S. trade deficit.
    "It would slow growth in Germany and Japan which would
adversely affect our trade balance and ultimately it would
drive interest rates up here which would throw us, if not
(into) recession, into slower growth," he said.
    Asked if higher U.S. Interest rates would stabilize the
dollar, Balladur said: "When a currency is maintained
artificially high, by artificially high interest rates, it is
not healthy."
    And resorting to higher interest rates could lead to
recession, he said.
    Acknowledging the dollar's latest slide was now a fact of
life, Balladur said, "there may be adjustments of course in one
or other currencies, this is not a fixed rate system."
    But Federal Reserve Board chairman Paul Volcker said he
might rein in credit if the dollar's slide deepens.
    U.S. Monetary sources also said Washington wanted it
understood by markets the seven's commitments were genuine.
    "The United States and the six major industrial countries
are fully committed to implementing our undertakings in these
agreements," Baker told the meetings.
    Darman said Baker had been misinterpreted by markets which
wrongly believed earlier remarks suggested he wanted a further
decline in the dollar. Baker, Darman said, was committed to
stabilizing currencies at current levels.
    Last week's statement from the seven reaffirmed a February
22 agreement in Paris in which the Reagan administration agreed
to reach a budget deficit compromise with Congress and to fight
protectionism.
    West Germany and Japan, meanwhile, agreed to stimulate
domestic demand and lead a global upturn.
    Ministers believed the Paris pact was bolstered by Japan's
promise of a 35 billion dlr supplementary budget.
    The sources said they believed Baker saw it as a major
action. But the seven seem to accept their commitment to stable
currencies applied to today's exchange rates and not those at
the time of the Paris agreement, when the dollar stood higher.
    The Paris accord said, "currencies (are) within ranges
broadly consistent with underlying economic fundamentals, given
the policy commitments summarized in this statement."
    Now they accept the dollar's lower level, especially
against the yen, as hard reality that is nonetheless consistent
with the agreement. "The ministers and governors reaffirmed the
view that around current levels their currencies are within
ranges broadly consistent with fundamentals," last week's
statement read.
    Monetary sources said policymakers understood markets were
focusing on instability created by the gap between the U.S.
Trade deficit and the surpluses of West Germany and Japan
rather than prospective policy changes. European monetary
sources said Bonn was still unconvinced that Washington meant
business with its commitment to cut the budget deficit.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16744>
The Bank of Japan intervened in Tokyo to
buy dollars just after the market opened, dealers said.
    The dollar opened at 142.05 yen against 142.15/25 in New
York and 142.50 at the close here yesterday.
    The bank stepped into the market amid selling pressure from
interbank dealers, dealers said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17041>
The Bank of Japan intervened just after
the Tokyo market opened to support the dollar from falling
below 140.00 yen, dealers said.
    The central bank bought a moderate amount of dollars to
prevent its decline amid bearish sentiment for the U.S.
Currency, they said.
    The dollar opened at a record Tokyo low of 140.00 yen
against 140.70/80 in New York and 141.15 at the close here
yesterday. The previous Tokyo low was 140.55 yen set on April
15.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17047>
Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa said
Japan has no plans to take new emergency measures to support
the dollar, other than foreign exchange intervention.
    He also told reporters that many major nations yesterday
intervened heavily to support the dollar against the yen.
    Yesterday's intervention was large in terms of the
countries involved and the amounts expended, he said.
    With the continued fall of the dollar against the yen,
0speculation had arisen in currency markets here that Japan
might take new measures to support the U.S. Currency, such as
curbing capital outflows.
    Miyazawa said that yesterday's news of a 4.3 pct rise in
U.S. Gnp in the first quarter had been expected. Although the
growth looks robust on the surface, the figures in reality are
not that good, he said.
    He said the ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) is
expected to come up with a final set of recommendations of ways
to stimulate the Japanese economy before Prime Minister
Yasuhiro Nakasone leaves for Washington next week.
    Commenting on yesterday's report on economic restructuring
by a high-level advisory panel to Nakasone, Miyazawa said it
was important to put the panel's recommendations into effect.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17871>
The dollar's recent signs of stability
have raised hopes that its 27-month decline may be nearly over,
but most currency analysts refuse to commit themselves until
after the June 12 release of U.S. trade data for April.
    "The trade data will be a deciding factor to see if the
dollar has bottomed out," said Jim McGroarty of Discount Corp.
    Since February 1985, the dollar has nearly halved its value
against the yen and the mark as part of an officially
orchestrated campaign to make U.S. goods more competitive on
world markets and redress gaping world trade imbalances.
    On April 27, the dollar fell to a 40-year low of 137.25 yen
but has enjoyed a modest recovery over the last few weeks,
topping 145 yen today for the first time in nearly two months.
    Many economists now believe that the dollar has fallen far
enough to ease the trade deficit's drag on the U.S. economy.
    The U.S. trade gap narrowed to 13.6 billion dlrs in March
from 15.1 billion in February and is expected to show continued
improvement in April in volume, if not in real, terms.
    Keiichi Udagawa of Bank of Tokyo in New York said that if
further progress is reported, the dollar would head back up
towards 150 yen.
    "There is growing consensus that the dollar has bottomed
out for the medium term," added Tom Campbell of First National
Bank of Chicago.
    Other factors supporting this bullish view were growing
expectations that Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker would
be reappointed for a third four-year term in August, Japan's
larger-than-expected economic stimulus package last week and 
more favorably technical chart signals, analysts said.
    The dollar was also aided by Japan's moves to dampen
speculative selling in Tokyo and by reports of active central
bank intervention to support the dollar.
    The Federal Reserve Bank of New York said last week that
the U.S. monetary authorities bought more than four billion
dlrs during the February-April period -- the largest amount
since the dollar crisis of the late 1970's.
    Discount Corp's McGroarty described the Fed's intervention
volume as "impressive".
    James O'Neill of Marine Midland Bank was not so positive,
however: "the dollar has not yet bottomed out. After the trade
data are released, the dollar could fall towards 1.77 marks and
140 yen."
    Similarly, Natsuo Okada of Sumitomo Bank in New York
warned, "I don't think the dollar has bottomed out yet."
    Although the dollar could rise as high as 146.50 yen, Okada
said market impatience about the painstakingly slow decline of
the U.S. trade deficit may lead to renewed pressure.
    Currency analysts also warned about an unfavorable reaction
to the seven-nation economic Summit on June 8 to 10 in Venice,
which is likely to focus on the implementation of previous
commitments rather than yield any fresh initiatives.
    President Reagan said today, "economic policy decisions
made last year in Tokyo and at this year's meetings of Group of
Seven finance ministers in Paris and Washington cannot be
ignored or forgotten."
    "The commitments made at these meetings need to be
translated into action," he added in a speech, celebrating the
40th anniversary of the Marshall aid plan for Europe.
    Now that Tokyo has unveiled its fiscal stimulus package,
analysts expected Bonn and the dollar/mark rate to bear the
brunt of U.S. calls for further action.
    Marine Midland's O'Neill said, "pressure will build up on
Germany to take stimulative action like Japan."
    Some Japanese bank dealers warned that although the dollar
could hold above 145 yen for some months it could also come
under attack again if it seems the latest economic package is
not having much impact on Japan's economy and its trade
surplus. Reflecting a longer-term uncertainty, some some trust
banks and Japanese insurers are keeping their short dollar
positons hedged against exchange losses in their foreign
portfolios, while some others have started covering those short
positions, Japanese bank dealers said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18012>
Newly-nominated Federal Reserve Board
chairman Alan Greenspan said there was evidence the dollar
finally had bottomed out.
    In a White House briefing Greenspan was asked by reporters
if he thought the dollar had bottomed out.
    "There certainly is evidence in that direction," he replied.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18142>
Paul Volcker's decision not to go for a
third term as Federal Reserve Chairman and the nomination of
Alan Greenspan to replace him have revived deep concerns about
the U.S.' ability to prevent a further dollar decline and stem
rising inflation, financial market analysts said.
    Although Greenspan is known as a committed anti-inflation
fighter in the Volcker mould, doubts are already surfacing in
the U.S. financial markets as to whether he has enough
political clout and monetary experience to wage a tough
campaign against inflation over the next year or two.
    "The critical issue is how (Greenspan) will deal with
inflation," said Stephen Axilrod, Vice Chairman of Nikko
Securities Co International Inc and former staff director for
monetary and financial policy at the Fed.
    "A lot of questions have been raised by Volcker's
departure. Until Greenspan answers them, the markets will
remain nervous," added Stephen Slifer, money market economist
at Shearson Lehman Government Securities Inc.
    This morning's announcement sent the dollar into a
tailspin, which was halted only by concerted central bank
intervention in the open currency market.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18370>
Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone said the
dollar's sharp fall against the yen overnight was only
temporary.
    The dollar dropped sharply in New York after news that Paul
Volcker would step down as chairman of the U.S. Federal
Reserve.
    Nakasone told reporters he did not expect U.S. Policy to
change after Volcker steps down.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19023>
The Finance Ministry is still asking
financial institutions to limit speculative dollar dealings,
Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa told reporters.
    He was responding to rumours in the New York currency
market overnight that the Ministry was reducing its pressure on
institutions to refrain from excessively speculative dollar
dealings.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19028>
New U.S. Banking data suggest the
Federal Reserve is guiding monetary policy along a steady path
and is not signalling any imminent change of course, economists
said.
    But they also said that if money supply growth remains
weak, as this week's unexpected eight billion dlr M-1 decline
suggests it may, this could influence the Fed to loosen its
credit reins and move toward a more accommodative monetary
policy.
    A Reuter survey of 17 money market economists produced a
forecast of a 600 mln dlr M-1 decline for the week ended June
8, with estimates ranging from a gain of one billion dlrs to a
decline of four billion. Instead, M-1 fell eight billion dlrs
to 745.7 billion dlrs at a seasonally adjusted annual rate.
    Coming on the heels of a 4.3 billion decrease in M-1 for
the week ended June 1, this means the nation's money supply has
fallen more than 12 billion dlrs in the past two weeks,
economists said.
    "M-1 has hit an air pocket of weakness," said Bill Sullivan
of Dean Witter Reynolds Inc.
    While M-1 may have lost its significance as an indicator of
economic growth, Sullivan said Fed officials might be concerned
the latest drop in M-1 means another month of sluggish growth
in the broader monetary aggregates, M-2 and M-3, which are seen
as better gauges of economic growth.
    Latest monthly M-2 and M-3 data showed that as of May, both
measures were growing at rates below the bottom of the Fed's
5-1/2 to 8-1/2 pct target ranges.
    If money growth does not accelerate, Fed officials,
concerned that this indicates economic growth is flagging,
could turn toward easier monetary policy, economists said.
    "Does this mean that the Fed abandons its current open
market position? No," Sullivan said. "But does this mean the end
of tightening for the time being? Definitely yes."
    Economists said average adjusted discount window borrowings
of 385 mln dlrs for the latest two-week bank statement period
were lower than they had expected. Most believed the Fed had
targetted a two-week borrowings average of around 500 mln dlrs.
    But they said that if it had not been for a large one-day
net miss in the Fed's reserve projections, the higher
borrowings target would probably have been reached.
    A drop in May U.S. Housing starts and continued weakness in
auto sales show key sectors of the U.S. Economy are lagging,
while a recent modest 0.3 pct gain in May producer prices has
helped dispel inflation fears, Slifer said.
    "If this continues, we can entertain the notion of Fed
easing at some point," he said.
    Other economists said the Fed would probably pay little
attention to weak money supply growth. "It has been a number of
years since M-1 has given good signs of what's going on in the
economy," one said. "I don't think M-1 shows that the economy is
falling apart and the Fed should ease."
    Economists agreed a stable dollar will continue to be a
prerequisite for any move by the Fed toward easier monetary
policy.
    They said the Fed is reluctant to lower short-term rates
for fear this would spur expectations of a weaker dollar and
higher inflation which would push up long-term yields and choke
off econmomic growth.
    But Sullivan said the dollar has been steady since late
April. "The Fed has to determine if this represents a
fundamental change for the dollar. If it does, then this gives
them more room to ease," he said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19061>
Japan could avoid a sharp rise in the
value of the yen against the dollar if Japan, the U.S. And
other nations succeeded in restructuring their economies, an
advisory panel to the government's Economic Planning Agency
(EPA) said.
    The advisory body said in its report that the yen would
soar against the dollar if structural adjustments on a global
basis were delayed.
    An EPA official told Reuters the dollar could fall to
slightly below 100 yen by 1993 if Japan and the U.S. Failed to
restructure their economies.
    The dollar's fall without structural adjustments would cut
Japan's current account surplus to two pct of gross national
product (GNP) in 1993, the report said. It said such a change
would slow real GNP growth to an average of two pct annually
during the seven-year period to 1993.
    If the two nations restructured their economies, the dollar
would remain stable in real terms, while reducing Japan's
current-account surplus to 2.1 pct of GNP in 1993. This
scenario put Japan's GNP growth at 3.5 pct a year.
    It forecast real growth of three pct for the world economy
and four pct for Japan by 2,000 if the adjustments were made.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20868>
News of a meeting between U.S. Treasury
Secretary James Baker and West German Finance Minister Gerhard
Stoltenberg on Monday soothed currency markets, allowing the
dollar to recoup much of the day's losses, dealers said.
    News of the meeting, which took place in Frankfurt in great
secrecy, came after the dollar fell sharply on criticism by
Baker of West German monetary policy, which had provoked fears
that the Louvre pact on currency stability was in jeopardy.
    The dollar reacted immediately to the news, rising over two
pfennigs in after hours New York trading, dealers there said.
    The announcement of the meeting, also attended by
Bundesbank President Karl Otto Poehl, was made simultaneously
in Bonn and Washington, timed for after the closure of New York
markets.
    Baker, Stoltenberg and Poehl agreed to pursue the policies
accepted under the February Louvre accord, a finance ministry
spokesman in Bonn said.
    The dollar rose to 1.7970/90 marks from New York's close of
1.7730/40. It had closed there on Friday at 1.7975/85 marks.
    The dollar had tumbled nearly three pfennigs as the market
reacted to Baker's criticism of rising West German interest
rates, and stock markets crashed worldwide. Baker had said that
West Germany was apparently breaching the Louvre accord.
    Under the accord, leading industrial democracies pledged to
coordinate economic policies to foster currency stability, with
the surplus countries, West Germany and Japan, stimulating
their economies and the U.S. promising to cut its budget
deficit.
    West German government sources said rising West German
money market rates could not be seen as a breach of the Louvre
pact. They were rather a direct reaction to higher interest
rates in the United States. U.S. Bond yields have been rising
since May on inflationary fears and in early September the Fed
raised the discount rate to 6.00 pct from 5.50.
    German yields have also risen over this period, but less
markedly, and since late September the Bundesbank has nudged up
short-term rates by changing the terms on its security
repurchase pacts, its principal instrument for steering the
money market.
    The allocation rate on the last facility was 3.85 pct,
compared with 3.60 pct. This was partly due to West Germany's
inability to uncouple itself from U.S. interest rate trends,
but also reflected concern among monetary conservatives in the
Bundesbank central bank council about excessive monetary
growth, which raised fears of domestically produced inflation,
bank economists said.
    This monetary tightening reflected a switch from the
pragmatic line pursued by Bundesbank President Karl Otto Poehl
since early this year to stabilise the mark externally, to the
more cautious approach of Vice President Helmut Schlesinger.
    In an apparent gesture to Baker, coinciding with his visit,
the Bundesbank repeatedly added money market liquidity this
morning. Dealers said this was clearly a move to appease U.S.
anger over the most recent West German interest rate rises.
    "They (the Bundesbank) just don't want to come too much
under American fire," said Chris Zwermann, currency adviser at
Swiss Bank Corp here.
    "It seems to me that this is the Bundesbank beating quite a
significant retreat from its position," added Giles Keating,
economist at Credit Suisse First Boston Ltd in London.
    The significance that retreat will emerge from the terms of
the Bundesbank's next tender for a securities repurchase pact
on Tuesday, and its result on Wednesday, money market
economists said.
    Today's injection of liquidity shows that the Bundesbank
does not want a further strong rise in the tender allocation
rate, which is likely to turn out at between 3.80 and 3.90 pct,
little changed from the 3.85 pct on the last facility.
    The Bundesbank and Finance Ministry had given no indication
that the meeting would take place, although the Finance
Ministry spokesman said it had been arranged last week.
    Earlier on Monday the Finance Ministry spokesman, asked to
comment on the apparent U.S.-German clash over the Louvre
accord, went no further than quoting Stoltenberg as saying he
assumed monetary cooperation would continue.
    The spokesman said he believed Baker had already left West
Germany for Sweden on Monday. This week he is also due to visit
Denmark and Belgium.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21157>
Federal Reserve Board Vice-Chairman
Manuel Johnson cautioned against seeking "quick-fix solutions" to
persistent U.S. trade and federal budget deficits.
    In particular, he told an American Stock Exchange
conference, a decline in the dollar below current levels would
exacerbate financial market conditions.
    "Trying to artificially depress the dollar severely below
current levels ... would exacerbate financial market conditions
and lead to further potential for financial problems."
    Nowhere, Johnson said, are Fed officials hearing that U.S.
businesses cannot compete at current exchange rates.
    He acknowledged the U.S. trade deficit was persisting
despite a decline in the dollar's value of 40 to 50 pct in the
past two years.
    But the deficit is improving in volume terms and will soon
begin showing improvement.
    "The stage I think is being set for a healthy, constructive
expansion without inflationary instability," he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21542>
The Group of Seven (G-7) industrial nations
still comply with last February's Louvre accord to stabilize
currencies, a senior Bank of Japan official said.
    And U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker's remarks at the
weekend indicating the need to revise it do not herald a lower
range for the dollar, other senior officials from the Bank of
Japan and Finance Ministry agreed in interviews.
    "The exchange market is apparently reacting too much, and
anyone who sold the dollar on the Baker comment will regret it
later on," the Bank of Japan official told Reuters.
    The Bank official said Baker did not mean to talk the
dollar down. A lower dollar would harm the U.S. Economy, he
noted.
    A Finance Ministry official who was directly involved in
monetary talks with other nations also said the U.S. Would
never attempt to lower the reference range for the dollar
against the mark or the yen.
    The market assumes the dollar reference range to be between
140-150 yen and between 1.70 and 1.90 marks.
    The dollar closed in Tokyo today at 1.7730/35 marks and
141.35 yen.
    "Behind Baker's remark was U.S. Frustration over higher
interest rates abroad, especially in West Germany, but this
does not represent its readiness to scrap the basic framework
of the Louvre accord," the Finance Ministry official said.
    He said that on the contrary Baker wanted to avoid any
further rise in U.S. Interest rates because it would not only
hurt the U.S. Economy but aggravate the Third World debt
problem.
    Higher U.S. Interest rates would merely raise their
interest payment burden and depress U.S. Stock and bond markets
further, the monetary officials said.
    Both the ministry and central bank officials, who declined
to be named, noted the U.S. No longer wants to see a further
decline of the dollar because that could also fan inflationary
expectations in the U.S.
    "That's why Baker did not fail to add that the Louvre
agreement is still operative," the senior ministry official
said.
    Baker said in a U.S. Television interview on Sunday that
Washington would reexamine the Louvre accord because of West
Germany's increase in short-term interest rates.
    The market at first interpreted this as indicating the U.S.
Would be ready to scrap the Louvre accord and let the dollar
decline further unless surplus countries, notably West Germany,
try harder to stimulate their economies as pledged in the
accord, foreign exchange dealers said.
    But the market on reflection also noted Baker's additional
statement that "the Louvre agreement is still operative," and
this caused some dollar short-covering in Tokyo today, the
dealers said.
    Uncertainty, however, remained the flavour of the day in
Tokyo currency markets.
    The Japanese monetary officials said Baker's undisguised
pressure on West Germany to refrain from guiding interest rates
higher may be part of a process of multilateral surveillance,
or international economic policy coordination.
    The G-7, comprising the U.S., Japan, West Germany, Britain,
France, Italy and Canada, have agreed to monitor each other's
economic policies and from time to time apply "peer pressure" to
persuade others to change their policies to a desired course,
they noted. "Without such a basic agreement of multilateral
surveillance, Baker would never have criticized the West German
policy so openly," the ministry official said.
    The U.S.-West German squabble over Bonn's monetary policy
should thus be regarded as a process of healthy policy
coordination and not as any indication of a possible collapse
of the Louvre agreement, the official said.
    He also said Japan has not received any specific request
from the U.S. On its monetary policy, although its short-term
money rates have been edging higher.
    "This is because we, unlike the Germans, are not taking
policy to guide interest rates higher, and the marginal rate
rise in recent days is primarily for seasonal reasons," he
added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21573>
Tokyo's foreign exchange market is watching
nervously to see if the U.S. Dollar will drop below the
significant 140.00 yen level, dealers said.
    "The 140 yen level is key for the dollar because it is
considered to be the lower end of the reference range. If the
currency breaks through this level, it may decline sharply,"
said Hirozumi Tanaka, assistant general manager at Dai-ichi
Kangyo Bank Ltd's international treasury division.
    The dollar was at 141.10 yen at midday against Friday
closes of 142.35/45 in New York and 141.35 here.
    The dollar opened at 140.95 yen and fell to a low of
140.40. It was 1.7733/38 marks against 1.7975/85 in New York
and 1.8008/13 here on Friday, after an opening 1.7700/10.
    The currency's decline was due to remarks on Sunday by U.S.
Treasury Secretary James Baker, dealers said.
    "The dollar fell over the weekend on increased bearish
sentiment after Baker's comments," said Dai-ichi's Tanaka. He
said this stemmed from mounting concern that cooperation among
the group of seven (G-7) industrial nations to implement the
Louvre accord to stabilise currencies might be fraying.
    The dollar's fall was also prompted by a record one-day
drop in the Dow Jones industrial average on Friday and weakness
in U.S. Bond prices, dealers said.
    Baker said the Louvre accord was still operative but he
strongly criticised West German moves to raise key interest
rates. Operators took Baker's comment to indicate impatience
with some G-7 members for failing to stick to the Louvre accord
due to their fears of increasing inflation.
    Rises in interest rates aimed at dampening inflationary
pressures also slow domestic demand.
    West Germany and Japan had both pledged at G-7 meetings to
boost domestic demand to help narrow the huge U.S. Trade
deficit, Tanaka said.
    U.S. August trade data showed the U.S. Deficit at a still
massive 15.68 billion dlrs. But if West Germany raises interest
rates, this would run counter to the pledge, he said.
    "Operators are now waiting to see if the G-7 nations
coordinate dollar buying intervention," said Soichi Hirabayashi,
deputy general manager of Fuju Bank Ltd's foreign exchange
department.
    The target range set by the Louvre accord is generally
considered to be 140.00 to 160.00 yen, dealers said.
    "The market is likely to try the 140 yen level in the near
future and at that time, if operators see the G-7 nations
failing to coordinate intervention, they would see the Louvre
accord as abandoned and push the dollar down aggressively,"
Hirabayashi said. He said the U.S. Currency could fall as low
as 135 yen soon.
 REUTER
</BODY>
