<BODY DOCID=17620>
A cut of about half a percentage point
in Dutch official interest rates is still in prospect, although
economists said the timing would depend on Bundesbank moves.
    Speculation has been rife that the Dutch Central Bank,
encouraged by a strong guilder/mark relationship and wide
premiums for Dutch money and capital market rates over German,
might lower rates without the Bundesbank moving first.
    Last month, the Central Bank lowered its special advances
rate to 5.1 pct from 5.25 pct after the Bundesbank dropped its
repurchase tender rate to 3.55 pct from 3.8 pct.
    That rate has remained in force, just holding above the
five pct official secured loans rate which governs commercial
bank borrowings.
    Given a strong guilder, a further fall in the West German
repo rate would trigger a lower special advances tariff,
forcing an official Dutch rate cut, analysts said.
    In February, when the Bundesbank cut its discount rate to
three pct from 3.5 pct, the Central Bank only lowered money
market rates and removed a surcharge over the secured loans
rate on lending under its three month credit quota.
    Since then, however, both the Central Bank and Finance
Ministry have made it clear they favour lower official rates.
    In April, Central Bank President Wim Duisenberg said he
would follow any Bundesbank cut, and last week the Finance
Ministry expressed satisfaction when it raised 2.25 billion
guilders with a six pct coupon state loan priced at 100.10 pct
for an effective yield of 5.98 pct, the lowest since 1965.
    Technically, analysts said, there has to be a difference
between the secured loans rate which applies to lending under
the credit quota, and the tariff on special advances which add
extra liquidity to the money market.
    Bank economists and dealers said a West German move to
further lower the rate on securities repurchase pacts would
result in the Central Bank easing the special advance rate,
provided the guilder/mark relationship permitted.
    The Central Bank aims to keep the guilder stable around its
parity value within the European Monetary System of 112.673
guilders per 100 marks.
    Today, foreign exchange buying pushed the mark up 10
guilder cents to 112.705 guilders per 100 at the fix, a level
that would not permit a change in the interest rate
differential between West Germany and the Netherlands, dealers
said.
    An economist at ABN Bank said he expected West German and
Dutch interest rates to ease in the short term. However, he
said new wage agreements in West Germany had raised inflation
expectations which would put upward pressure on interest rates
in the longer term.
    In the Netherlands, the inflation outlook for 1987 is nil,
or even negative, while the latest official economic forecasts
point to a falling rate of economic growth.
    "It will depend on the outcome of collective wage agreement
negotiations here whether there could be cost push inflation,"
the ABN economist said.
    He said Dutch money supply growth, which ran at 3.4 pct in
January, could also contribute to some inflation.
    At Amro Bank, a leading analyst said inflation could run to
two pct next year. The bank expects Dutch capital market rates,
currently averaging around 6.1 pct, to stop easing in the
second half of this year and stabilize around 5.6 pct.
    Analysts said an official rate cut could trigger a buying
spree on the bond market which would bring yields down,
probably only temporarily, while money rates could fall below
five pct.
    Currently, all periods are traded at 5.12 to 5.25 pct in
the money market.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18136>
Fritz Leutwiler, chairman of
BBC AG Brown Boveri und Cie and a former Swiss National Bank
president, urged the National Bank to declare its intent of
achieving a rising rate for the mark against the Swiss franc.
    In a speech to shareholders, Leutwiler said, "A gradually
rising rate for the mark in relation to the franc would be
desirable from the standpoint of industrial exports and with
regard to sustaining Swiss industry."
    "Simply an appropriate declaration of intent by our bank of
issue (Swiss National Bank) could have a positive effect," he
said.
    Leutwiler, who served 10 years as head of the Swiss central
bank, said such a step would not contradict the National Bank's
target of monetary stability.
    "Bringing the franc close to the mark would, of course, have
to be done step by step under the watchful eye of monetary
policy," he told shareholders. "Realistically there is in fact no
persuasive reason why the German currency is quoted almost 20
pct lower than the Swiss."
    A National Bank spokesman said the relation of the mark and
Swiss franc was an example of stable currency parities over a
long period of time.
    The spokesman said exchange rates were made by the market,
not the central bank, and it would be impossible to influence
individual parities separately.
    Leutwiler said the Swiss National Bank could not support
the value of the dollar, even in conjunction with other central
banks, without putting monetary stability in jeopardy.
    "I would be the last to recommend that. The key to a
stronger dollar lies in the United States itself," Leutwiler
said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21542>
The Group of Seven (G-7) industrial nations
still comply with last February's Louvre accord to stabilize
currencies, a senior Bank of Japan official said.
    And U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker's remarks at the
weekend indicating the need to revise it do not herald a lower
range for the dollar, other senior officials from the Bank of
Japan and Finance Ministry agreed in interviews.
    "The exchange market is apparently reacting too much, and
anyone who sold the dollar on the Baker comment will regret it
later on," the Bank of Japan official told Reuters.
    The Bank official said Baker did not mean to talk the
dollar down. A lower dollar would harm the U.S. Economy, he
noted.
    A Finance Ministry official who was directly involved in
monetary talks with other nations also said the U.S. Would
never attempt to lower the reference range for the dollar
against the mark or the yen.
    The market assumes the dollar reference range to be between
140-150 yen and between 1.70 and 1.90 marks.
    The dollar closed in Tokyo today at 1.7730/35 marks and
141.35 yen.
    "Behind Baker's remark was U.S. Frustration over higher
interest rates abroad, especially in West Germany, but this
does not represent its readiness to scrap the basic framework
of the Louvre accord," the Finance Ministry official said.
    He said that on the contrary Baker wanted to avoid any
further rise in U.S. Interest rates because it would not only
hurt the U.S. Economy but aggravate the Third World debt
problem.
    Higher U.S. Interest rates would merely raise their
interest payment burden and depress U.S. Stock and bond markets
further, the monetary officials said.
    Both the ministry and central bank officials, who declined
to be named, noted the U.S. No longer wants to see a further
decline of the dollar because that could also fan inflationary
expectations in the U.S.
    "That's why Baker did not fail to add that the Louvre
agreement is still operative," the senior ministry official
said.
    Baker said in a U.S. Television interview on Sunday that
Washington would reexamine the Louvre accord because of West
Germany's increase in short-term interest rates.
    The market at first interpreted this as indicating the U.S.
Would be ready to scrap the Louvre accord and let the dollar
decline further unless surplus countries, notably West Germany,
try harder to stimulate their economies as pledged in the
accord, foreign exchange dealers said.
    But the market on reflection also noted Baker's additional
statement that "the Louvre agreement is still operative," and
this caused some dollar short-covering in Tokyo today, the
dealers said.
    Uncertainty, however, remained the flavour of the day in
Tokyo currency markets.
    The Japanese monetary officials said Baker's undisguised
pressure on West Germany to refrain from guiding interest rates
higher may be part of a process of multilateral surveillance,
or international economic policy coordination.
    The G-7, comprising the U.S., Japan, West Germany, Britain,
France, Italy and Canada, have agreed to monitor each other's
economic policies and from time to time apply "peer pressure" to
persuade others to change their policies to a desired course,
they noted. "Without such a basic agreement of multilateral
surveillance, Baker would never have criticized the West German
policy so openly," the ministry official said.
    The U.S.-West German squabble over Bonn's monetary policy
should thus be regarded as a process of healthy policy
coordination and not as any indication of a possible collapse
of the Louvre agreement, the official said.
    He also said Japan has not received any specific request
from the U.S. On its monetary policy, although its short-term
money rates have been edging higher.
    "This is because we, unlike the Germans, are not taking
policy to guide interest rates higher, and the marginal rate
rise in recent days is primarily for seasonal reasons," he
added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
