<BODY DOCID=14859>
Amatil Ltd &lt;AMAA.S> said it proposes to
make a two-for-five bonus issue out of its revaluation reserve
to shareholders registered May 26.
    Shareholders will be asked to approve the issue and an
increase in authorised capital to 175 mln shares from 125 mln
at a general meeting on May 1, it said in a statement.
    The new shares will rank for dividends declared after
October 31. Amatil, in which B.A.T. Industries Plc &lt;BTI.L>
holds a 41 pct stake, said it does not expect to maintain its
latest annual dividend rate of 29 cents a share on the enlarged
capital.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14860>
Shr 27.7p vs 20.7p
    Div 6.0p vs 5.5p making 10.0p vs 9.25p
    Turnover 1.34 billion stg vs 1.29 billion
    Pretax profit 48.0 mln vs 32.4 mln
    Tax 14.4 mln vs 6.9 mln
    Company name is Bowater Industries Plc &lt;BWTR.L>
    Trading profit 63.4 mln vs 45.1 mln
    Trading profit includes -
    Packaging and associated products 23.2 mln vs 14.2 mln
    Merchanting and services 18.4 mln vs 9.6 mln
    Tissue and timber products 9.0 mln vs 5.8 mln
    Interest debit 15.4 mln vs 12.7 mln
    Minority interests 7.0 mln debit vs 6.2 mln debit
    Extraordinary items 15.4 mln credit vs 11.9 mln debit
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14872>
Bowater Industries Plc &lt;BWTR.L> 1986
pretax profits of 48.0 mln stg exceeded market expectations of
around 40 mln and pushed the company's shares up sharply to a
high of 491p from 468p last night, dealers said.
    The shares later eased back to 481p. Bowater reported a
32.4 mln stg profit in 1985.
    The company said in a statement accompanying the results
that the underlying trend showed improvement and it intended to
expand further by developing existing businesses and seeking
new opportunities.
    It added that it had appointed David Lyon, currently
managing director of Redland Plc &lt;RDLD.L> as its new chief
executive.
    Analysts noted that Bowater's profits of 18.9 mln stg from
13.2 mln previously had been given a boost by pension benefits
of 4.5 mln stg.
    Profit from Australia and the Far East showed the greatest
percentage rise, jumping 55.0 pct to 15.5 mln from 10.0 mln,
while the profit from U.K. Operations rose 30.7 pct to 24.7
mln, and Europe, 42.9 pct to 11.0 mln.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14873>
Citibank A/S &lt;CCI.N>, the Norwegian
subsidiary of the U.S.-based bank, said it made a net loss of
just over six mln crowns in 1986 -- although foreign bankers
said they expect it to show 1987 profits after two lean years.
    Citibank's Oslo treasury head Bjoern Sejerstad told
Reuters, Citibank, one of seven foreign bank subsidiaries
operating in Norway, lost money because of restructuring for
investment banking away from commercial banking and an economic
slump in Norway following last year's plunge in oil prices.
    Foreign banks have been allowed to operate susbidiaries in
Norway since 1985.
    Foreign banking analysts in Oslo said access to Norway's
second-hand securities and equities markets, to be approved
later this spring, and lower primary reserve requirements would
make profit this year.
    Citibank lost 490,000 crowns in Norway in 1985, but
Sejerstad said a profit was likely this year because of planned
liberalisation and better economic performance, helped by a
steadier oil price of around 18 dlrs a barrel.
    Earlier this year, Chase Manhattan Bank's &lt;CMB.N>
subsidiary decided to stop foreign exchange trading after heavy
losses and focus instead on fee-based merchant banking.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14875>
A sharp fall in the dollar price of
zinc and the depreciation of the U.S. Currency created
unfavourable economic conditions for Vieille Montagne SA
&lt;VMNB.BR> in 1986.
    It said in a statement that the two factors led to a
squeeze on refining margins and an 18.24 pct fall in sales and
services income despite an unchanged level of activity.
    Vieille Montagne, which is actively pursuing a
restructuring program, reported a 198 mln franc net loss, after
187 mln francs in provisions for the closure of an electrolysis
plant, compared with a 250 mln franc net profit in 1985.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14876>
1986 Year
    Net loss after exceptional charges 198 mln francs vs profit
    250 mln
    Exceptional provisions for closure of Viviez electrolysis
    Plant 187 mln francs vs exceptional gain 22 mln
    Sales and services 16.51 billion francs vs 20.20 billion
    Proposed net dividend on ordinary shares nil vs 110 francs
    Company's full name is Vieille Montagne SA &lt;VMNB.BR>.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14903>
Isuzu Motor Ltd &lt;ISUM.T> will pay no
dividend for the first half year ending April 30, 1987, as the
company is expected to mark a 12 billion yen parent company
current loss in the first half due to slow exports caused by
the yen's appreciation, a company spokesman said.
    The company has paid no dividend since the year ended
October 31, 1983, when it paid five yen.
    It had a 4.44 billion yen current profit in the first half
of 1985/86.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14911>
Jardine Matheson Holdings Ltd
&lt;JARD.HK> said it will withdraw the previously announced
four-for-one bonus issue of "B" shares and replace it by a
two-for-five bonus issue of ordinary shares.
    A statement said the firm expects to pay total dividends
for 1987 of not less than 40 cents a share on the expanded
capital.
    Jardine Matheson decided to withdraw its issue because of a
joint announcement earlier today by Ronald Li, chairman of the
Stock Exchange of Hong Kong, and Securities Commissioner Ray
Astin, that the listings of new "B" shares would be barred.
    The official announcement said this will include the
proposal by Jardine Matheson.
    But the Jardine statement quoted chairman Simon Keswick as
saying: "We continue to believe that the issuing of "B" shares
would benefit shareholders, and regret that they will not be
given the opportunity to vote on the matter at this stage."
    Keswick said the "B" share issue will benefit Jardine
Matheson's shareholders by giving the firm flexibility to issue
ordinary shares for expansion in future without diluting
existing shareholders' voting rights.
    However, he added: "We certainly welcome (the Secretary for
Monetary Affairs) David Nendick's referral of this very
important matter to the Standing Committee on Company Law
Reform and are hopeful that the process will lead to the
development of general principles which can be embraced by all
constituents of the Hong Kong market."
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14926>
Italian insurer La Fondiaria Spa &lt;LFDI.MI>
said it expects to report consolidated group profit in 1986
significantly higher than the 60 billion lire reported in 1985.
    The company said in a statement that parent company net
profit last year will rise from the 72 billion lire reported in
1985. Consolidated group premiums totaled 1,700 billion lire in
1986 compared with 1,490 billion the previous year.
    Iniziativa Meta &lt;INZI.MI>, the financial services unit of
Montedison Spa &lt;MONI.MI>, controls the largest single stake in
Florence-based Fondiaria with 49.9 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14930>
The fully state-owned Dutch
chemical firm NV DSM &lt;DSMN.AS> said its 1986 net profit rose to
412 mln guilders from 402 mln in 1985, while turnover fell to
17.7 billion guilders in 1986 from 24.1 billion in 1985.
    The company said 1986 dividend, which will be paid to the
Dutch state in its capacity of the firm's sole shareholder,
would be raised to 98 mln guilders from 70 mln guilders in
1985.
    In an initial comment on its 1986 results, DSM said the
drop in 1986 turnover had been caused mainly by losses in the
company's fertilizer division.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14933>
California Biotechnology
Inc said it expects to report a loss of 1,300,000 dlrs to
1,600,000 dlrs for the first quarter due to increased
investment in research and manufacturing and a scaleup of
production.
    The company said research spending is running 50 to 60 pct
above a year ago as it tries to commercialize its products as
quickly as possible, and increased expenditures are expected to
continue for several more quarters.  It said operating results
will fluctuate quarter to quarter, depending on the timing of
significant payments from commercial partners.
    In the first three months of 1986, the company lost 150,000
dlrs.  The company changed its fiscal year in 1986 to a
calendar year from a year ending November 30.  For the first
quarter of last year, ended February 28, California Biotech
earned 114,000 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14934>
Qtly div 8-1/2 cts vs 8-1/2 cts prior
    Pay May One
    Record April 20
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14954>
Shr 14 cts vs nine cts
    Net 217,572 vs 153,454
    Revs 2,530,273 vs 2,558,924
    1st half
    Shr 19 cts vs 11 cts
    Net 299,838 vs 174,739
    Revs 4,865,249 vs 4,495,021
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14960>
Shr 20 cts vs 32 cts
    Net 1,358,000 vs 2,476,000
    Revs 27.1 mln vs 26.2 mln
    Avg shrs 6,852,000 vs 7,764,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 68 cts vs 1.05 dlrs
    Net 4,957,000 vs 8,129,000
    Revs 82.6 mln vs 78.8 mln
    Avg shrs 7,316,000 vs 7,754,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14962>
Shr 28 cts vs 22 cts
    Net 20.6 mln vs 16.1 mln
    Sales 238.0 mln vs 188.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14963>
Shr profit 13 cts vs loss 33 cts
    Net profit 1,149,000 vs loss 2,833,000
    Rev 51.8 mln vs 47.8 mln
    Year
    Shr profit 24 cts vs loss 18 cts
    Net profit 2,050,000 vs loss 1,551,000
    Rev 200.6 mln vs 180.1 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14967>
Rubbermaid Inc said its incoming
order rates continue strong and it expects to continue
recording favorable year to year comparisons in each remaining
quarter of 1987.
    Today the company reported first quarter earnings of 20.6
mln dlrs on sales of 238.0 mln dlrs, up from earnings of 16.1
mln dlrs on sales of 188.8 mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14968>
Shr 55 cts vs 41 cts
    Net 494,000 vs 204,000
    Avg shrs 896,655 vs 494,155
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14969>
Shr 33 cts vs not given
    Net 642,484 vs 362,883
    NOTE: Company went public in October 1986.
    Net includes pretax loan loss provisions of 90,000 dlrs vs
56,250 dlrs and gain on sale of securities of 113,432 dlrs vs
88,946 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14970>
2nd qtr March 31
    Shr 57 cts vs not given
    Net 790,874 vs 628,020
    1st half
    Shr 1.15 dlrs vs not given
    Net 1,588,985 vs 1,073,163
    NOTE: Company recently went public.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14971>
Shr 21 cts vs 20 cts
    Net 596,000 vs 594,000
    Revs 8,693,000 vs 8,164,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 61 cts vs 58 cts
    Net 1,784,000 vs 1,653,000
    Revs 26.3 mln vs 23.0 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14975>
Compaq Computer Corp said it expects
sales and earnings for the first quarter of 1987 to be higher
than analysts expectations due to strong demand for its
products.
    Rod Canion, president and chief executive officer of
Compaq, said he expects sales of over 200 mln dlrs for the
period ending March 31, above analysts' estimates of 165-185
mln dlrs. He added that earnings per share would exceed
analysts estimates of as high as 42 cts a share.
    Compaq reported earnings of 8.3 mln dlrs, or 30 cts a
share, and sales of 144 mln dlrs for the first quarter 1986.
    The company said demand for its DESKPRO 386, PORTABLE III
and the new COMPAQ DESKPRO 286 will contribute to the sales
increase.
    "The initial demand for the recently introduced COMPAQ
PORTABLE III and the new models of the COMPAQ DESKPRO 286
exceeds that of any other Compaq personal computers," Canion
said. "We saw continued demand for our personal computers
across the quarter, with March (1987) being a particularly
strong month.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14981>
Shr nil vs nil
    Net 215,000 vs 16,000
    Revs 2,800,000 vs 1,100,000
    Nine mths
    Shr one ct vs nil
    Net 620,000 vs 231,000
    Revs 8,100,000 vs 2,100,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14983>
Shr 17 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 598,000 vs 392,000
    Sales 10.2 mln vs 7,474,000
    Avg shrs 3,432,000 vs 3,045,000
    Year
    Oper shr profit 1.05 dlrs vs loss 47 cts
    Oper net profit 3,498,000 vs loss 1,427,000
    Sales 52.2 mln vs 40.8 mln
    Avg shrs 3,320,000 vs 3,060,000
    NOTE: Latest year net excludes 782,000 dlr tax credit.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14984>
Bankers Trust New York Corp said it has
placed its approximately 540 mln dlrs of medium- and long-term
loans to Brazil on non-accrual status and that first-quarter
net income will be reduced by about seven mln dlrs as a result.
    Brazil suspended interest payments on its 68 billion dlrs
of medium- and long-term debt on February 22.
    U.S. banking regulations do not require banks to stop
accruing interest on loans until payments are 90 days overdue,
but Bankers Trust said it acted now because of "the high
potential of a continued suspension that would result in
reaching the 90-day limit in the second quarter of 1987."
    Assuming no cash payments at current interest rates are
received for the rest of 1987, Bankers Trust estimated that
full-year net income would be reduced by about 30 mln dlrs.
    Bankers Trust said it assumes that debt negotiations
between Brazil and its commercial bank lenders will lead to the
resumption of interest payments.
    The negotiations resume in New York on Friday when central
bank governor Francisco Gros is expected to ask banks for a
90-day rollover of some 9.5 billion dlrs of term debt that
matures on April 15.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14985>
Shr profit 63 cts vs 22 cts
    Net 775,868 vs 276,446
    Revs 2,255,742 vs 706,130
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14993>
Mead Corp said the outlook for its
major paper markets looks strong for the second quarter and
augurs well for its earnings in 1987.
    "The generally strong outlook bodes well for significantly
improved earnings this year," Burnell Roberts, chairman and
chief executive officer said.
    Earlier, the company reported first quarter earnings of
34.2 mln dlrs, or 1.09 dlrs a share, versus 20.3 mln dlrs, or
65 cts a share, in last year's first quarter.
    In 1986 the company reported earnings from continuing
operations of 109.3 mln dlrs, or 3.50 dlrs a share.
    Mead said its first quarter benefitted from stronger market
conditions and improved operations.
    "The combination of capital improvement programs and more
employee involvement has been paying off throughout our paper
operations," Roberts said.
    He added that Mead's pulp and paperboard businesses are
operating well as prices have improved and strong demand has
placed most products in a sold-out position through the middle
of the year.
    Mead said sales of its unbleached coated paperboard was
particularly strong, up 13 pct versus the first quarter 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14995>
Shr profit 20 cts vs loss three cts
    Net profit 849,299 vs loss 82,512
    Revs 7,929,138 vs 3,849,224
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14998>
Shr primary 78 cts vs 68 cts
    Shr diluted 75 cts vs 68 cts
    Qtrly div six cts vs five cts
    Net 7,929,000 vs 6,569,000
    Revs 78.7 mln vs 61.9 mln
    NOTE: Pay date for the qtrly div is April 28 for
shareholders of record April 20.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15000>
4thh qtr Feb 28
    Shr 46 cts vs 22 cts
    Net 2,139,034 vs 854,182
    Sales 30.8 mln vs 20.6 mln
    Avg shrs 5,280,854 vs 4,559,646
    Year
    Shr 1.34 dlrs vs 1.15 dlrs
    Net 5,935,117 vs 4,156,171
    Sales 107.2 mln vs 71.6 mln
    Avg shrs 5,281,387 vs 3,616,183
    NOTE: Town and Country Jewelry Manufacturing Corp.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15002>
Shr 10 cts vs 32 cts
    Net 975,000 vs 3,145,000
    Sales 159.1 mln vs 147.3 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15005>
Entourage International Inc said it had
a first quarter loss of 104,357 dlrs, after incurring 70,000
dlrs in costs for an internal audit, a report for shareholders
and proxy soliciation and 24,000 dlrs in startup expenses for
opening London offices.
    The company went public during 1986.
    Entourage also said it has started marketing a solid
perfume packaged in a lipstick tube called "Amadeus," retailing
at 15 dlrs.
    The company also said it has acquired North Country Media
Group, a video productions company.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15006>
Shr 58 cts vs 29 cts
    Net 3,141,000 vs 1,440,000
    Sales 24.7 mln vs 13.0 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15012>
Qtly div 33 cts vs 28 cts prior
    Pay June 1
    Record May 1
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15020>
Volkswagen AG &lt;VOWG.F>,
VW, is due to make a formal announcement about its 1986
dividend tomorrow after saying the 1985 level of 10 marks per
ordinary share would be held, despite massive losses because of
a suspected foreign currency fraud.
    A spokesman said VW's supervisory board will meet tomorrow
to discuss the payout.  A statement will be made afterwards.
    VW has also said disclosed profits for 1986 will reach
their 1985 level, despite provisions of a possible 480 mln
marks linked to the currency affair. The figure is virtually
the same as the 477 mln mark 1985 parent company net profit.
    When VW first confirmed the currency scandal on March 10 it
said the management board would propose an unchanged 10-mark
dividend to the supervisory board. A dividend of 11 marks would
be proposed for the company's new preference shares.
    Share analysts said they saw supervisory board approval of
the management board proposal as virtually a formality.
"Anything else would be more than a surprise," one said.
    Company sources said VW would have to dig into reserves to
maintain the disclosed profit. Parent company reserves stood at
around three billion marks at end-1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15023>
Shr 1.40 dlrs vs 1.16 dlrs
    Net 5,776,000 vs 4,429,000
    Avg shrs 4,132,828 vs 3,834,117
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15026>
shr 1.22 dlrs vs 1.28 dlrs
    net 226.4 mln vs 233.9 mln
    assets 80.45 billion vs 70.23 billion
    loans 35.16 billion vs 35.99 billion
    deposits 45.22 billion vs 39.68 billion
    return on assets 1.14 pct vs 1.35 pct
    return on common equity 18.20 pct vs 22.08 pct
    NOTE: 1987 qtr net was reduced by 20 mln dlrs because 1.3
billion dlrs of loans to Brazil were placed on non-accrual.
    loan loss provision 35 mln dlrs vs 70 mln year earlier.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15027>
Shr 74 cts vs 67 cts
    Net 8,067,000 vs 7,317,000
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15028>
Qtr ends Feb 28
    Shr Class A 61 cts vs 48 cts
    Shr Class B 59 cts vs 46 cts
    Net 2,358,000 vs 1,876,000
    Revs 122,508,000 vs 105,871,000
    Six mths
    Shr Class A 1.15 dlrs vs 86 cts
    Shr Class B 1.13 dlrs vs 84 cts
    Net 4,485,000 vs 3,378,000
    Revs 242,453,000 vs 210,117,000
    NOTE: qtr and six mths prior figures reflect two-for-one
stock split in August 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15029>
Hanover Insurance Co said its
stockholders approved a two-for-one stock split.
    As a result of the split, Hanover said it increases the
number of authorized shares of capital stock from 10.4 mln,
having a par value of one dlr, to 20.9 mln, also having a par
value of one dlr.
    The stock split is payable April 30 to stockholders of
record April 10, Hanover said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15032>
Qtly distribution 7-1/2 cts vs 7-1/2 cts prior (excluding
2-1/2 cts special)
    Pay April 30
    Record April 22
    NOTE: Full name is Universal Medical Buildings L.P.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15053>
Shr 59 cts vs 51 cts
    Net 18.0 mln vs 15.6 mln
    Revs 278.6 mln vs 272.2 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15055>
Continental Bank of Canada said
shareholders approved a capital reorganization to allow an
initial payout by the end of May to common shareholders from
last year's 200 mln Canadian dlr sale of most Continental
assets to &lt;Lloyds Bank PLC>'s Lloyds Bank Canada.
    The bank said the initial distribution would take the form
of a stock dividend of cumulative redeemable retractable class
A series two preferred shares entitling holders to monthly
floating rate dividends at 72 pct of prime and to 12.75 dlrs a
share on retraction.
    Continental said the initial payout was subject to Canadian
government approval.
    The bank reiterated that total distributions to common
shareholders would range from 16.50 dlrs a share to 17.25 dlrs
including the initial stock dividend and a final distribution
in late 1988 or early 1989.
    The payout of existing preferred shareholders will be
completed just before next month's initial distribution to
common shareholders, Continental added.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15056>
4th qtr
    Shr loss 17 cts vs loss 22 cts
    Net loss 14.5 mln vs loss 18.0 mln
    Revs 27.3 mln vs 23.7 mln
    Year
    Shr 58 cts vs 1.01 dlrs
    Net loss 48.3 mln vs loss 84.2 mln
    Revs 111.7 mln vs 141.9 mln
    NOTE: Atlas Consolidated Mining and Development Corp of
Manila.
    Translated from Philippine pesos at 20.3489 pesos to dollar
vs 18.5571 in quarter and 20.2315 vs 18.2743 in year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15062>
Shr 18 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 575,000 vs 379,000
    Sales 6,625,000 vs 4,537,000
    Avg shrs 3,173,000 vs 2,977,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15063>
Cheap oil feedstocks, the weakened U.S.
dollar and a plant utilization rate approaching 90 pct will
propel the streamlined U.S. petrochemical industry to record
profits this year, with growth expected through at least 1990,
major company executives predicted.
    This bullish outlook for chemical manufacturing and an
industrywide move to shed unrelated businesses has prompted GAF
Corp &lt;GAF>, privately-held Cain Chemical Inc, and other firms
to aggressively seek acquisitions of petrochemical plants.
    Oil companies such as Ashland Oil Inc &lt;ASH>, the
Kentucky-based oil refiner and marketer, are also shopping for
money-making petrochemical businesses to buy.
    "I see us poised at the threshold of a golden period," said
Paul Oreffice, chairman of giant Dow Chemical Co &lt;DOW>, adding,
"There's no major plant capacity being added around the world
now. The whole game is bringing out new products and improving
the old ones."
    Analysts say the chemical industry's biggest customers,
automobile manufacturers and home builders that use a lot of
paints and plastics, are expected to buy quantities this year.
    U.S. petrochemical plants are currently operating at about
90 pct capacity, reflecting tighter supply that could hike
product prices by 30 to 40 pct this year, said John Dosher,
managing director of Pace Consultants Inc of Houston. Demand
for some products such as styrene could push profit margins up
by as much as 300 pct, he said.
    Oreffice, speaking at a meeting of chemical engineers in
Houston, said Dow would easily top the 741 mln dlrs it earned
last year and predicted it would have the best year in its
history.
    In 1985, when oil prices were still above 25 dlrs a barrel
and chemical exports were adversely affected by the strong U.S.
dollar, Dow had profits of 58 mln dlrs. "I believe the entire
chemical industry is headed for a record year or close to it,"
Oreffice said.
    GAF chairman Samuel Heyman estimated that the U.S. chemical
industry would report a 20 pct gain in profits during 1987.
Last year, the domestic industry earned a total of 13 billion
dlrs, a 54 pct leap from 1985.
    The turn in the fortunes of the once-sickly chemical
industry has been brought about by a combination of luck and
planning, said Pace's John Dosher.
    Dosher said last year's fall in oil prices made feedstocks
dramatically cheaper and at the same time the American dollar
was weakening against foreign currencies. That helped boost
U.S. chemical exports.
    Also helping to bring supply and demand into balance has
been the gradual market absorption of the extra chemical
manufacturing capacity created by Middle Eastern oil producers
in the early 1980s.
    Finally, virtually all major U.S. chemical manufacturers
have embarked on an extensive corporate restructuring program
to mothball inefficient plants, trim the payroll and eliminate
unrelated businesses. The restructuring touched off a flurry of
friendly and hostile takeover attempts.
    GAF, which made an unsuccessful attempt in 1985 to acquire
Union Carbide Corp &lt;UK>, recently offered three billion dlrs
for Borg Warner Corp &lt;BOR>, a Chicago manufacturer of plastics
and chemicals. Another industry powerhouse, W.R. Grace &lt;GRA> 
has divested its retailing, restaurant and fertilizer
businesses to raise cash for chemical acquisitions.
    But some experts worry that the chemical industry may be
headed for trouble if companies continue turning their back on
the manufacturing of staple petrochemical commodities, such as
ethylene, in favor of more profitable specialty chemicals that
are custom-designed for a small group of buyers.
    "Companies like DuPont &lt;DD> and Monsanto Co &lt;MTC> spent the
past two or three years trying to get out of the commodity
chemical business in reaction to how badly the market had
deteriorated," Dosher said. "But I think they will eventually
kill the margins on the profitable chemicals in the niche
market." Some top chemical executives share the concern.
    "The challenge for our industry is to keep from getting
carried away and repeating past mistakes," GAF's Heyman
cautioned. "The shift from commodity chemicals may be
ill-advised. Specialty businesses do not stay special long."
    Houston-based Cain Chemical, created this month by the
Sterling investment banking group, believes it can generate 700
mln dlrs in annual sales by bucking the industry trend.
    Chairman Gordon Cain, who previously led a leveraged buyout
of Dupont's Conoco Inc's chemical business, has spent 1.1
billion dlrs since January to buy seven petrochemical plants
along the Texas Gulf Coast.
    The plants produce only basic commodity petrochemicals that
are the building blocks of specialty products.
    "This kind of commodity chemical business will never be a
glamorous, high-margin business," Cain said, adding that demand
is expected to grow by about three pct annually.
    Garo Armen, an analyst with Dean Witter Reynolds, said
chemical makers have also benefitted by increasing demand for
plastics as prices become more competitive with aluminum, wood
and steel products. Armen estimated the upturn in the chemical
business could last as long as four or five years, provided the
U.S. economy continues its modest rate of growth.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15065>
Shr loss two cts vs profit 38 cts
    Net loss 90,000 vs profit 1,685,000
    Revs 1,826,000 vs 29.3 mln
    Year
    Shr profit 3.37 dlrs vs profit 46 cts
    Net profit 15.0 mln vs profit 2,047,000
    Revs 26.2 mln vs 123.6 mln
    NOTE: Net includes pretax securities sale gain 10,000 dlrs
vs loss 1,000 dlrs in quarter and gain 486,000 dlrs vs loss
112,000 dlrs in year.
    Net includes pretax gains on sale of businesses of nil vs
4,656,000 dlrs in quarter and 26.0 mln dlrs vs 4,656,000 dlrs
in year.
    Net includes pretax losses on disposition of product line
of nil vs 3,150,000 dlrs in quarter and 3,300,000 dlrs vs
3,150,000 dlrs in year.
    Quarter net includes tax credits of 102,000 dlrs vs 736,000
dlrs.
    Net includes reversal of tax loss carryforwards of 259,000
dlrs vs 264,000 dlrs in quarter and tax loss carryforwards of
8,635,000 dlrs vs 579,000 dlrs in year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15067>
Oper shr 26 cts vs not given
    Oper net 866,000 vs 480,000
    NOTE: 1987 net excludes 157,000 dlr gain from termination
of pension plan.
    Company went public in August 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15077>
Qtly div 30 cts vs 30 cts prior
    Pay June 8
    Record May 18
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15078>
Qtly div 10 cts vs 10 cts previously
    Pay April 20
    Record April 10
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15079>
Shr 1.37 dlrs vs 1.19 dlrs
    Net 101.8 mln vs 92.3 mln
    Revs 1.750 billion vs 1.725 billion
    Avg shrs 74.2 mln vs 77.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15082>
Qtly div eight cts vs N.A.
    Payable May 11
    Record April 24
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15090>
Shr primary 73 cts vs 60 cts
    Shr diluted 70 cts vs 58 cts
    Net 38,528,000 vs 31,680,000
    Avg shares 52,087,634 vs 51,294,652
    NOTE: Qtr net interest income is 130.7 mln dlrs vs 114.8
mln dlrs. Earnings per share reflects two-for-one common stock
split on March 15.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15093>
Raytheon said a 10 pct rise in
its first quarter net to 101.8 mln dlrs reflected improved
operations and a lower effective tax rate.
    The company said revenue gains in electronics, major
appliances and other lines were offset by decreases in energy
services and aircraft products. Revenues in the quarter rose
1.4 pct to 1.75 billion dlrs, it said.
    The company said backlog stood at 7.520 billion dlrs, down
from 7.912 billion dlrs a year earlier. It said a five year
3.55 billion dlr U.S. defense contract was awarded shortly
after the close of the first quarter.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15094>
Ended Feb 28
    Shr loss 2.80 dlrs vs profit 17 cts
    Net loss 90.5 mln vs profit 5,271,000
    Revs 240.9 mln vs 159.4 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 2.49 dlrs vs loss 2.07 dlrs
    Net loss 80.4 mln vs loss 66.5 mln
    Revs 787.9 mln vs 612.4 mln
    NOTE: Includes loss of 89.6 mln dlrs vs loss 14.5 mln dlrs
in year and loss of 91.6 mln dlrs in current qtr from
discontinued operations.
    1986 qtr includes pretax gain of five mln dlrs from
settlement of litigation and tax gain of 5.1 mln dlrs from
change in estimated effective tax rate.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15103>
J.P. Morgan and Co Inc said its
first-quarter earnings fell by 3.2 pct, largely reflecting its
previously announced decision to place on non-accrual status
its 1.3 billion dlrs of medium- and long-term loans to Brazil.
    That decision, spurred by Brazil's suspension of interest
payments on February 20, reduced the quarter's net income by 20
mln dlrs to 226.4 mln dlrs, compared with 233.9 mln in the
first three months of 1986.
    Morgan also reported a loss of 1.8 mln dlrs from securities
underwriting and trading, in contrast to a gain of 45.4 mln
dlrs in the year-earlier period.
    In the fourth quarter of 1986, Morgan posted other trading
losses of 5.5 mln dlrs because of setbacks in the trading and
underwriting of Euromarket securities.
    Conditions in some sectors of the Euromarket remained
difficult last quarter, with floating rate notes suffering
heavy price falls, but a spokeswoman was unable to say whether
Morgan's trading losses were restricted to the Euromarket.
    On the positive side, Morgan reduced its provision for loan
losses to 35 mln dlrs from 70 mln a year earlier. Foreign
exchange trading income rose to 82 mln dlrs from 72.6 mln and
trust income increased to 95.9 mln dlrs from 75.9 mln.
    Morgan said other operating income, mainly fees and
commissions, rose to 102.2 mln dlrs from 88.4 mln, but net
investment securities gains dropped to 43.1 mln from 58.1 mln.
    Net interest earnings were 490.4 mln dlrs in the first
quarter, down from 499.4 mln a year earlier, and net yield fell
to 2.79 pct from 3.20 pct.
    If Brazil had not been placed on non-accrual, which means
that interest can be recorded as income only when payments are
actually received, net interest earnings would have been 525.9
mln dlrs and net yield 2.99 pct. If Brazil does not resume
payments, 1987 net would be cut by 72 mln dlrs, Morgan added.
    After the provision for loan losses, Morgan's allowance for
credit losses at the end of March totaled 953 mln dlrs compared
with 910 mln at end-1986 and 815 mln a year earlier.
    It reported net recoveries of six mln dlrs after
charge-offs of eight mln, compared with net charge-offs of 49
mln dlrs after recoveries of three mln a year earlier.
    Excluding Brazil, non-accruing loans at quarter's end were
583 mln dlrs, down from 633 mln at end-1986 and 684 mln a year
earlier. Non-interest expenses rose to 371.1 mln dlrs from
303.5 mln dlrs, with more than half the increase related to
personnel costs, Morgan said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15104>
Shr loss 17.3 cts vs 21.5 cts
    Net loss 14.5 mln vs loss 18.0 mln
    Revs 27.3 mln vs 23.7 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 58 cts vs loss 1.01 dlrs
    Net loss 48.3 mln vs loss 84.2 mln
    Revs 111.7 mln vs 141.9 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15107>
Fleet Financial Group said its
shareholders approved an increase in shares of the company's
authorized common stock to 100,000,000 shares from 75,000,000
shares currently.
    The company said shareholders approved the move at the
annual meeting in Providence today when the company reported
that its first quarter earnings rose to 38.5 mln dlrs, or 73
cts a share, from 31.7 mln dlrs, or 60 cts a share, in the
first quarter 1986.
    J. Terence Murray, chairman and president of Fleet
Financial, said, "Fleet's mortgage banking activities in
particular continued to produce signficant income increases (in
the first quarter)."
    Murray said Fleet's mortgage servicing portfolio reached
22.1 billion dlrs by March 31, including 1.8 billion dlrs
purchased in March.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15109>
Shr 42 cts vs 35 cts
    Net 854,000 vs 839,000
    Revs 23.2 mln vs 21.9 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15110>
Exchanges and telecommunications
authorities should abolish their restrictions on full and free
dissemination of information to the investment and banking
communities, Reuters Holdings Plc &lt;RTRS.L> chairman Sir
Christopher Hogg said.
    In the 1986 annual repoprt, he said lengthy negotiations
had brought agreement with the Tokyo and London Stock Exchanges
for fuller, but still not complete, access to market data
through Reuter services.
    "Many other markets maintain restrictions," he added.
    Hogg said members of some markets appear to believe that
information restrictions protected their interests.
    In other cases, exchanges seem to be limiting the
distribution of data in order to provide competitive advantage
to their own commercial information businesses.
    He also noted that despite increasing liberalisation in the
telecommunications field, some countries continue to protect
their state monopolies at the expense of other economic
sectors.
    "Reuter dealing services remain excluded from such
countries. As a result, banking communities serving entire
economies are put at a competitive disadvantage," he added.
    Reuters increased its 1986 pre-tax profit by 39 pct from
the previous year to 130.1 mln stg on a 43 pct rise in revenues
to 620.9 mln stg.
    Earnings per ordinary share were up 47 pct to 19.4p. The
annual shareholder meeting will be held in London on April 29.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15118>
Qtly div nine cts vs nine cts prior
    Pay July 15
    Record June 15
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15120>
Celltronics Inc said its directors
declared a one-for-10 reverse stock split of its common stock.
    It said the split will be payable April 17 to shareholders
of record April 16.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15121>
&lt;Montedison SPA> of Italy said net
consolidated profit for its Agrimont Group, formed in June
1986, totalled 1.5 billion lire in 1986.
    Agrimont SPA, the holding company for Montedison's
Agro-Industrial businesses, had sales of 810 billion lire and a
net profit of about 1.1 billion lire, after amortization costs
of 35 billion lire and a 13 billion lire reduction in the value
of inventory due to falling market prices, Montedison said.
    Agrimont, still wholly owned by Montedison, is taking steps
to be traded on the Milan exchange, the company said.
    The company said that 1986 was characterized by an unstable
fertlizer market due to the weak dollar and the decline of
international prices for products sold in Europe and the U.S
where Agrimont operates through its Conserv division.
    In pesticides and in animal health care products Agrimont
maintained its previous level of revenues and market share in
1986, Montedison said.
    Montedison said it named Ettore dell'Isola to the newly
created position of president of Agrimont.
    Montedison also said it named Renato Picco, managing
director of &lt;Eridania SPA> and Gianfranco Ceroni, managing
director of &lt;Italiana Olii e Sifi>, both of whom are members
of the the Ferruzzi Group's management board, to Argimont's
board of directors. Ferruzzi owns about 40 pct of Montedison,
the company said.
    
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15126>
Shr 26 cts vs 52 cts
    Net 1,386,000 vs 2,773,000
    Revs 47.7 mln vs 38.5 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 52 cts vs 97 cts
    Net 2,765,000 vs 5,419,000
    Revs 116.9 mln vs 97 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15130>
Shr profit 12 cts vs loss 14 cts
    Net profit 183,000 vs loss 234,000
    Revs 2.4 mln vs 1.5 mln
    Six months
    Shr profit 22 cts vs loss 22 cts
    Net profit 345,000 vs loss 358,000
    Revs 5.2 mln vs 2.9 mln
    NOTE:1987 2nd qtr and six months include gains of 78,000
dlrs and 154,000 dlrs for tax loss carryforward.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15136>
Shr 28 cts vs 16 cts
    Net 9,387,000 vs 25,617,000
    Revs 410.1 mln vs 393.5 mln
    Avg shrs 35.4 mln vs 164.7 mln
    NOTE: 1987 net reflects interest expense on debt incurred
to finance recapitalization in Oct. 1986. Prior year earnings
restated to reflect recapitalization plan.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15141>
Shr 59 cts vs 46 cts
    Net 2.4 mln vs 1.9 mln
    Revs 122.5 mln vs 105.9 mln
    Six months
    Shr 1.13 dlrs vs 84 cts
    Net 4.5 mln vs 3.4 mln
    Revs 242.5 mln vs 210.1 mln
    NOTE: 1986 share adjusted for 2-for-1 stock split.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15144>
Shr 33 cts vs 31 cts
    Net 9,219,017 vs 8,515,539
    Revs 112.0 mln vs 95.4 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15145>
Shr loss 24 cts vs profit seven cts
    Net loss 5,952,000 vs profit 2,078,000
    Revs 55.9 mln vs 50.6 mln
    Avg shrs 25.2 mln vs 24.7 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr loss 11 cts vs profit 24 cts
    Net loss 2,673,000 vs profit 6,800,000
    Revs 162.6 mln vs 143.9 mln
    Avg shrs 25.0 mln vs 24.4 mln
    NOTE: Current year net both periods includes pretax charge
seven mln dlrs from increase in reserve for investments in
broadcast television entities and tax credits of 1,002,000 dlrs
in quarter and 520,000 dlrs in nine mths.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15152>
Shr profit 10 cts vs loss 17 cts
    Net profit 206,000 vs loss 281,000
    Revs 1,022,00 vs 344,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15153>
Shr loss 48 cts vs loss 19 cts
    Net loss 746,000 vs loss 342,000
    Revs 3,213,000 vs 2,925,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15157>
Qtly div 25 cts vs 25 cts prior
    Payable May 6
    Record April 24
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15162>
Preston corp said it expects to
report a loss of about 300,000 dlrs or five cts per share for
the first quarter, compared with a profit of 1,081,000 dlrs or
19 cts per share a year before.          
    The trucking company attributed the loss to the continued
rate of discounted in its primary markets, flat revenues and
increased costs, including uninsured claims expense resulting
from adverse weather conditions during the last three months.
    It said results outside the Northeast were strong, and it
expects to show improved results for the rest of the year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15175>
Shr 30 cts vs 28 cts
    Net 5,000,000 vs 4,600,000
    Revs 125.2 mln vs 123.9 mln
    Note: 52 pct-owned by Dana Corp &lt;DCN>.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15180>
Shr 20 cts vs 32 cts
    Net 1,358,000 vs 2,476,000
    Revs 27.1 mln vs 26.2 mln
    Nine Mths
    Shr 68 cts vs 1.05 dlrs
    Net 4,957,000 vs 8,129,000
    Revs 82.6 mln vs 78.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15188>
Shr loss two cts vs profit nine cts
    Net loss 74,000 vs profit 418,000
    Sales 18.2 mln vs 17.5 mln
    Year
    Shr profit nine cts vs profit 26 cts
    Net profit 426,000 vs profit 1,170,000
    Sales 58.7 mln vs 56.7 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15189>
Shr profit 2.26 dlrs vs loss 81 cts
    Net profit 9,785,000 vs loss 3,422,000
    Revs 26.0 mln vs 18.9 mln
    Avg shrs 4,316,000 vs 4,207,000
    1st half
    Shr profit 2.75 dlrs vs loss 1.07 dlrs
    Net profit 11.9 mln vs loss 4,486,000
    Revs 39.0 mln vs 37.2 mln
    Avg shrs 4,318,000 vs 4,181,000
    NOTE: Current year net both periods includes gain 9,500,000
dlrs from sale of Orange-Co of Florida subsidiary to American
Agrnomics Corp &lt;AGR>.
    Net includes pretax real estate disposition loss 920,000
dlrs vs gain 52,000 dlrs in quarter and loss 863,000 dlrs vs
gain 117,000 dlrs in half.
    Prior year net includes tax credits of 2,132,000 dlrs in
quarter and 3,039,000 dlres in half.
    Current half net includes 2,051,000 dlr pretax gain
2,051,000 dlrs from change in accounting.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15190>
Shr 69 cts vs 64 cts
    Net 66,719,000 vs 61,773,000
    Rev 285.6 mln vs 259.7 mln
    NOTE: Earnings include after-tax gain of 29.4 mln dlrs, or
30 cts a share, versus after-tax gain of 31.4 mln dlrs, or 32
cts a share, for 1986 first quarter. Earnings per share
reflects a 50 pct stock dividend in the form of a class B
common stock distribution on June 30, 1986.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15193>
LORD ABBETT BOND DEBENTURE FUND
    Qtly div 28 cts vs 29 cts prior
    Pay May 5
    Record April 9
    ---
    LORD ABBETT U.S. GOVERNMENT SECURITIES FUND
    Daily div 2.9 cts vs 2.9 cts prior
    Pay May 15
    Record May 15
    LORD ABBETT TAX FREE INCOME FUND NATIONAL SERIES
    Daily div 6.7 cts vs 6.7 cts prior
    Pay May 15
    Record May 15
    ---
    LORD ABBETT TAX FREE INCOME NEW YORK SERIES
    Daily div 6.7 cts vs 6.7 cts prior
    Pay May 15
    Record May 15
    LORD ABBETT TAX FREE INCOME TEXAS SERIES
    Daily div 5.9 cts vs 5.9 cts prior
    Pay May 15
    Record May 15
    ---
    LORD ABBETT CALIFORNIA TAX FREE INCOME
    Daily div of 6.2 cts vs 6.2 cts prior
    Pay May 15
    Record May 15
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15194>
Dutch brewer Heineken NV said it hoped
to maintain for a number of years a similar earnings growth to
the 7.5 pct increase in net profit achieved in 1986, despite
continuing investments in a reorganization program and efforts
to extend world penetration.
    Heineken last month reported a 1986 net profit of 285 mln
guilders, after 265 mln in 1985.
    Chairman Freddie Heineken said the company, Europe's
leading beer producer with six pct of market share in 1986,
said sales increased by 6.3 pct to 42.1 mln hectoliters.
    The volume increase was due mainly to a rise in the U.S.,
Where the brand Amstel Lite saw great demand, and in Europe,
where sales accounted for 25.5 pct of the total.
    Turnover, despite losses in guilder terms due to weaker
foreign currencies, rose by 4.4 pct, to 6.7 billion guilders.
    Further consolidation of foreign companies, including the
increase of its stake in leading Spanish brewery &lt;El Aguila
S.A.> to 51.2 pct, new ventures and modernization, particularly
in French and Spanish interests, eroded profit margins. The
company still planned to invest 700 mln guilders this year in
restructuring and marketing, Heineken said.
    Heineken's Spanish activities should start yielding profit
next year, Heineken said, adding that its French operations had
already turned to profit after vast rationalization last year.
    Vice Chairman Gerard van Schaik said the decision by the
European Court of Justice in Luxembourg to allow foreign beer
into the closed West German market -- Europe's biggest beer
market -- offered interesting possibilities for Heineken. "We
have the beer, but distribution and sales is the important
point," van Schaik said, adding that since the ruling Heineken
had been inundated by German traders seeking joint ventures.
    "The question is not if we want to penetrate the German
market, but how we are to do it," van Schaik said, adding that
while the widely traveled Germans seemed to be developing a
taste for foreign beer, the internal structure was very
regionalized.
     Heineken board member Hans Coebergh, responsible for
African operations, said he saw Africa as one of the most
important beer growth markets in the long term.
     He said the company, present in Africa since 1932 and with
majority stakes in six breweries and interests in 25, was
hampered by the lack of hard currencies there.
    Africa, where beer consumption averages only nine liters
per head per year and sales are limited by import restrictions
and currency risks, nonetheless accounted for 6.5 pct of total
1986 sales.
    On-site production is rendered expensive by the high price
of imports of essential ingredients. But Heineken scientists
have been looking at other possibilities.
    To balance the costs of imported malt, Heinken launched on
the Nigerian market a new beer made of 50 pct sorghum, which
had sold successfully, Coebergh said.
    Heineken is urging farmers to grow the traditional raw
materials, but Coebergh noted that banana and palm beer were
popular in Rwanda . "This is a possibility, but we could not
possibly achieve the Heineken flavor," Coebergh said.
    Chairman Heineken said the company's seven year efforts to
penetrate the Soviet market had finally resulted this week in a
contract that relaxed some of the restrictions they faced.
    But again, a lack of hard currencies limited Heineken's
market potential. Heineken now has seven bars in Moscow that
are enjoying good sales, but the bars only accept western
money.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15197>
Qtly div 13-1/2 cts vs 12-1/2 cts prior qtr
    Pay 12 June
    Record 21 May
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15205>
Oper shr 25 cts vs six cts
    Oper net 840,000 vs 139,000
    Revs 8,290,000 vs 4,743,000
    Avg shrs 3,335,029 vs 2,400,000
    Year
    Oper shr 97 cts vs 53 cts
    Oper net 2,546,000 vs 1,275,000
    Revs 28.8 mln vs 18.5 mln
    Avg shrs 2,635,665 vs 2,400,000
    NOTE: Net excludes investment gain four cts shr vs loss six
cts in quarter and gain five cts vs loss six cts in year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15207>
Shr 39 cts vs not given
    Net 707,000 vs 505,000
    NOTE: Company went public in July 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15208>
Qtly div 12-1/2 cts vs 12-1/2 cts prior qtr
    Pay 20 May
    Record 20 April
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15211>
Shr 62 cts vs 58 cts
    Qtly div 13-1/2 cts vs 13-1/2 cts prior
    Net 38.8 mln vs 35.7 mln
    Revs 1.18 billion vs one billion
    Six mths
    Shr 84 cts vs 86 cts
    Net 52 mln vs 52.9 mln
    Revs 2.14 billion vs 1.82 billion
    NOTE: Results include charge of four cts shr for latest six
mths vs credit of five cts shr for prior six mths from
investment tax credit
     Dividend payable June 12, record May 21
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15213>
Medtronic Inc said it sees 15 pct
growth in sales and earnings for the year ending April 30,
1988.
    At an analysts meeting here the company said that for the
year ending April 30, 1987 it will earn about 73 mln dlrs, or
about 5.15-5.35 dlrs a share on sales of about 500 mln dlrs.
    In the year ago period, the company earned 53.4 mln dlrs,
or 3.65 dlrs a share, on sales of 402.8 mln dlrs.
    Winston Wallin, Medtronic chairman, said the company will
improve market share in fiscal 1988 in cardiac pacemakers and
expand its cardiovascular therapeutic product line.
    Wallin cautioned analysts not to quickly change their per
share estimates for the company as he said Medtronic will have
heavy sales and marketing expenses in fiscal 1988.
    He said the company intends to reinvest its earnings in its
businesses and not in its dividends. "Shareholders are better
off if we grow the business rather than reinvest in dividends
or share repurchases," he said.
    Wallin said he sees Medtronic's share of the total
worldwide pacemaker market increasing to 42 pct in fiscal 1988,
from 40 pct in fiscal 1987.
    He said the worldwide market for cardiovascualr therapeutic
products, which includes pacemakers, valves, catheters and
lasers, will be valued at about 2.5 billion dlrs 1990 and will
double that by 1995.
    Wallin said, "Our objective is to get a hold of new
products and start building market share if we have to beg,
borrow or steal to get into new markets."
    In the past, Medtronic's pacemakers have been plagued with
a number of problems leading to product recalls. Regulators
also have criticized the industry, citing quality problems and
a needless overprescription of pacemakers.
    "We have no knowledge of any major problems in our
pacemakers or leads," Wallin said. "We intend to re-establish
our company as the quality leader in the industry."
    Glen Nelson, executive vice president for Medtronics, said
the company intends to diversify internally and through
acquisitions of companies in areas of Medtronic's expertise,
such as drug delivery systems.
    Wallin said the 15 pct earnings growth for fiscal 1988 does
not include dilutions from acquisitions. "We hope to have some
safety provisions so that we won't have any major dilutions
from an acquisition."
    Wallin also said the company will have virtual exclusivity
in rate responsive pacemakers for all of fiscal 1988.
    The company markets Activitrax, the first single chamber
pacemaker that varies heartrate in response to physical
activity.
    Siemens AG, a West German company, is also developing a
rate responsive pacemaker.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15221>
Shr 54 cts vs 24 cts
    Net 633,300 vs 300,859
    Sales 15.2 mln vs 13.0 mln
    Avg shrs 1,165,047 vs 1,224,982
    Year
    Shr two dlrs vs 1.64 dlrs
    Net 2,379,400 vs 2,011,924
    Sales 58.6 mln vs 54.0 mln
    Avg shrs 1,187,828 vs 1,223,511
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15226>
Showboat Inc will take a
charge of 19 to 20 mln dlrs pretax against results for the
third quarter ended March 31, director and assistant to the
president J. Kell Houssels III told Reuters.
    He said the charge results from pre-operating expenses of
its recently-opened Atlantic City, N.J., Showboat Hotel, Casino
and Bowling Center and will cause a loss for the third quarter
and probably for all of fiscal 1987 as well.
    But Houssels said Showboat's earnings for fiscal 1988
should show a sharp increase from fiscal 1986 levels due to the
contribution of the new Atlantic City facility.
    Showboat earned 1,753,000 dlrs in last year's third
quarter.  For all of fiscal 1986 it earned 5,769,000 dlrs.
    Houssels said Showboat since the opening of the Atlantic
City hotel/casino, Showboat has had to start charging interest
expenses connected with debt it sold to finance the facility
directly against income rather than capitalizing the interest
as it had been able to do previously.
    Showboat opened the hotel during its third quarter and
gaming began last Thursday on a regular basis after test gaming
was completed earlier in the week.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15227>
Security Pacific Corp said it is
placing medium and long-term loans to Brazil and Ecuador on a
non-accrual basis as of March 31, a move that will reduce first
quarter earnings by 7.2 mln dlrs, or nine cts per share, after
taxes.
    Despite the anticipated reduction to quarterly earnings,
Security Pacific said it still expects to report first quarter
earnings higher than the 88 mln dlrs, or 1.11 dlrs per share
reported for the first quarter of 1986.
    The bank holding company said the action affects 401 mln
dlrs of loans to Brazil and 73 mln of loans to Ecuador.
    Brazil suspended interest payments on its 68 billion dlrs
of medium- and long-term debt on February 20.
    Ecuador, which has foreign debt of roughly eight billion
dlrs, has not paid any interest to foreign banks since
February.
    In March Ecuador said it would suspend interest payments
for the rest of the year because of an earthquake which halted
the export of oil, which accounts for about 75 pct the
country's export revenues.
    In its announcement, Security Pacific said it will record
interest income only as it is received in cash.
    The company also said it believes that Brazil will reach an
agreement with its banks and that interest payments will resume
later in 1987.
    The Brazilian negotiations resume on Friday in New York
when Central Bank Governor Francisco Gros is expected to ask
banks for a 90-day roll-over of some 9.5 billion dlrs of term
debt that matures on April 15.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15233>
Shr 15 cts vs nine cts
    Qtly div six cts vs six cts in prior qtr
    Net 2,002,261 vs 1,168,638
    Revs 29.2 mln vs 29.3 mln
    Avg shrs 13.1 mln vs 13.0 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 49 cts vs 36 cts
    Net 6,404,536 vs 4,623,295
    Revs 92.2 mln vs 88.2 mln
    Avg shrs 13.1 mln vs 13.0 mln
    NOTE: Dividend is payable April 30 to holders of record
April 20
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15238>
Union Texas Petroleum said its worldwide
proved reserves fell to 511 mln barrels of oil equivalent at
the end of 1986 from 555 mln barrels reported in 1985.
    In its newly released annual report, Union Texas said it
replaced about 71 pct of its production of 56 mln barrels of
oil equivalent last year after taking into account the sale of
27 mln barrels of U.S. reserves.
    Union Texas, the nation's largest independent oil and gas
producer based on revenues, is a privately-held company owned
by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts and Co and Allied-Signal Inc &lt;ALD>.
    The Houston-based company said it lost 57.5 mln dlrs on
1.26 billion dlrs in sales last year, compared to profits of
165 mln dlrs on 2.04 billion dlrs in sales in 1985.
    Union Texas said it received an average of 13.35 dlrs per
barrel for its international oil production and 2.99 dlrs per
mcf for its foreign natural gas sales. The majority of the
company's total energy production is in the United Kingdom,
Indonesia and Pakistan.
    In the United States, Union Texas said it completed
evaluation work on its oil find in Alaska's Colville Delta
area.
    "Although significant oil reserves were confirmed,
development of this discovery will not be economical without
substantially higher prices," the company said.
    Union Texas said it planned to spend about 42 mln dlrs over
the next two years to develop its Eugene Island Block 371 in
the Gulf of Mexico.
    In 1987, the company said it budgeted 178 mln dlrs for
capital spending, less than half of the amount spent in 1985
and down from 199 mln dlrs budgeted last year. Union Texas also
said it would seek acquisitions of oil and gas properties as
well as petrochemical-related businesses.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15240>
Hartmarx Corp, following a year of
restructuring, continues to target record earnings for fiscal
1987, Chairman John Meinert told the annual meeting.
    Meinert reiterated an earlier comment that earnings for the
remainder of the year must double the 1986 level to meet that
goal. In fiscal 1986, ended November 30, 1986, Hartmarx
reported earnings of 24.8 mln dlrs, or 1.20 dlrs a share, down
from the prior year's 42.7 mln dlrs, or 2.25 dlrs a share.
    The 110-year-old apparel manufacturer recently posted
first-quarter earnings of 54 cts a share, up from 40 cts a year
ago.
    Meinert told shareholders Hartmarx has no plans to sell any
of its divisions. He added, "We have the financial capacity to
take advantage of acquisitions."
    In 1987, Meinert said the company will open five new and 10
redesigned Kuppenheimer direct-to-consumer stores in Atlanta,
Detroit, St. Louis, Washington, D.C. and San Francisco.
    He said the company's women's apparel continues to grow,
and Hartmarx has on the drawing board a Briar concept store
which will feature ties, shirts and some tailored clothing.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15247>
Shr 1.37 dlrs vs 1.18 dlrs
    Net 624 mln vs 537 mln
    Sales 8.32 billion vs 5.88 billion
    NOTE: Prior year does not include results of RCA Corp.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15250>
Energy Development Partners Ltd said
it had an operating loss for the year ended December 31 of 2.4
mln dlrs, or 40 cts per share.
    But it said a 41.5 mln dlr non-cash writeoff of oil and gas
properties taken in the first quarter resulted in a net loss of
43.9 mln dlrs, or 7.21 dlrs per share.
    Energy Development Partners, is a limited partnership which
began operating in September 1985.
    Full year revenues totaled 23.7 mln dlrs, the company also
said.
    It said proved reserves at December 31 totaled 4.8 mln
barrels of oil and 88 mln cubic feet of natural gas.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15258>
Qtly div 16-1/2 cts vs 16-1/2 cts
    Pay April 27
    Record April 20
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15259>
Shr loss five cts vs loss six cts
    Net loss 696,777 vs loss 598,095
    Sales 472,812 vs 41,454
    Nine mths
    Shr loss 15 cts vs loss 17 cts
    Net loss 2,194,482 vs loss 1,751,884
    Sales 800,336 vs 151,884
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15263>
General Electric Corp said its
first quarter results were significantly higher due to the
strong results of RCA, which was acquired last year.
    General Electric also attibuted continued strong
performances in plastics, major appliances and the Employers
Reinsurance Corp for its strong quarter.
    GE recorded net earnings for the first quarter 1987 of 624
mln dlrs, or 1.37 dls per shr, up 16 pct from 537 mln dlrs, or
1.18 dlrs per share for the same quarter a year ago.
    General Electric chairman John Welch Jr reiterated the
company's outlook for 1987 in which it expects double-digit GE
earnings growth for the year. He said the first quarter results
are in line with those expectations.
    General Electric cited the strong results in TV network and
station operations of the National Broadcasting Co, which was
not part of GE in the first quarter of 1986, as one reason for
its strong earnings.
    It also noted that aircraft engine operating profit was
much higher than a year ago, caused by a increase in shipments
than the 1986 quarter, which was impacted by a strike.
    Aerospace revenues were sharply higher in this year's first
quarter from a year ago, mainly because of the inclusion of
RCA's aerospace and defense business, the company said.
    In addition, consumer products revenues were up from last
year, mainly because of including sales of RCA video products.
    General Electric said restructuring provisions of 308 mln
dlrs before taxes to implement various strategic moves were
charged against operations in the first quarter of 1987. It
added that there was a one-time gain of 281 mlns dlrs after
taxes from an inventory accounting change.
    And technical products revenues and operating profit were
ahead of last year, led by a strong increases in medical
systems volume and the inclusion this year of RCA's
communications and related services.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15265>
Shr 1.08 dlrs vs 1.00 dlr
    Net 6,215,538 vs 5,757,013
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15270>
Xebec Corp said it expects to
report a loss for its second quarter ended April three, due
principally to a decline in sales to International Business
Machines Corp &lt;IBM>, the company's largest customer.
    Xebec also said it expects revenues to total about 23 mln
dlrs.
    The company reported a second quarter loss last year of 1.9
mln dlrs, or 14 cts per share, on 23.9 mln in revenues.
    Xebec said IBM has historically accounted for about 50 pct
of the company's revenues, but that total fell to 20 pct during
the quarter just ended.
    IBM had used Xebec's hard disk drive controller products in
the IBM PC/XT, a product which IBM is phasing out.
    Xebec said it intends to continue streamlining its
operations in light of the loss of business.
    The company also said it has already consolidated two of
its plants in Nevada and it now plans to sell unused and
surplus assets to provide additional liquidity.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15274>
Caterpillar Inc, in remarks
delivered at its annual meeting in San Francisco, reiterated
its expectation of a loss in the first quarter.
    It said results would be hurt by a 25 mln dlr one-time
charge by Caterpillar Mitsubishi, a 50-pct owned affiliate. The
company said it expected profit from operations for the full
year to improve over 1986.
    In remarks prepared for delivery to shareholders, President
Peter Donis said Caterpillar's targeted five pct cost reduction
in 1987 "will be difficult to achieve because the weaker dollar
has limited opportunities to obtain lower material costs."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15278>
&lt;Kiena Gold Mines Ltd> said shareholders
approved a previously reported proposed two-for-one common
stock split.
    Record date of the split will be April 21, Kiena said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15280>
Hanover Insurance Co said its
board declared a quarterly dividend of nine cts per share
payable May 15 to holders of record April 17.
    The dividend comes after a two-for-one stock split,
effective April 10, which was approved by shareholders today.
    The company paid a dividend of 14 cts per share on a
pre-split basis.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15283>
Qtly div 16.5 cts vs 16.5 cts
    Pay April 27
    Record April 20
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15292>
Vulcan Corp's first quarter operating
results will show a loss, Chairman Lloyd I. Miller told told
the annual meeting.
    The company reported a profit of 365,883 dlrs, 23 cts a
share, for the first quarter last year with one cent a share
coming from non-operating factors, a spokesman said.
    Miller attributed the expected loss to completion of the
purchase transfer and consolidation of operating assets of the
O'Sullivan Rubber Division, saying this was proving more costly
and taking more time than originally anticipated.
    Vulcan is working to resolve the problems, Miller told
shareholders, adding it appears it will take most of 1987 to
find solutions.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15295>
Shr loss 1.11 dlrs vs loss 1.53 dlrs
    Net loss 7.1 mln vs loss 8.8 mln
    Revs 3.1 mln vs eight mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15296>
Strata Corp said its 1986
earnings report contained a qualified opinion from its
independent auditors.
    Strata said it owed 1.4 mln dlrs in overdue interest to its
lender at the end of 1986, and the entire 10.9 mln dlr
principle has been classified as a liability.
    The company, which has an agreement to merge with &lt;Lomak
Petroleum Inc>, lost 7.1 mln dlrs in 1986 against a loss of 8.8
mln dlrs a year earlier.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15299>
Qtly div 23 cts vs 23 cts prior qtr
    Pay 10 June
    Record 20 May
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15300>
Qtly div 20 cts vs 20 cts in prior qtr
    Payable June 10
    Record May 22
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15307>
Oper shr loss 79 cts vs loss 2.32 dlrs
    Oper net loss 2,536,896 vs loss 6,562,472
    Revs 13.8 mln vs 14.5 mln
    Year
    Oper shr loss 59 cts vs loss 2.35 dlrs
    Oper net loss 1,712,896 vs loss 5,747,472
    Revs 43.6 mln vs 44.2 mln
    NOTE: 1986 excludes charge of 12 cts per share in the
fourth quarter and gain of 11 cts per share in the year.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15309>
Management Science America Inc,
clarifying statements made earlier today, said its loss for the
first quarter could exceed 20 cts a share because of
non-recurring expenses associated with the acquisition of
several companies, including Comserv Inc.
    Earlier today, the company told a meeting of investors here
that the first quarter loss would be 20 cts a share.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15312>
Intercare Inc said it
expects to report a substantial loss for its fourth quarter
ended January 31 because of a writeoff of expenses associated
with its recently terminated debt and equity offering.
    The company also said the write off includes expenses
associated with the acquisition of U.S. Medical Enterprises
Inc, and with the restructuring of certain partnerships.
    Intercare also said it increased its reserve against
accounts receivable.
    Executives at the company were not immediately available to
provide additional details.
    Intercare also said it has implemented a workforce
reduction, closed two medical centers and is considering
additional closings as a means of reducing a working capital
deficit.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15314>
United Technologies Corp said
the decision by an international consortium not to develop a
new engine would have no impact on 1987 or 1988 earnings.
    &lt;International Aero Engines>, IAE, 30 pct owned by United
Technologies' Pratt and Whitney division, has decided not to
launch a superfan version of its V2500 engine.
    "We've told analysts that IAE's decision not to launch a
full development program of the IAE superfan for certification
in 1991 will have no short term impact on earnings," a United
Technologies spokesman told Reuters.
    Short term refers to 1987 and 1988, the spokesman said. He
declined to elaborate.
    IAE's other owners are Rolls Royce PLC, &lt;Japanese Aero
Engines Corp>, Fiat SPA and &lt;MTU> of West Germany.
    Analysts are estimating United Technologies will earn 3.75
dlrs to 4.50 dlrs a share in 1987. It reported earnings of 36
cts a share in 1986, which included two large writeoffs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15315>
Shr profit 72 cts vs profit 14 cts
    Net profit 3,309,000 vs profit 609,000
    Revs 72 mln vs 65 mln
    Year
    Shr nil vs loss 4.13 dlrs
    Net profit 1,000 vs loss 19 mln
    Revs 249 mln vs 269 mln
    NOTE: Full name Stewart and Stevenson Services Inc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15321>
Shr 98 cts vs 63 cts
    Net 2,602,000 vs 1,571,000
    Loans 834.8 mln vs 729.0 mln
    Deposits 1.04 billion vs 942.1 mln
    Assets 1.15 billion vs 1.02 billion
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15324>
Following the lead of other major
banks, Southeast Banking Corp told the Securities and Exchange
Commission it would place 54.2 mln dlrs of medium- and
long-term Brazilian debt on non-accrual or cash status.
    Based on current interest rates, it estimated in a filing
that the move will reduce net income by about 800,000 dlrs in
the first quarter and 3.2 mln dlrs for all of 1987. The company
also said it did not believe the Brazilian debt situation would
have a "material adverse" effect on it.
    It also said it would issue 1,080,000 common shares in
connection with its acquisition of Popular Bancshares Corp.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15325>
Williams Cos said it expected oil and
fertilizer transportation volumes to be flat in 1987 but said
operating profits from the pipeline unit should improve from
49.4 mln dlrs earned last year when a seven mln dlr special
charge was incurred.
    Williams Pipeline Co took the charge against earnings in
1986 for the removal of more than 500 miles of old pipeline
from service and for casualty losses. Companywide, Williams had
a net loss of 134 mln dlrs on total revenues of 1.85 billion
dlrs, a decline from profits of 32 mln dlrs on sales of 2.46
billion in 1985.
    In its annual report, Williams said its Northwest Pipeline
Corp and Williams Natural Gas Co had natural gas costs that are
among the lowest in the nation, averaging 2.04 dlrs and 2.07
dlrs per mcf, respectively, last year. Total natural gas
reserves for both units declined to 10,010 billion cubic feet
in 1986 from 11,334 billion cubic feet the previous year.
    The company said its Williams Natural Gas unit, which has
less take-or-pay exposure than most major pipelines, should
show improvement in its 1987 operating results because of
changes tariff and federal tax rates.
    The company's gas marketing business is expected to have
somewhat lower earnings in 1987 because of competition in its
operating region, the annual report said. The gas marketing
unit earned 26.0 mln dlrs on sales of 285.6 mln dlrs last year.
    Williams also said it expected a substantial decline in its
debt to equity ratio this year because of more than 250 mln
dlrs received in cash from the sale of Agrico Chemical Co and
proceeds from the sale and leaseback of Williams
Telecommunications Co. The telecommunications business, a
2,000-mile fiber optic system for long distance use, will not
be profitable until late 1988, Williams said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15326>
Shr 38 cts vs 25 cts
    Net 28,339,000 vs 18,650,000
    Sales 2.27 billion vs 1.97 billion
    Avg shrs 74,485,000 vs 74,270,000
    Year
    Shr 1.20 dlrs vs 1.23 dlrs
    Net 89,301,000 vs 91,247,000
    Sales 9.07 billion vs 7.91 billion
    Avg shrs 74,387,000 vs 74,184,000
    NOTE: 1986 period ended February 22, 1986
    1986 earnings include net loss of unconsolidated subsidiary
of 162,000 dlrs in the quarter and 702,000 dlrs for the year
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15327>
Shr loss 70 cts vs loss 57 cts
    Net loss 20,616,000 vs loss 16,854,000
    Revs 23.1 mln vs 60.1 mln
    Six mths
    Shr loss 1.38 dlrs vs loss 1.02 dlrs
    Net loss 40,780,000 vs loss 29,996,000
    Revs 61.0 mln vs 114.9 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15336>
Shr 51 cts vs 56 cts
    Net 5,645,000 vs 6,153,000
    Revs 45.9 mln vs 45.3 mln            
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15345>
Hawkeye Bancorp's 1986 annual
financial results were qualified by its auditors, according to
the annual report.
    "...there are conditions which may indicate that the
company will be unable to continue as a going concern,"
auditors Deloitte Haskins and Sells said in Hawkeye's annual
report to shareholders.
    Hawkeye reported a 1986 loss of almost 59 mln dlrs, citing
an increase in its loan loss provision to 34.7 mln dlrs and
restructuring costs of 27 mln dlrs.
    However, Hawkeye, with assets of 1.09 billion dlrs at 1986
year end, said it expects "to have sufficient cash to meet its
obligations for the next 12-month period."
    Last July the bank holding company reached a debt
restructuring agreement which identifed 17 bank subsidiaries
and five non-bank operations for disposition.
    "The restructuring has improved Hawkeye's financial
condition, but it does not assure that Hawkeye will be able to
survive as a going concern," the report said.
    Hawkeye's survival will depend on its ability to comply
with provisions of the debt restructuring and regulatory
agreements and on its ability to return to profitable
operations, it said.
    There can be no assurance that Hawkeye will be able to meet
these requirements. However, the company "believes it will be
able to do so," Hawkeye said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15348>
Shr 33 cts vs 37 cts
    Net 2,051,000 vs 1.8 mln
    Assets 1.7 billion vs 1.5 billion
    Deposits 1.4 billion vs 1.2 billion
    Loans 1.1 billion vs 900 mln
    Note: Year-ago results restated to reflect merger with
Colson Inc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15354>
4th qtr ended Jan 31.
    Shr profit 72 cts vs profit 14 cts
    Net profit 3,309,000 vs 609,000
    Revs 72 mln vs 65 mln
    Year
    Shr profit nil vs loss 4.13 dlrs
    Net profit 1,000 vs loss 19 mln
    Revs 245 mln vs 269.1 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15356>
Shr 98 cts vs 63 cts
    Net 2,602,000 vs 1,571,000
    Assets 1.15 billion vs 1.02 billion
    Deposits 1.04 billion vs 942.1 mln
    Loans 834.8 mln vs 729.0 mln
    Return on avg assets 0.92 pct vs 0.63 pct
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15359>
Shr 32 cts vs 34 cts
    Net 902,178 vs 662,647
    Deposits 174.7 mln vs 134.4 mln
    NOTE: Per share amounts adjusted to reflect 10-for-one
stock split effective Sept 16, 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15380>
Year to December 31, 1986
    SHR 78.91p vs 83.05p
    DIV 16.5p making 23.5p vs 22p
    PRETAX PROFIT 601.7 mln stg vs 614.4 mln
    NET ATTRIBUTABLE PROFIT 245 mln stg vs 257 mln
    TURNOVER 3.34 billion stg vs 3.09 billion
    Note - Accounts have been restated
    Full name of company is Rio Tinto-Zinc Corp Plc &lt;RTZL.L>
    Group operating profit 529.4 mln stg vs 470.7 mln
    Operating costs 2.81 billion stg 2.63 billion
    Share of profit less losses of related companies 104.4 mln
stg vs 165.0 mln
    Interest receivable/other income 41.5 mln stg vs 47.4 mln
    Interest payable 73.6 mln stg vs 68.7 mln
    Tax 274.8 mln stg vs 277.1 mln
    Leaving 326.9 mln stg vs 337.3 mln
    RTZ' investment in Australian associate CRA has been equity
accounted for 1986 and 1985 figures restated on the same basis
after the reduction of RTZ's interest to 49 pct in October
1986.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15387>
Year 1986
    Shr 33.54p vs 34.2p.
    Final div 9.5p, making 14p vs 12.75p.
    Pre-tax profit 105.9 mln stg vs 79.6 mln.
    Net profit before minorities 56 mln vs 52.1 mln.
    Turnover net of duties 1.32 billion stg vs 1.46 billion.
    Minorities 800,000 stg vs same.
    Extraordinary debit 20.4 mln vs 28.2 mln.
    NOTE: Company's full name is The Burmah Oil Co Plc &lt;BURM.L>
REUTER^M
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15389>
Rio Tinto-Zinc Corp Plc &lt;RTZL.L>, RTZ,
said the predicted rise in industrial production in the U.S.
And Europe should boost its 1987 performance.
    Consumption of some base metals and their dlr prices are
showing signs of improvement, although iron ore markets have
weakened. The oil price in U.S. Dlrs is above the 1986 average,
and if sustained, should improve energy earnings.
    The company was commenting in a statement on its 1986
results which, on a restated basis, showed net attributable
profits lower at 245 mln stg after 257 mln the previous year.
Pretax profits also dipped to 601.7 mln stg after 614.4 mln.
    RTZ said the excellent performance of its expanding range
of industrial businesses in 1986 was offset by the collapse in
oil prices.
    Industrial businesses contributed 202 mln stg to net
profit, a 40 pct increase from 144 mln in 1985, and 60 pct of
the total. Trading performance improved at wholly-owned
subsidiaries RTZ Borax Ltd, RTZ Cement Ltd, RTZ Chemicals Ltd
and RTZ Pillar Ltd. First time contributions from recent
investment and acquisitions mainly in speciality chemicals and
minerals also aided performance.
    Metals activities contributed 83 mln stg to net profit.

















</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15391>
Group shr 35.99 yen vs 38.28
    Net 21.01 billion vs 21.08 billion
    Current 47.73 billion vs 48.06 billion
    Operating 55.04 billion vs 54.99 billion
    Sales 792.71 billion vs 864.28 billion
    NOTE - Company forecast for current year is group shr 37.70
yen, net 22 billion, current 52 billion and sales 800 billion.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15396>
The current year has opened well, with
trading prospects remaining favourable, Burmah Oil Co Plc
&lt;BURM.L> said in a statement with its 1986 results.
    The company plans to maintain a steady rate of investment
in its marketing operations and to obtain improved profit
margins on its liquified natural gas, LNG, project.
    Burmah has the financial capacity to continue making
acquisitions within its business sectors, it added. The
rationalisation programme, including sale of the Bahamas oil
terminal and all peripheral activities, is now complete.
    Pre-tax profit for 1986 rose to 105.9 mln stg from 79.6
mln.
REUTER^M
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15397>
Year 1986
    Consolidated net profit 67 mln Swiss francs vs 42 mln.
    Dividend 100 francs per registered share vs 80 francs and
10 francs per participation certificate vs eight.
    Consolidated turnover 4.55 billion francs vs 4.54 billion.
    Parent company net profit 38.2 mln francs vs 26.4 mln.
    Parent company turnover 2.20 billion francs vs 2.29
billion.
    Note - Company's full name is Gebrueder Sulzer AG &lt;SULZ.Z>
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15406>
Year 1986
    Net profit 635.5 mln guilders vs 603.4 mln.
    Revenues 17.35 billion guilders vs 17.27 billion.
    Net profit per nominal 2.50 guilder share 5.79 guilders vs
5.67, corrected for capital increase. (1985 uncorrected figure
5.73).
    Dividend 2.50 guilders vs 2.38, corrected. (2.40
uncorrected.)
    Note - Full name is Nationale Nederlanden NV &lt;NTNN.AS>
REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15413>
The Philippine Long Distance Telephone Co
&lt;PLDT.MN> is planning a two-for-one stock split and a 20 pct
stock dividend later this year to reduce excess market
buoyancy, Vice-President Sennen Lazo told Reuters.
    Lazo said the stock split would reduce the par value of the
company's common stock from 10 to five pesos.
    He said the stock split would apply to holders of about 18
mln common shares of stock on the record date of September 15
1987. "The exercise should make our stock more marketable," Lazo
said. "Now it is beyond the reach of many small investors."
    PLDT common stock surged from a low of 37 pesos in February
1986 to 367.50 at close of trading yesterday on the Manila
Stock Exchange.
    Lazo said the 20 pct stock dividend, payable on October 15,
would also apply to stockholders on record as of September 15.
    PLDT reported 1986 net income of 1.89 billion pesos, up 68
pct from 778.9 mln pesos in 1985, on operating revenues of six
billion pesos, up from 4.7 billion pesos in 1985.
    At end December 1986 the company had 417,100 stockholders.
    A PLDT spokesman said the company's profits are likely to
be substantial since the government raised its franchise tax to
three pct from two and to impose a 35 pct corporate income tax
from which it was previously exempt.
    The government has not so far ordered the implementation of
the tax decision.
    PLDT is the largest of 58 telephone companies in the
Philippines. On December 31 1986 the company had 856,014
telephones in operation, representing 94 pct of all instruments
in the country.
    In Manila item "Philippine Telephone firm plans stock split"
please read in page 3, first para, "the company's profits are
likely to be substantially cut" (inserting dropped word). This
replaces  "the company's profits are likely to be substantial"
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15417>
Credit Commercial de France &lt;CCFP.PA>
reported a parent company net profit up 34.8 pct to 140.1 mln
francs from 103.9 mln francs a few weeks before its
denationalisation around the end of this month.
    Official sources said the bank, France's sixth largest in
terms of its deposits and seventh in terms of its assets,

planned a share split to increase the number of shares on offer
ahead of the sale of 40 pct of its ordinary share capital to
the public, of 10 pct to staff and 20 pct abroad.
    Previously one of France's biggest private banks, it was
nationalised by the Socialists in 1982.
    The sources said it was too early to give details of the
planned split or of the share price, but cited April 27 as a
likely date for the flotation launch.
    So far 30 pct of the group's capital, currently at 10.33
mln shares of 100 francs nominal, has been offered for sale to
large private investors to constitute a solid core of eight to
ten shareholders before the flotation.
    The private tender offer closes on April 16, while a 12 mln
franc advertising campaign for the flotation begins on Sunday.
"The privatisation will be a way of attracting extra clients,"
CCF deputy director-general Rene de la Serre told Reuters.
    Market sources put the total value of CCF's privatisation
at between four and five billion francs.
    De la Serre said the bank was likely to attract at least
the same number of investors as &lt;Sogenal>, another recently
privatised bank in which 850,000 people bought shares.
    The government's sweeping privatisation programme has also
included the sale of Saint-Gobain &lt;SGEP.PA>, and Cie Financiere
de Paribas &lt;PARI.PA>. The sale of &lt;Banque du Batiment et des
Travaux Publics> and &lt;Banque Industrielle et Mobiliere Privee>
should be completed this month, while third largest French bank
Societe Generale &lt;SGEN.PA> will be privatised later this year.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15427>
Year to December 31, 1986.
    Shr 18.35p vs 14.95p
    Div 3.75p vs 2.9p making 4.75p vs 3.75p
    Pretax profit 66.5 mln stg vs 46.9 mln
    Tax 14.6 mln stg vs 4.5 mln
    Net profit 51.9 mln stg vs 42.4 mln
    Turnover 1.44 billion stg vs 1.58 billion
    Note - Full name of company is George Wimpey Plc &lt;WMPY.L>.
    Operating profit before exceptional items 88.9 mln stg vs
80.5 mln
    Exceptional debits 3.0 mln stg vs 11.6 mln
    Operating profit 85.9 mln stg vs 68.9 mln
    Share of profits less losses of associated companies 1.4
mln stg vs 2.4 mln loss
    Interest - net payable 20.8 mln stg vs 19.6 mln
    Attributable minority profits debits 0.2 mln stg vs 0.3 mln
    Extraordinary items debit 3.4 mln stg vs 4.3 mln credit
    Net borrowings 195.1 mln stg vs 193.5 mln
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15429>
Net profit 327.1 mln guilders vs
307.5.
    Total revenue 7.97 billion guilders vs 8.7 billion.
    Net profit per five guilder nominal share 9.33 guilder vs
9.25 (corrected for capital increase).
    Final dividend 1.30 guilders and 2.4 pct stock vs 1.30
guilders and 2.2 pct in stock. Interim dividend already paid
was 1.30 guilders.
    Note : full name of company is AEGON NV &lt;AEGN.AS>
    REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15438>
The Netherlands' largest insurer
Nationale Nederlanden NV &lt;NTTN.AS> (NatNed) said it expected at
least unchanged results in 1987 after reporting 1986 net
profits up 5.3 pct to 635.5 mln guilders from 603.4 mln in
1985,
    Revenues increased by 0.5 pct to 17.35 billion guilders
after 17.27 billion the previous year, and the dividend was
raised to 2.50 guilders per share from 2.38 guilders in 1985,
corrected on a capital increase.
    The company said guilder revenue and profit were pressured
by falls in exchange rates, particularly in the US and
Australian dollar and sterling.
    Without these currency fluctuations, net profit would have
been 30.7 mln guilders higher and revenue 1.97 billion higher,
NatNed said.
    The international share in turnover was 50 pct in 1986
compared with 52 pct in 1985.
    The company's life insurance result fell to 365.7 mln
guilders after 428.4 mln in 1985 due to currency influences,
tighter interest margins and increased investment.
    Claim payouts fell to 9.9 mln guilders after 66.6 mln the
previous year.
    The company's total assets reached 69.87 billion guilders
in 1986 against 67 billion the year before.
    Assets per share equalled 65.68 guilders against 65.53.
    Without these currency fluctuations, net profit would have
been 30.7 mln guilders higher and revenue 1.97 billion higher,
NatNed said.
    The international share in turnover was 50 pct in 1986
compared with 52 pct in 1985.
    The company's life insurance result fell to 365.7 mln
guilders aft
 INTERRUPTED
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15451>
Dutch insurer AEGON NV &lt;AEGN.AS>
reported a 6.4 pct increase in 1986 net profits to 327.1 mln
guilders and said it expected a moderate increase in profits
for 1987.
    Total revenue was eight pct lower in 1986 at 7.97 billion
guilders vs 8.7 billion guilders in 1985. The company said its
revenues were down due to lower foreign exchange rates and a
change in accounting practice. It added that revenues would
have risen by about seven pct had those changes not occurred.
    Revenue from Dutch operations rose five pct in 1986, mainly
due to its life insurance business.
    Health insurance revenues in the Netherlands also rose
despite a notable shift to insurances with lower premiums and
higher personal risks.
    Damage insurances made losses, mainly due to car damage
insurances. AEGON did not specify the loss.
    In the United States, revenue in guilders from health and
life insurance was lower. AEGON said this was due to a change
in accounting for U.S. Annuities.
    AEGON said annuities are subject to such strong personal
investment influences that it should be accounted differently
from the more traditional insurances.
    This change in accounting practice and another change to
account for profits made on fixed interest investments,
resulted in an incidental rise in net profits of 31 mln
guilders.
    AEGON said incidental negative influences on net profits
were slightly higher, being the lower dollar rate, high initial
costs for new products, and the cost of new headquarters in The
Hague.
    In 1986, a large number of new insurance products emerged
in the Netherlands and the U.S., AEGON said. Large initial
costs for these products have depressed net profits somewhat.
    Monumental Corp, a U.S. Insurer which merged with AEGON in
May 1986, saw its profits almost completely eroded by these
costs and made only a small contribution to the group's
profits.
    AEGON said it has written-off 657 mln guilders in goodwill
for Monumental Corp.
    AEGON's net equity was 2.71 billion guilders in December
1986, against 3.46 billion the year before.
  REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15457>
Qtly div five cts vs five cts prior
    Pay July One
    Record June 17
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15459>
Net profit 2,529,000 vs loss 1,066,000
    Revs 59.0 mln vs 52.6 mln
    Year
    Net profit 15.4 mln vs profit 865,000
    Revs 247.0 mln vs 231.1 mln
    NOTE: Company became wholly owned and operated by Donald
Trump in May 1986, when he acquired 50 pct interest that had
been owned by former operator Holiday Corp &lt;HIA>.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15476>
Shr 27 cts vs 24 cts
    Net 5,223,000 vs 4,682,000
    Avg shrs 19.7 mln vs 19.4 mln
    NOTE: Results reflected pooled acquisition of First
Community Bancshares Inc on March 31, 1987 and include Camden
Bancorp from January 31, 1987 purchase.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15477>
Shr profit five cts vs loss 16 cts
    Net profit 689,000 vs loss 1,910,000
    Revs 12.3 mln vs 9,432,000
    NOTE: 1987 net includes 276,000 dlr tax credit.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15478>
George Wimpey Plc &lt;WMPY.L> said  the
outlook for 1987 looked encouraging as the company realised the
continuing benefits of restructuring.
    It said its overall financial position showed further
improvement in 1986 and the reshaping of its U.K. Business into
clearly defined and activity related divisions had been
successfully achieved.
    Wimpey was commenting in a statement on its 1986 results
which showed pretax profits up 42 pct to 66.5 mln stg.
    The group had a good overall year in North America, the
company said in a statement.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15482>
Shr profit nil vs profit nil
    Net profit 27,622 vs profit 5,556
    Sales 1,031,306 vs 840,906
    Nine mths
    Shr loss one ct vs loss two cts
    Net loss 195,095 vs loss 445,379
    Sales 2,702,085 vs 2,219,961
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15489>
Shr 54 cts vs 49 cts
    Net 70.2 mln vs 64.0 mln
    NOTE: Share adjusted for two-for-one split in July 1986.
    Results restated for pooled acquisition of Third NAtional
Corp in December 1986.
    Net chargeoffs 15.0 mln dlrs vs 14.2 mln dlrs.
    Assets 25.8 billion dlrs, up 7.2 pct from a year earlier,
deposits 21.1 billion, up 9.4 pct, and loans 17.1 billion dlrs,
up 17.2 pct.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15494>
&lt;International Thomson Organisation Ltd>
said it will report financial results in U.S. funds rather than
sterling, beginning from Jan 1, 1987.
    It said the change will not be applied retroactively to
prior financial periods.
    The company said as a result of recent investments, most of
its assets now are located in the United States.
            
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15495>
Shr three cts vs 18 cts
    Net 220,000 vs 1,250,000
    Revs 11.8 mln vs 9,430,000
    Year
    Shr 45 cts vs 69 cts
    Net 3,400,000 vs 4,037,274
    Revs 45.1 mln vs 34.3 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15496>
Shr 52 cts vs 40 cts
    Qtly div 18 cts vs 15 cts prior
    Net 793,740 vs 603,661
    NOTE: Share adjusted for 10 pct stock dividend in November
1986.
    Dividend pay May One, record April 25.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15511>
Physio Technology Inc said it
expects to have a third quarter, ended March 31, loss of about
200,000 dlrs and is in default on its bank loan because of the
resignation of chairman and chief executive officer.
    The company said the loss followed four quarters of modest
profits. In the year ago quarter it earned 11,000 dlrs, or one
cent a share. For the first half of fiscal 1987, it reported a
profit of 42,000 dlrs, or two cts a share, compared to a year
earlier loss of 294,000 dlrs, or 17 cts a share.
    It said President Michael R. Hall will assume the duties of
chief executive officer.
    Physio Technology said the resignation of Chairman James C.
Lane can constitute non-compliance with its Series A
convertible subordinated debentures due 1996 and a default
under its agreement with the Merchants Bank of Kansas City.
    It explained a declaration of non-compliance under the
debentures would create a a default under the loan agreements
requiring immediate payment of 1.8 mln dlrs of debentures and
about 450,000 dlrs outstanding under the bank credit line.
    The company said the debenture holders intend to waive the
non-compliance, but reserve the right to withdraw the waiver at
the end of any 30 day period.
    Physio Technology said it is changing its field sales force
to independent representatives and dealers from employees to
"significantly reduce its fixed overhead."
    Its statement did not indicate how many employees would be
affected by the move.
    The company said Lane will become an independent dealter
for the company in certain midwestern states. He will continue
to serve as a director, it added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15515>
Qtr ends March 31
    Shr one dlr vs 76 cts
    Net 11.9 mln vs 8,929,000
    Six mths
    Shr 1.92 dlrs vs 1.43 dlrs
    Net 22.8 mln vs 16.8 mln
    NOTE: full name of bank is washington federal savings and
loan association.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15521>
Shr 63 cts vs 89 cts
    Net 3,425,216 vs 3,370,682
    Avg shrs 5,421,330 vs 3,803,425
    NOTE: net for both qtrs reflects gains on sales of
securities of 1,755,137, or 51 pct of net, in 1987; and
3,001,222, or 89 pct of net in 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15528>
Dividend on 1986 business 12 marks per share vs seven
marks.
    (Company is a subsidiary of Switzerland's BBC AG Brown
Boveri und Cie &lt;BBCZ.Z>).
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15547>
Dividend on 1986 business unchanged at 10 marks per
ordinary share. Company also set dividend of 11 marks for new
preference shares, which were issued last year.
    (Note: Company has said profit will match 1985 level,
despite provisions of 480 mln marks connected with alleged
currency fraud. Group net profit in 1985 was 596 mln marks,
parent company net was 477 mln marks. Company's full name is
Volkswagen AG &lt;VOWG.F>).
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15548>
Shr 66 cts vs 67 cts
    Net 48,700,000 vs 49,300,000
    Sales 961.0 mln vs 870.6 mln
    Avg shrs 74,123,837 vs 73,374,398
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15553>
Showboat Inc said its board declared a
two-for-one stock split, payable to shareholders of record on
May 15.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15558>
Shr 70 cts vs 42 cts
    Net 2,918,000 vs 1,746,000
    Sales 68.3 mln vs 53.5 mln
    NOTE: 1987 net includes pretax gain 400,000 dlrs from
change in pension accounting.
    1987 results include Production Graphics Corp and Systems
Technology and Weapons System Test Divisions of NEw Technology
Inc, acquired December 30, 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15559>
Shr 50 cts vs 47 cts
    Net 3,445,000 vs 3,193,000
    NOTE: Share adjusted for two-for-one stock split in January
1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15569>
Reichhold Chemical Inc said its
board adopted a warrant dividend plan in which one preferred
stock purchase right will be distributed as a dividend on each
common share outstanding.
    The company said its warrant dividend plan is designed to
protect its shareholders against unsolicted, coercive attempts
to aquire control without making an adequate offer for all
shares.
    Reichhold said the adoption is not a response to any
specific takeover attempt.
    Reichhold said each right will entitle shareholders to buy
one one-hundreth of a share of a newly created series of
preferred stock at an initial exercise price of 120 dlrs, with
dividend and voting rights approximately equal to those of one
share of the company's common stock.
    The rights will be exercisable only if, without Reichhold's
prior consent, a person or group a acquires 20 pct or more of
the voting power or announces a tender offer which would result
in 20 pct ownership, the company said.
    Reichhold said it is entitled to redeem the rights at five
cts apiece before a 20 pct position has been acquired, or
before an existing 20 pct shareholder buys an additional two
pct or more of the voting power of the company, or in
connection with certain transactions afterward.
    The tax-free distribution will become effective May 1,
1987, and will expire 10 years later, the company said.
    Details of the plan are outlined in a letter to be mailed
to stockholders.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15570>
Shr 62 cts vs 52 cts 
    Net 142.0 mln vs 123.0 mln
    Sales 1.00 billion vs 865.0 mln

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15581>
Losses for Volkswagen AG
&lt;VOWG.F>, VW, linked to an alleged foreign currency fraud will
not exceed the 480 mln marks provision already made, a VW
spokesman said.
    The spokesman was commenting after VW had confirmed it
would pay an unchanged 10 mark dividend for ordinary shares on
1986 business, despite the provision.
    One West German newspaper today quoted foreign currency
dealers in Frankfurt as speculating that the total losses from
the currency affair could be as high as 1.5 billion marks, but
the VW spokesman described 480 mln marks as an "upper limit."
    VW said in a statement following today's supervisory board
meeting that it had discussed the foreign currency scandal in
detail, and was setting up a new probe into its foreign
currency activities to be carried out by an unnamed auditing
company.
    VW has said computer programs were erased and documents
were faked in the alleged fraud in which it believes
transactions intended to protect it against possible foreign
currency losses were not completed.
    VW's former foreign currency chief Burkhard Junger was
arrested on Monday on suspicion of embezzlement and of having
evaded justice.
    Earlier VW had said that its 1986 results would match 1985
profits. VW's group net profit in 1985 was 596 mln marks and
parent company net was 477 mln marks. It also said it recommend
an unchanged dividend to the supervisory board. The company has
also set a dividend of 11 marks for new preference shares,
which were issued last year. Analysts have described the held
dividend as a move to reassure worried shareholders.
    VW increased nominal capital by 300 marks last year to 1.5
billion marks, with the result that its total dividend payment
on 1986 will be 306 mln marks compared with 240 mln on 1985,
since the new capital was in preference shares.
    The share analysts say VW will have to dig into reserves in
order to maintain the disclosed 1986 profit at 1985 levels. At
the end of 1985, VW had parent company reserves of slightly
less than three billion marks.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15585>
Alex. Brown Inc said it has declared a
three-for-two stock split, payable May 29, record May 22.
    The company also said it has filed to offer 912,000 common
shares, including 162,000 to be sold by a shareholder, with
company proceeds to be used for working capital and general
corporate purposes.  Its Alex. Brown and Sons Inc subsidiary is
lead underwriter.
    The offering is expected to be made before the record date
of the split, the company said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15590>
Period ended Jan 31
    Shr 38 cts vs 61 cts
    Net 7,012,000 vs 11,193,000
    Revs 223.0 mln vs 200.3 mln
    Year
    Shr 1.11 dlrs vs 1.36 dlrs
    Net 20,214,000 vs 23,602,000
    Revs 656.5 mln vs 520.5 mln
    Avg shrs 18,257,631 vs 17,376,480
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15593>
Texas American Energy Corp said
its board has decided to again omit the quarterly dividend on
its 2.575 dlr cumulative convertible exchangeable preferred
stock.
    The dividend would have been payable May One.  The company
last paid 64.3 cts a share on the issue in August 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15594>
Shr 1.64 dlrs vs 1.56 dlrs
    Net 4,583,000 vs 5,313,000
    Revs 20.1 mln vs 19 mln
    Avg shrs 2.8 mln vs 3.4 mln
    Year
    Shr 5.06 dlrs vs 5.92 dlrs
    Net 16 mln vs 20.3 mln
    Revs 74.6 mln vs 68 mln
    Avg shrs 3.2 mln vs 3.4 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15597>
Health and Rehabilitation
Properties Trust said it declared an intitial dividend of 55
cts per share for the period ending March 31, 1987
    The dividend will be payed May 20 to shareholders of record
on April 20, the company said.
    The company said it organized in late 1986 and closed its
intitial public offering of shares Dec 23, 1986.
    The initital dividend includes five cts attributable to the
period between Dec 23 and 31, 1986, and 50 cts attributable to
the first qtr of 1987, ending March 31, 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15598>
T. Rowe Price Associates said its
first quarter earnings rose about 50 pct from the year-ago
2,634,000 dlrs and revenues about 30 pct from the year-ago 24.2
mln dlrs.
    It said it expects "very good" earnings and revenue growth
this year.  In 1986 it earned 14.8 mln dlrs on revenues of
111.1 mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15601>
Shr 45 cts vs 43 cts
    Net 1,503,000 vs 938,000
    Avg shrs 3,358,664 vs 2,158,664
    NOTE: Company had its initial public offering of 1,200,000
shares in October, 1986
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15602>
National Computer Systems Inc
expects fiscal year earnings to improve by about 20 pct, the
company told analysts, although it said the April 30 first
quarter should show "down earnings and virtually flat
revenues."
    Chairman Charles Oswald said National Computer has taken
steps to improve margins. He said revenues are expected to
increase modestly because of the company's decision to downsize
its leasing business, nonrecurring revenueslast year from a
one-time Texas teacher assessment project and the impact of the
discontinuance of products last year.
    Oswald said National Computer's first quarter results will
be down as a result of a major financial systems sales last
year, a higher effective tax rate and the increased number of
shares outstanding.
    The company said the next three consecutive quarters should
demonstrate "excellent earnings growth."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15613>
Shr 46 cts vs 48 cts
    Net 1,196,331 vs 1,341,314
    Revs 5,153,109 vs 7,680,350
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15626>
Shr 1.01 dlrs vs 1.08 dlrs
    Net 21,983,000 vs 23,434,000
    Sales 174.9 mln vs 161.7 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15632>
Shr seven cts vs nine cts
    Net 168,000 vs 206,000
    Sales 15.3 mln vs 10.9 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 10 cts vs 38 cts
    Net 228,000 vs 649,000
    Sales 35.8 mln vs 32.5 mln
    Qtly div three cts vs three cts prior
    Pay April 30
    Record April 20
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15637>
Qtly div 75 cts vs 65 cts prior
    Pay June one
    Record May one
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15640>
Shr 20 cts vs 14 cts
    Net 2.4 mln vs 1.7 mln
    Revs 136.7 mln vs 174.4 mln
    Six Mths
    SDhr 72 cts vs 82 cts
    Net 8.6 mln vs 9.9 mln
    Revs 212.5 mln vs 268.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15641>
Abbott Laboratories Inc said
its 1987 first quarter record results reflected continued
productivity improvement, higher volume, better product mix and
a weaker U.S. dollar.
    Abbott reported 1987 first quarter earnings rose to a
record 142 mln dlrs or 62 cts a share on record sales of one
billion dlrs.
    Research and development expenses, most of which was
applied to diagnostic and pharmaceutical products, increased by
23 pct to 78 mln dlrs, it said.
    Sales of pharmaceutical and nutritional products were 548
mln dlrs in the first quarter, up 17.6 pct over a year ago,
Abbott said. Hospital and laboratory product sales in the first
quarter rose 14.1 pct to 456 mln dlrs, it said.
    First quarter sales in domestic markets advanced 11.5 pct
to 688 mln dlrs while international sales jumped 27.1 pct to
316 mln dlrs, Abbott said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15655>
Health and Rehabilitation
Properties Trust said its board declared an initial dividend of
55 cts, including 50 cts for the first quarter just ended and
five cts from its initial operating period that began December
23.
    The dividend is payable May 30, record April 20.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15667>
Shr 49 cts vs five cts
    Shr diluted 45 cts vs five cts
    Net 651,000 vs 95,000
    Revs not given
    1st half
    Shr 57 cts vs one ct
    Shr diluted 53 cts vs one ct
    Net 781,000 vs 56,000
    Revs not given
    NOTE: Current year net both periods includes gain 873,000
dlrs from repurchase of securities.
    Results exclude Business Forms Division, which is to be
sold.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15668>
Shr nil vs nil
    Net 18,534 vcs 27,431
    Revs 270,032 vs 188,326
    Avg shrs 6,598,871 vs 6,090,576
    Year
    Shr nil vs nil
    Net 47,299 vs 21,570
    Revs 1,004,392 vs 677,909
    Avg shrs 6,618,063 vs 5,931,324
    NOTE: Share adjusted for one-for-11 reverse split.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15669>
Shr 17 cts vs 10 cts
    Net 408,000 vs 237,000
    Revs 8,863,000 vs 6,738,000
    1st half
    Shr 27 cts vs 15 cts
    Net 647,000 vs 356,000
    Revs 17.2 mln vs 12.5 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15674>
National Distillers and Chemical Corp
expects to realize a second quarter after-tax gain of four dlrs
per share from the 545 mln dlr sale of its spirits business to
American Brands Inc &lt;AMB>.
    National Distillers' stock rose 1-1/8 to 65-1/2, after an
opening delay on the New York Stock exchange for an imbalance
of orders.
    "I think the sales price was higher than most people
expected," said John Henry of E.F. Hutton Group.
    A company spokeswoman said the four dlr per share gain will
be included in second quarter net, which compares with 31 cts
per share last year, including the spirits and wine business
    "They netted over 700 mln dlrs for spirits and wine. That
will ease their interest cost burden," said Henry.
    National Distillers sold its wine business last month to
Grand Metropolitan PLC's Heublein Inc for 128 mln dlrs.
    Henry said he had anticipated National Distillers would net
only 600 mln dlrs at the most from the sale of the two liquor
businesses.
    Henry said the company recovered from the sales the cost of
buying Enron Chemicals in the fourth quarter last year.
National Distillers paid 570 mln dlrs cash for Enron and
assumed 34 mln dlrs in debt. National Distillers said at the
time it bought Enron it would sell the spirits and wine
businesses, moving more into the chemical area.
    For 1986, two thirds of income were from chemicals and
propane. National Distillers earned, excluding the liquor
businesses, 2.21 dlrs per share for 1986. Income from
discontinued operations, including the liquor businesses, was
67 cts per share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15679>
Shr loss eight cts vs loss nine cts
    Net loss 311,255 vs loss 157,941
    Revs 546,069 vs 284,636
    Avg shrs 3,790,235 vs 1,819,680
    Year
    Shr loss 27 cts vs loss 24 cts
    Net loss 858,624 vs loss 399,385
    Revs 1,491,518 vs 1,407,441
    Avg shrs 3,175,157 vs 1,692,700
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15680>
Shr primary 99ct vs 82 cxts
    Shr diluted 93 cts vs 78 cts
    Net 7,784,000 vs 6,357,000
    Assets 3.25 billion vs 2.74 billion
    Deposits 2.58 billion vs 2.24 billion
    Loans 2.20 billion vs 1.81 billion
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15688>
Qtly div 10 cts vs eight cts prior
    Pay June Four
    Record May 14
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15691>
RJR Nabisco Inc said its
1987 first quarter results will include an after-tax gain of
208 mln dlrs from the sale of Heublein Inc and offsetting
charges.
    The company said its operations are performing well and in
line with expectations.
    RJR Nabisco said the charges reflect reserves it
established to cover certain expenses.
    RJR Nabisco said the expenses covered, on after-tax basis,
include --
    -- 50 mln dlrs for the write-down of redundant equipment
and facilities resulting from modernization of its U.S. tobacco
operations,
    -- 79 mln dlrs for continuing restruction of its food
subsidiaries, and
    -- 80 mln dlrs in connection with the early retirement of
high coupon debt.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15692>
Oper shr 1.08 dlrs vs 96 cts
    Oper shr diluted 1.02 dlrs vs 89 cts
    Oper net 16.1 mln vs 12.8 mln
    Avg shrs 14.9 mln vs 13.4 mln
    Avg shrs 16.1 mln vs 14.8 mln
    NOTE: 1987 net excludes gain 4,820,000 dlrs from cumulative
effect of change in calculating depreciation expense.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15695>
Shr 95 cts vs 71 cts
    Net 42.4 mln vs 34.5 mln
    Assets 18.61 billion vs 15.66 billion
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15702>
Qtly div 43 cts vs 38 cts prior
    Pay May 15
    Record April 30  
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15703>
Monsanto Corp's G.D. Searle and Co unit
said it will report an operating loss for 1987, mainly due to
expenses for research and development.
    Searle chairman Sheldon Gilgore said Searle's operating
loss in 1987 will be less than the 87 mln dlr operating loss in
1986.
    He said Searle's first quarter sales will be up 21.8 pct to
179 mln dlrs from 147 mln dlrs in the year ago quarter. In 1986
Searle's sales were 665 mln dlrs.
    Gilgore said the company intends to have sales of three
billion dlrs by the mid-1990s.
    He said the company anticipates approval in Japan, the
U.S., Italy, Spain and the U.K. for its ulcer treatment drug
Cytotech.
    He also said that in a paper not yet published the drug was
shown to prevent a flare-up of ulcers for a longer period of
time than Tagamet, made by SmithKline Beckman Corp &lt;SKB>.
    Other drugs in Searle's pipeline include tissue plasminogen
activator (TPA), made by a different process than Genentech's
&lt;GENE> TPA, expected to be approved for marketing this year.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15704>
Oper shr six cts vs one ct
    Oper net 194,109 vs 28,751
    Revs 2,731,688 vs 347,134
    Avg shrs 3,360,527 vs 2,295,359
    Nine mths
    Oper shr 11 cts vs five cts
    Oper net 356,571 vs 111,545
    Revs 5,923,907 vs 1,491,852
    Avg shrs 3,296,982 vs 2,289,762
    NOTE: Share adjusted for 10 pct stock dividend in December
1986. Prior year net excludes tax credits of 5,775 dlrs in
quarter and 17,325 dlrs in nine mths.
    Net excludes discontinued amusement game operations gains
144,095 dlrs vs 70,194 dlrs in quarter and loss 2,952,814 dlrs
vs gain 196,872 dlrs in nine mths.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15707>
Qtly div 20 cts vs 20 cts prior qtr
    Pay 6 May
    Record 21 April
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15708>
Qtly div 35 cts vs 35 cts prior
    Pay May 14
    Record April 30
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15709>
Qtly div 24 cts vs 21-1/2 cts prior
    Pay May 15
    Record April 24
    NOTE: Northwestern National Life Insurance Co.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15715>
Shr 3.33 dlrs vs 3.39 dlrs
    Net 37,069,000 vs 36,902,000
    Avg shrs 10.95 mln vs 10.05 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15719>
Shr 69 cts vs 67 cts
    Net 2,488,000 vs 2,435,000
    Revs 27.6 mln vs 26.5 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15723>
Shr 87 cts vs 73 cts
    Net 14.7 mln vs 11.7 mln
    Assets 8.38 billion vs 7.43 billion
    Loans 3.91 billion vs 3.40 billion
    Deposits 5.60 billion vs 5.08 billion
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15729>
Shr 51 cts vs not given
    Net 6,089,000 vs 7,310,000
    NOTE: Company went public in November 1986.
    Net includes loan loss provisions of 75,000 dlrs vs 30,000
dlrs and gains on sale of securities of 756,000 dlrs vs
2,468,000 dlrs pretax.
    1986 net includes tax credit 1,022,000 dlrs.
    1987 net includes 2,400,000 dlr gain from tax credit
resulting in reduction of goodwill.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15732>
Shr 70 cts vs 67 cts
    Net 6,416,000 vs 6,057,000
    NOTE: Net includes pretax securities sales gains of
5,900,000 dlrs vs 5,900,000 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15733>
Shr loss five cts vs profit 10 cts
    Net loss 381,391 vs profit 736,974
    Revs 6,161,391 vs 9,241,882
    NOTE: Canadian dollars.
    Proved oil reserves at year-end 3.3 mln barrels, up 39 pct
from a year earlier, and natural gas reserves 4.7 billion cubic
feet, off nine pct.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15736>
Southmark Corp said it will issue its
shareholders a special dividend right to acquire 22 shares of
American Realty Trust &lt;ARB> for each 100 shares of Southmark
they own.
    Each right entitles the holder to buy one share of
beneficial interest of American Realty Trust at a price of 3.75
dlrs per share, Southmark said.
    Southmark said the offer's record date is May 1, with an
ex-dividend date of April 27, adding that the it will issue the
rights to shareholders on May 6 and the offer will expire on
May 22.
    Southmark said it received the rights on April 6 as the
holder of about 84 pct of American Realty Trust's outstanding
shares.
    Holders of fewer than 455 Southmark shares who would
receive rights to acquire fewer than 100 American Realty shares
will be paid cash in lieu of the rights distribution, the
company said.
    Southmark said it will compute the cash price paid based on
the average closing market price of the rights on the American
Stock Exchange for the first ten days the rights are traded,
beginning April 6.
    In order to get the dividend for these rights a Southmark
shareholder must own common stock on the ex-dividend date,
April 27, the company said.
    After that, Southmark said its common stock will be traded
on an ex-rights basis.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15753>
Shr diluted 1.18 dlrs vs 1.04 dlrs
    Net 45.0 mln vs 39.2 mln
    Assets 16.7 billion vs 15.2 billion
    Deposits 13.0 billion vs 12.1 billion
    Loans 11.9 billion vs 10.1 billion
    NOTE: Results restated for merger of Midlantic Banks Inc
and Continental Bancorp Inc on January 30, 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15757>
Shr 46 cts vs 49 cts
    Net 1,101,551 vs 831,398
    NOTE: Share adjusted for two-for-one stock split in May
1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15759>
Qtly div 38 cts vs 35 cts prior
    Pay May 15
    Record May One
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15762>
Northern Trust Corp said its first
quarter earnings were reduced by 875,000 dlrs by placing 53.2
mln dlrs of loans to Brazil and six mln dlrs in loans to
Ecuador on a cash basis.
    Should these loans remain on nonperforming basis for the
rest of 1987, net income for year will be cut by about 3.2 mln
dlrs, the bank said.
    Earlier it posted net income for the period of 14.7 mln
dlrs or 87 cts a share, up from 11.7 mln dlrs or 73 cts a
share.
    Total nonperforming assets were 114.1 mln dlrs at March 31,
up from 53.4 mln dlrs at December 31 and 79 mln dlrs at March
31, 1986 the bank said.
    The provision for loan losses for the first quarter was
eight mln dlrs compared to 11 mln a year ago. Net loan charge
offs were six mln dlrs, down from 11 mln dlrs a year ago.
    The reserve for loan losses was 78.1 mln dlrs, or two pct
of outstanding loans, higher than the 56 mln dlrs of 1.65 pct
of loans outstanding at March 31, 1986.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15769>
Shr not given
    Net loss 9,900,000 vs loss 17,300,000
    Revs 14.7 mln vs 29.8 mln
    Note: Previous loss restated.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15772>
Shr 74 cts vs 92 cts
    Net 1,300,450 vs 1,600,258
    NOTE: Share adjusted for 10 pct stock dividend in July
1986.
    Company based in Mayaguez, Puerto Rico.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15777>
Shr loss six cts vs loss 88 cts
    Net loss 123,840 vs loss 1,298,377
    Revs 1,333,416 vs 385,146
    Year
    Shr profit six cts vs loss 1.47 dlrs
    Net profit 124,872 vs loss 2,171,011
    Revs 4,618,232 vs 2,959,141
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15780>
Qtly divs Class A and B 20 cts vs 20 cts
    Pay May 15
    Record April 30
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15782>
Shr 1.02 dlrs vs 78 cts
    Net 14.4 mln vs 11.0 mln
    NOTE: 1987 net includes gain 2,222,000 dlrs from
termination of pension plan.
    Results restated for pooled acquisitions and share adjusted
for stock dividends.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15790>
Shr seven cts vs six cts
    Net 1,612,000 vs 1,406,000
    Revs 38.2 mln vs 34.3 mln
    Avg shrs 23,742,000 vs 22,945,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15797>
Shr profit five cts vs profit two cts
    Net profit 325,000 vs profit 105,000
    Revs 19.5 mln vs 16.1 mln
    Six Mths
    Shr profit nine cts vs loss 35 cts
    Net profit 627,000 vs loss 2,280,000
    Revs 36.9 mln vs 27.4 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15800>
Shr 1.32 dlrs vs 1.26 dlrs
    Net 21.2 mln vs 17.4 mln
    Avg shrs 16.1 mln vs 13.8 mln
    Assets 10.0 billion vs 8.4 billion
    Deposits 7.2 billion vs 6.1 billion
    Loans 6.7 billion up 26 pct
    NOTE: Results restated for pooled acquisitions of Shawmut
Home Bank and Fidelity Trust Co and include First Gibraltar
Mortgage Corp from December 30, 1986 purchase.
    Loan loss provision 8,800,000 dlrs vs 6,300,000 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15801>
Minntech Corp said it expects
to report loss for its fiscal 1988 first quarter to end June
30, due to start-up costs related to a new membrane oxygenator
and water filtration products.
    However, revenues and earnings should consistently increase
throughout the remainder of the year, President Louis Cosentino
told analysts.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15807>
Shr 89 cts vs not available
    Net 1,163,000 vs 466,000
    Nine Mths
    Net 3,696,000 vs 1,624,000
    NOTE: Company converted to stock ownership effective August
1986.
    Periods end March 31, 1987 and 1986 respectively.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15808>
Southmark Corp said shareholders will be
issued, as a special dividend, rights to acquire 22 shares of
American Realty Trust &lt;ARB> for each 100 shares of Southmark
owned.
    The record date for Southmark shareholders to receive these
rights will be May one with an ex-dividend date of April 27.
    Southmark received these rights on April six, as the holder
of about 84 pct of American Realty Trust's outstanding shares.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15819>
Shr four cts vs 10 cts
    Net 31,000 vs 82,000
    Sales 10.9 mln vs 9,760,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15821>
Oper shr 1.64 dlrs vs 1.50 dlrs
    Oper net 6,200,000 vs 5,600,000
    Revs not given
    12 mths
    Oper shr 2.76 dlrs vs 2.58 dlrs
    Oper net 10.4 mln vs 9,600,000
    NOTE: Net income including discontinued operation and, in
both 1986 periods, 1,500,000 dlr gain from change in accounting
for which results restated, 6,200,000 dlrs vs 7,200,000 dlrs in
quarter and 10.6 mln dlrs vs 11.6 mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15822>
Shr 56 cts vs 35 cts
    Net 10,271,000 vs 6,425,000
    Loans 1.44 billion vs 1.20 billion
    Deposits 2.36 billion vs 1.96 billion
    Assets 2.96 billion vs 2.55 billion
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15823>
Shr 50 cts vs 26 cts
    Net 1,316,000 vs 656,000
    NOTE: qtr 1987 includes tax gain 500,000 dlrs, or 19 cts
per share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15832>
Shr 95 cts vs 80 cts
    Net 57.4 mln vs 46.6 mln
    Assets 28.39 billion vs 25.87 billion
    Loans 13.99 billion vs 14.35 billion
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15833>
Shr 94 cts vs 1.02 dlrs
    Net 7,255,000 vs 7,856,000
    Loans 2.88 billion vs 2.94 billion
    Deposits 4.05 billion vs 3.73 billion
    Assets 5.43 billion vs 5.14 billion

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15834>
Oper shr four cts vs one ct
    Oper net 108,000 vs 30,000
    Revs 12.8 mln vs 14.8 mln
    Note: Current qtr figures exclude operating loss
carryforward gain of 57,000 dlrs, or two cts per share vs gain
of 21,000 dlrs, or one ct per share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15841>
First Bank Systems Inc, in reporting
higher first quarter net, said that if interest is not paid on
the 140 mln dlrs in Brazilian loans and nine mln dlrs in
Ecuadorian loans for the rest of 1987, its profits for the
entire year will be cut by 6.9 mln dlrs.
    The banking firm said the non-performing status of these
loans cut first quarter net by 1.7 mln dlrs.
    Earlier it reported first quarter profits of 57.4 mln dlrs
or 95 cts a share, up from 46.6 mln dlrs or 80 cts a share in
the year-ago period.
    Nonaccrual loans, restructured loans and other real estate
were 637 mln dlrs, or 2.24 pct of total assets, compared to 514
mln dlrs or 1.84 pct of assets at the end of 1986 and 636.1
mln, or 2.46 pct of assets at March 31, 1986.
    The provision for loan losses in the quarter was 35 mln
dlrs, compared to 152.1 mln in the first quarter 1986, when
there was a special addition to the reserve of 100 mln dlrs.
Net charge offs were 34.7 mln, compared to 41.1 mln dlrs a year
earlier.
REUTER^M
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15851>
Oper shr 1.64 dlrs vs 84 cts
    Oper net 4,583,000 vs 2,869,000
    Revs 20.1 mln vs 19.0 mln
    Avg shrs 2,791,639 vs 3,432,746
    Year
    Oper shr 4.46 dlrs vs 3.20 dlrs
    Oper net 14.1 mln vs 10.9 mln
    Revs 74.6 mln vs 68.0 mln
    Avg shrs 3,154,665 vs 3,425,187
    NOTE: Operating net excludes gains of nothing vs 2,444,000
dlrs, or 72 cts a share, in quarter and 1,890,000 dlrs, or 60
cts a share, vs 9,3267,000 dlrs, or 2.72 dlrs a share, in year
from tax loss carryforwards
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15878>
The Stop and Shop Cos Inc said its board
voted a two-for-one stock split payable July One, to
stockholders of record May 29.
    It also said it was raising its quarterly cash dividend 16
pct to 32 cts per share from 27.5 cts per share prior.
    As a result of the split, the number of outstanding shares
will increase to 28 mln from 14 mln, the company said.
    The dividend is payable July One to shareholders of record
May 29, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15881>
Shr 17 cts vs 28 cts
    Net 2,668,000 vs 3,655,000
    Revs 93.9 mln vs 83.8 mln
    Avg shrs 15.7 mln vs 13.2 mln
    12 mths
    Shr 48 cts vs 58 cts
    Net 7,510,000 vs 7,482,000
    Revs 228.8 mln vs 181.9 mln
    Avg shrs 15.7 mln vs 12.9 mln
    NOTE: full name of company is audio/video affiliates Inc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15886>
Shr 71 cts vs 61 cts
    Net 78.5 mln vs 64.6 mln
    NOTE: Current qtr includes gain of seven cts/shr from sale
of securities. Year-ago restated.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15888>
Qtr ended February 28
    Shr six cts vs three cts
    Net 765,138 vs 311,388
    Rev 8.3 mln vs 3.7 mln
    Avg shares 12,272,265 vs 11,377,491
    Six months
    Shr 17 cts vs five cts
    Net 2,073,057 vs 515,229
    Rev 15.0 mln vs 7.4 mln
    Avg shares 12,295,934 vs 11,200,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15889>
Shr 41 cts vs 35 cts
    Net 2,362,000 vs 1,613,000
    Avg shrs 5,567,300 vs 4,070,700
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15896>
Shr 26 cts vs nil
    Net 2,244,000 vs nil
    Rev 3.4 mln vs nil
    NOTE: Company's full name is Universal Health Realty Income
Trust. Quarter is company's first full quarter of earnings.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15897>
Semi-annual div seven cts vs six cts prior
    Pay June One
    Record May One
.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15899>
SHr one cts vs 14 cts
    Net 17,806 vs 328,290
    Revs 1.3 mln vs 2.2 mln
    Nine months
    Shr 27 cts vs 26 cts
    Net 640,156 vs 622,251
    Revs 5.6 mln vs 5.6 mln
    NOTE:1986 net includes loss of 49,040 in nine months from
discontinued and gain of 15,598 dlrs in 3rd qtr.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15901>
Qtrly div 10 cts vs 10 cts prior
    Pay April 30
    Record April 21
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15902>
Class A qtly div 2-1/2 cts vs 2-1/2 cts prior
    Class B qtly div 1-1/2 cts vs 1-1/2 cts prior
    Pay May 8
    Record April 24
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15908>
Shr 22.50 dlrs vs 21.74 dlrs
    Assets 546.9 mln vs 485.2 mln
    Shrs out 24.3 mln vs 22.3 mln
    NOTE: lastest assets after capital gain distributions of 28
cts a share in February 1987 and 2.55 dlrs a share in December
1986
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15909>
Shr 31.36 dlrs vs 25.23 dlrs
    Assets 286.5 mln vs 253.0 mln
    Shrs out 9,138,526 vs 8,839,695
    NOTE: latest assets after capital gain distributions of 50
cts a share in February 1987 and 83 cts a share in December
1986, and with 29,955,000 stated value 1.676 dlr convertible
preferred stock outstanding.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15913>
Sony Corp &lt;SNE.T> chairman Akio
Morita said Sony's profits would be sharply down in 1987 as a
result of the dollar's decline.
    Sony Corp posted net consolidated income of 41.89 billion
yen (290 million dollars) in 1986, 42.6 pct down on 1985's
73.02 billion yen (506 million dollars).
    But Morita added that Japan would benefit from the strong
yen by saving on its energy import bill and he expected profits
to recover from 1988 onwards.
    He was speaking to reporters at a sony factory opening
here.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15930>
Qtly div 10 cts vs 10 cts prior
    Pay April 30
    Record April 21
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15933>
Shr 10 cts vs 10 cts prior qtr
    Pay June one
    Record April 24

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15934>
Shr 15 cts vs 15 cts prior qtr
    Pay June one
    Record April 24

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15944>
Shr primary 1.05 dlrs vs 88 cts
    Shr dilulted 1.05 dlrs vs 86 cts
    Net 151.6 mln vs 135.2 mln
    Revs 2.32 billion vs 2.55 billion
    Avg shrs 144.6 mln vs 154.5 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15959>
Newhall Investment Properties
said it declared a special distribution of 50 cts per share,
payable June one, to unitholders of record April 24.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15967>
Patient Technology Inc said it
retained an investment banking firm to consider alternatives in
restructuring its long-term debt, including a possible exchange
offer for 20 mln dlrs of outstanding convertible debentures.
    On April one, it began consolidating sales, marketing and
manufacturing operations. The consolidation is expected to be
complete by June one and the company said it is now focusing on
restructuring its balance sheet. 
     The company said the first quarter will be adversely
affected by the consolidation effort.
    For the year ago first quarter, the company reported a
profit of 100,000 dlrs on 7.3 mln dlrs.
    The company further said that the second quarter will be 
transitional period and that earnings growth will resume in the
second half of 1987.
    For the year ended December 31, 1986, Patient reported a
net loss of 1.4 mln dlrs on sales of 29.8 mln dlrs, due to
write-offs from discontinued operations and a temporary backlog
of orders.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15969>
Shr loss 18 cts vs loss 89 cts
    Net profit 161,000 vs loss 5,938,000
    Assets 3.43 billion vs 3.46 billion
    Deposits 2.68 billion vs 2.67 billion
    Loans 1.45 billion vs 1.64 billion
    Note: Shr data after payment of preferred dividends.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15979>
Westinghouse Electric Corp chairman
Douglas Danforth said he was encouraged by first quarter
results for fiscal 1987, and said the company was positioned to
capitalize on the economy's modest growth for the rest of the
year.
    "I am encouraged by the continuing improvement in
earnings," Danworth said. "The first quarter met our
expectations."
    Westinghouse recorded net income for the first quarter of
151.6 mln dlrs, or 1.05 dlrs per share, on revenues of 2.32
billion dlrs.
    Danworth attributed the results to an increase in the
operating profit in the energy and advanced technology,
industries and commerical segments.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15980>
Shr seven cts vs five cts
    Net 240,000 vs 136,000
    Loans 264.5 mln vs 251.7 mln
    Deposits 319.7 mln vs 306.8 mln
    Assets 348.6 mln vs 334.6 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15981>
Shr 14 cts vs six cts
    Net 653,561 vs 251,955
    Revs 4,143,056 vs 2,199,238
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15984>
Shr loss 42 cts vs loss 56 cts
    Net loss 596,354 vs loss 795,009
    Revs 3,818,258 vs 2,070,772
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15985>
Shr 39 cts vs 28 cts
    Net 491,000 vs 356,000
    Revs 890,000 vs 720,000
    Year
    Shr 1.54 dlrs vs 2.49 dlrs
    Net 1,952,00 vs 3,165,000
    Rev 3,463,000 vs 3,005,000
    Note: Net includes state tax credit of 400,000 for 1986 qtr
and year. Net also includes gains from sale of real estate of
3,000 vs 83,000 for qtr and 563,000 vs 1,317,000 for year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16003>
Qtly div five cts vs five cts prior
    Pay July 13
    Record June 30
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16013>
Shr 67 cts vs 62 cts
    Net 9,160,000 vs 7,722,000
    Assets 4.5 billion vs four billion
    Note: Shr and net data are before accounting change
announced in 1986, which added 30 cts a share to year-ago 1st
qtr results.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16015>
Shr 20 cts vs 25 cts
    Net 487,000 vs 435,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16016>
Shr loss 21 cts vs loss 28 cts
    Net loss 817,000 vs loss 1,058,000
    Revs 5,627,000 vs 7,397,000
    Year
    Shr loss 75 cts vs loss 1.36 dlrs
    Net loss 2,872,000 vs loss 5,200,000
    Revs 23.3 mln vs 21.1 mln
    Note: 1985 net includes 1,255,000 adjustment in inventory
valuations and 486,000 in cost-reduction expenses.
    Full name is International Power Machines Corp.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16022>
Oper shr one ct vs 13 cts
    Oper net 17,806 vs 312,692
    Revs 1,318,165 vs 2,239,349
    Nine mths
    Oper shr 27 cts cs 28 cts
    Oper net 640,156 vs 671,291
    Revs 5,612,818 vs 5,632,044
    Note: Oper excludes gain from discontinued operations of
15,598 for year-ago qtr and loss from discontinued operations
of 49,040 for year-ago nine mths.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16023>
Moore Corp Ltd expects 1987 profits from
continuing operations will exceed 1986 results and recover to
1985 levels when the company earned 152 mln U.S. dlrs or 1.70
dlrs a share, president M. Keith Goodrich said.
    "We'll have a substantial increase in earnings from
continuing operations," he told reporters after the annual
meeting. He said he expected profits would recover last year's
lost ground and reach 1985 results.
    In 1986, profits from continuing operations slumped to
139.5 mln dlrs or 1.54 dlrs a share. The total excluded losses
of 30 mln dlrs on discontinued operations.
    Goodrich said Moore is still actively looking for
acquisitions related to its core areas of business forms
manufacturing or handling.
    "We could do a large acquisition," he said when asked if
the company could raise as much as one billion dlrs for this
purpose.
    Chairman Judson Sinclair, answering a shareholder's
question, told the annual meeting that a special resolution
passed by shareholders to create a new class of preferred
shares would allow Moore to move quickly if it decided to
pursue an acquisition.
    "If we were to make a major acquisition ... it means we can
move with a certain expediency," Sinclair said.
    Asked if the resolution was designed to give Moore
protection from a possible hostile takeover, Sinclair said
only, "I know of no threat to the corporation at this time."
        
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16030>
Oper shr loss 30 cts vs loss 1.27 dlrs
    Oper net loss 8,648,000 vs loss 25.6 mln
    Revs 27.4 mln vs 33.3 mln
    Avg shrs 29.1 mln vs 20.1 mln
    Note: Oper excludes loss on provision for discontinued
operations of 971,000 vs 12.2 mln and loss from conversion of
debt 587,000 vs gain of 1,734,000.
    1985 oper excludes loss from pension plan liquidation of
631,000 and loss from discontinued operations of 1,015,000.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16045>
Shr loss 10 cts vs profit 17 cts
    Net loss 1,546,000 vs profit 4,078,000
    Revs 22.6 mln vs 38.9 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16055>
Shr loss six cts vs loss 84 cts
    Net loss 219,632 vs loss 16.3 mln
    Revs 1.4 mln vs 2.8 mln
    NOTE:1985 net includes 15.5 mln dlrs of writedowns and tax
benefit of 51,294.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16086>
Wholly-owned Mobil Corp &lt;MOB> unit,
&lt;Mobil Oil Australia Ltd>, reported a 38.63 mln dlr net loss in
1986, a turnaround from its 37.25 mln profit in 1985.
    The loss reflected a combination of strikes plus scheduled
and unscheduled refinery shutdowns for maintenance and
inventory losses caused by government controls on both crude
and product prices, Mobil said in a statement.
    However, equity-accounting of associates' profits reduced
the loss to 24 mln dlrs against a 37 mln profit in 1985.
    Mobil said it was confident 1987 would see a return to
profit as it built further on its 1985 company restructuring.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16112>
Texaco Inc &lt;TX> said its decision to
file for protection under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy
code will not affect the majority of its businesses.
    It said its subsidiaries, which account for 96 pct of its
32.6 billion dlrs in revenues and 79 pct of its net property,
plant and equipment, were free of the action.
    Only parent holding company, Texaco Inc, and operating
subsidiaries, Texaco Capital Inc and Texaco Capital N.V, are
affected, it said.
    But the company said it was likely to suspend its 75 cents
per share quarterly common stock dividend and halt repayments
on debts of some 6.8 billion dlrs.
    Texaco said it filed for Chaper 11 because suppliers were
demanding cash payments and banks were withholding loans as a
result of a legal dispute with Pennzoil Co &lt;PZL>.
    Texaco is fighting a Texas law requiring it to post a bond
of more than 10 billion dlrs before it can appeal a 1985
judgment that ruled it illegally interfered with Pennzoil's
1984 acquisition of Getty Petroleum Corp &lt;GTY>. The bond almost
matches the damages awarded against Texaco.
    Should Texaco fail to place the bond, Pennzoil could begin
to attach its assets to secure the judgment.
    Last Monday, the Supreme Court overturned a decision to cut
Texaco's bond to one billion dlrs, and sent the issue back to
the Texas courts.
    Analysts said the bankruptcy filing effectively froze all
Texaco's obligations while it continued to appeal the merits of
the Pennzoil lawsuit.
    "Attempts last week to win a compromise on both the bond
issue and the larger dispute failed," James Kinnear, Texaco's
president and chief executive officer, told reporters.
    Kinnear said Pennzoil's disclosure in court papers on
Friday that it wanted to extend the bond issue hearing until
the end of April, pushed Texaco further towards Chapter 11.
    Pennzoil had asked Texaco to post a 5.6 billion dlr cash
bond and to reduce its dividend to not more than 50 pct of
earnings. Pennzoil also wanted assurances that Texaco would not
sell any assets, Kinnear said.
    Texaco offered to put up one billion dlrs in a letter of
credit and agreed not to let the value of its assets fall under
11.1 billion dlrs, he added.
    Joseph Jamail, a Houston attorney for Pennzoil, said the
company had made its latest settlement offer to Texaco on
Saturday and was taken by surprise when Texaco filed for
bankruptcy.
    He declined to reveal the amount of the proposal, citing a
confidentiality agreement between the two companies. "Texaco
told us they would get back to us but instead they chose to go
to bankruptcy court," Jamail said.
    Attorneys for Pennzoil said they believed the company would
prevail in court appeals, adding that Texaco's assets were
ample ultimately to pay the Pennzoil judgment in full.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16119>
Australia and New Zealand Banking
Group Ltd &lt;ANZA.S> said it will make a one-for-two bonus issue
from its asset revaluation reserve to shareholders registered
June 2.
    The proposed bonus and an increase in authorised capital to
one billion one-dlr par shares from 600 mln will be put to
shareholders for approval at an extraordinary general meeting
on May 26, the ANZ said in a statement.
    The issue will absorb about 230 mln dlrs of the 260.9 mln
standing in the asset revaluation reserve, it said.
    The bank said that by lowering the dividend rate it expects
to maintain the value of dividend payout on the enlarged
capital at about the level of its last full year ended
September 30. The group paid 31 cents a share and 133.1 mln
dlrs in all for that year.
    Shareholders will also be asked to approve changes in the
bank's articles of association to allow it to offer shares in
lieu of the interim dividend at a discount of five pct to the
market price.
    The group is the latest to announce a tax-free bonus issue
ahead of dividend imputation, effective July 1.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16140>
Morgan Crucible Co Plc &lt;MGCR.L> said the
prospects for 1987 were encouraging, with orders and sales
significantly up on last year in all divisions.
    It said there were good opportunities for growth in both
existing and recently acquired businesses as well as for growth
by acquisition in related areas.
    It earlier announced a 6.1 mln stg rise in pre-tax profit
to 24.8 mln stg for the year to December 28. Turnover rose to
242.1 mln from 211.5 mln.
    Most of its companies performed well despite a slowdown in
the U.S., U.K. And Australian economies in the first half.
    Currency fluctuations reduced pretax profit by around one
mln stg, it noted.
    Morgan said although profits in the electronics sector
improved to 1.0 mln stg from 100,000 stg previously, results
were nonetheless disappointing.
    Sales were lower than expected, due mainly to delayed
defence orders and cancellations. However, it said it had taken
the necessary remedial action, obtained new business and was
now proceeding with the delivery of major delayed orders.
    Morgan shares firmed two pence to 318p at 0905 GMT from
316p at Friday's close.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16141>
Year to December 28, 1986
    Shr 20.1p vs 17.6p
    Div 5.0p vs 4.6p making 9.2p vs 8.5p
    Turnover 242.1 mln stg vs 211.5 mln
    Pretax profit 24.8 mln vs 18.7 mln
    Tax 6.7 mln vs 5.8 mln
    Operating profit 28.3 mln vs 21.3 mln
    Investment income 1.0 mln vs 0.7 mln
    Net finance charges 4.5 mln vs 3.3 mln
    Company full name is Morgan Crucible Co Plc &lt;MGCR.L>
    Minorities and provisions for preference dividends 0.7 mln
vs 1.2 mln
    Extraordinary debit - 0.9 mln vs 1.3 mln credit
    Operating profit includes -
    Carbon 8.3 mln vs 7.0 mln
    Technical ceramics 7.0 mln vs 5.6 mln
    Thermal ceramics 7.6 mln vs 4.6 mln
    Speciality chemicals 4.4 mln vs 4.0 mln
    Electronics 1.0 mln vs 0.1 mln
REUTER^M
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16170>
French commercial bank Credit Commercial
de France has split each of its shares into four to increase
the number of shares on offer when it is privatised at the end
of this month, a company official said.
    He told Reuters a general assembly had passed a proposal
splitting 10.33 mln shares of 100 francs nominal into around
41.32 mln shares of 25 francs nominal.
    Market sources have put the total value of CCF's selloff at
between four and five billion francs. The bank said the share
sale price was likely to be announced on April 24, before the
launch of a public flotation offer on April 27.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16175>
Six months to end-December
    Shr 32.6p vs 22.3p
    Div 5.0p vs 4.0p
    Pre-tax profit 376 mln stg vs 260 mln
    Turnover 883 mln vs 686 mln
    Tax 133 mln vs 94 mln
    Note - company full name is Glaxo Holdings Plc &lt;GLXO.L>.
    Trading profit 338 mln vs 233 mln
    Share of profits of associates 14 mln vs seven mln
    Investment income less interest payable 24 mln vs 20 mln
    Profit after tax 243 mln vs 166 mln
    Minority interests two mln vs one mln
    Extraordianry credit eight mln vs nil
    Turnover includes -
    Continuing activities 875 mln vs 647 mln
    Discontinued activities eight mln vs 39 mln
    U.K. 111 mln vs 91 mln
    Europe 299 mln vs 218 mln
    North America 334 mln vs 229 mln
    Central and South America 21 mln vs 20 mln
    Africa and Middle East 29 mln vs 23 mln
    South East Asia and Far East 57 mln vs 47 mln
    Australasia 24 mln vs 19 mln
    Anti-peptic ulcerants 414 mln vs 285 mln
    Systemic antibiotics 112 mln vs 82 mln
    Respiratory system 183 mln vs 141 mln
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16202>
Shr 1.11 dlrs vs 1.10 dlrs
    Shr diluted 1.03 dlrs vs 1.02 dlrs
    Net 8,186,000 vs 8,114,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16206>
Shr 21 cts vs eight cts
    Net 6,597,000 vs 2,602,000
    Revs 56.4 mln vs 23.2 mln
    1st half
    Shr 57 cts vs 32 cts
    Net 17.6 mln vs 9,810,000
    Revs 137.7 mln vs 76.0 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16207>
Year to end-December Shr 76.7p vs 67.7p
    Div 17p making 23p vs 21p
    Pretax profit 127.0 mln stg vs 116.9 mln
    Turnover 1.10 billion vs 947.2 mln
    Tax 25.0 mln vs 26.3 mln
    Note - company full name is Blue Circle Industries Plc
&lt;BCIL.L>. Company said it proposes one-for-one capitalisation
issue
    Gross profit 390.9 mln vs 321.6 mln
    Distribution costs 215.6 mln vs 177.6 mln
    Administrative expenses 65.1 mln vs 58.9 mln
    Other operating income 5.3 mln vs 11.0 mln
    Share of profits of related companies 50.0 mln vs 58.1 mln
    Operating profit 165.5 mln vs 154.2 mln
    Net interest payable 33.6 mln vs 32.2 mln
    Exceptional items 4.9 mln debit vs 5.1 mln debit
    Minorities 3.4 mln vs 6.9 mln
    Extraordinary items after tax 39.5 mln vs 4.2 mln
    Pretax profit includes -
    U.K. 37.7 mln vs 20.5 mln
    U.S. 27.5 mln vs 22.8 mln
    Mexico 15.0 mln vs 20.7 mln
    Australasia 15.7 mln vs 13.2 mln
    Africa 12.0 mln vs 12.6 mln
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16219>
Shr loss 67 cts vs loss two cts
    Net loss 3,721,000 vs loss 107,000
    Revs 155.7 mln vs 24.2 mln
    NOTE: Results for 12 months ended Dec 31, 1986, and eight
months ended Dec 31 1985. Because of the acquisition of Brooks
Drug in September 1986 and the company's change of fiscal year,
prior-year results are not comparable, Compact Video explained.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16221>
Oper shr 45 cts vs 26 cts
    Oper net 2,258,000 vs 1,166,000
    NOTE: 1986 net excludes 842,000 dlr tax credit.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16230>
Shr primary one dlr vs 85 cts
    Shr diluted 97 cts vs 81 cts
    Net 108.6 mln vs 86.8 mln
    Rev 2.70 billion vs 2.17 billion
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16234>
Shr 47 cts vs not given
    Net 2,100,000 vs 1,277,000
    NOTE: Company went public in fourth quarter of 1986.
    Home Federal Savings and Loan Association of Upper East
Tennessee.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16244>
Shr profit one ct vs nil
    Net profit 74,000 vs profit 10,000
    Revs 925,000 vs 112,000
    Avg shrs 10 mln vs nine mln
    Six mths
    Shr loss nil vs loss one ct
    Net loss 16,000 vs loss 90,000
    Revs 1,855,000 vs 333,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16246>
1st qtr
    Shr 1.30 dlrs vs 1.65 dlrs
    Net 785 mln vs 1.02 billion
    Gross income 10.68 billion vs 10.13 billion
    Avg shrs 604.6 mln vs 615.6 mln
    NOTE: Pretax net 1.34 billion vs 1.83 billion.
    Sales 6.50 billion vs 6.10 billion, maintenance gross
income 1.95 billion vs 1.77 billion, program products gross
income 1.40 billion vs 1.15 billion and rentals and other
services 825 mln vs 1.10 billion.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16252>
Goodyear Tire and Rubber Co said it
expects to report earnings from continuing operations of over
one dlr per share on 71.3 mln average shares outstanding.
    In last year's first quarter the company lost 60.0 mln dlrs
or 55 cts per share on 108.4 mln shares outstanding, after a
110.8 mln dlr writedown of oil reserves of its Celeron Corp
unit.
    Goodyear said it will report first quarter results April 27.
    Goodyear chairman Robert E. Mercer also told the annual
meeting that unless there is a major downturn in the economy,
it expects to work its debt down to normal levels in three
years through its restructuring and cash flow from improved
margins.
    The company set up its restructuring program to fend off a
hostile takeover attempt by Sir James Goldsmith.  As part of
the restructuring, Goodyear executed a major stock buyback
program that resulted in an increase in its debt.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16262>
First Marathon Inc said it planned a
two-for-one stock split, to be effective on shareholders'
approval at the June 4 annual meeting.
    The financial services company said it also completed the
previously reported 29.6 mln dlr private placement of 1.5 mln
non-voting preferred shares convertible one-for-one into
non-voting class A shares.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16263>
Shr 66 cts vs 57 cts
    Net 20.0 mln vs 17.1 mln
    Avg shrs 30.3 mln vs 30.0 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16264>
International Business Machines
Corp said shipments and revenues were higher in the first
quarter, but net earnings fell 22.8 pct in part due to higher
expenses.
    IBM said net income fell to 785 mln dlrs or 1.30 dlrs a
share from 1.02 billion dlrs or 1.65 dlrs on about 1.8 pct
fewer shares outstanding.
    While total sales and income rose 5.5 pct to 10.68 billion
dlrs from 10.13 billion dlrs, costs and expenses rose 12.1 pct
to 9.61 billion dlrs from 8.57 billion in the quarter, the
computer maker said.
    The company said it continues to take actions to make it
more competitive, including cost and expense reduction
measures.
    "Although the worldwide economic situation remains
unsettled, there are some encouraging signs in our business,"
IBM said in a statement.
    "In addition to the increase in first quarter shipments, we
have announced new offerings in our large processor and
personal computing product lines," it said.
    "We have yet to fully benefit from our recent product
announcements, retirement incentives and other resource
balancing measures, and we expect these actions will have a
more significant impact as 1987 progresses," the company added.
    It said it expects more than 12,000 U.S. employees to take
advantage of the retirement incentives announced last year.
    Pretax earnings fell 27 pct to 1.34 billion dlrs from 1.83
billion, IBM said. Pretax margins slipped to 12.5 pct in 1987
from 18.1 pct in 1986, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16266>
Shr 15 cts vs 15 cts
    Net 689,561 vs 784,088
    Sales 19.2 mln vs 19.8 mln
    Avg shrs 4.7 mln vs 5.3 mln
    NOTE: 1986 net includes a gain of 108,000 dlrs or two cts a
share from proceeds from the sale of property.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16269>
Shr 65 cts vs 51 cts
    Net 61.5 mln vs 50.2 mln
    Revs 1.12 billion vs 960.8 mln
    Avg shrs 95.3 mln vs 99.4 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16275>
Shr 51 cts vs 40 cts
    Net 1.4 mln vs 851,000
    Revs 9.8 mln vs 6.5 mln
    Six months
    Shr 74 cts vs 50 cts
    Net 2.0 mln vs 1.1 mln
    Revs 17.7 mln vs 11.3 mln
    Avg shrs 2.7 mln vs 2.1 mln
    NOTE:Quarter ended March 31. 1987 six months includes
charge of 115,000 dlrs due to reversal of investment tax
credits.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16278>
Coopervision Inc said it is
preparing a recapitalization plan, which includes a common
stock repurchase program and an exchange of debt securities for
common stock.
    The plan, along with a proposal to change its name to
Cooper Cos Inc, will be submitted for shareholders' approval at
the company's annual meeting on June 22.
    The meeting had been postponed from its original date of
May 14 in order to let management review recapitalization
options, it said.
    In addition, Coopervision said operating income in its
current fiscal quarter ending April 30 is expected to show an
improvement over its prior fiscal quarter's 82.5 mln dlrs and
its year ago quarter.
    Income from continuing operations was not immediately
availalbe for the prior year's second quarter in which it
reported a net loss of 14.9 mln dlrs.
    At a Drexel Burnham Lambert Investor Conference,
Coopervision chairman Parker Montgomery said, as previously
announced, he will listen to any bid that makes sense for
shareholders.
    He also said Coopervision's stock fell in 1986 due to its
second quarter loss, rumors of a liquidation at 30 dlrs and 35
dlrs a share, and Ivan Boesky's subsequent sale of his
position.
    "The stock dropped six dlrs in three days after Boesky sold
his position and has never recovered," Montgomery said. The
company's stock is currently trading at 19-1/4.
    Montgomery further told the conference, "Don't be an
investor in the stock on the basis of any short term recovery
in operating or net income in 1987 and 1988."
    "Our concentration is on maintaining or increasing market
share in our core businesses this year and next, regardless of
the impact to the bottom line," he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16283>
Shr 72 cts vs 52 cts
    Net 38.6 mln vs 25 mln
    Revs 281.8 mln vs 174.5 mln
    Avg shrs 53.5 mln vs 48.2 mln
    NOTE: 1987 1st quarter amounts do not includes sales of
AVIA Group International Inc, acquired at the end of the first
quarter. 1987 1st quarter revenues include Rockport revenues of
31 mln dlrs. 1986 1st quarter amounts do not include Rockport,
as Reebok acuqired that company in October 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16284>
Oper shr 16 cts vs three cts
    Oper net 1,930,000 vs 391,000
    Revs 313.9 mln vs 308.9 mln
    Avg shrs 11.9 mln vs 12.0 mln
    Year
    Oper shr 60 cts vs 27 cts
    Oper net 7,215,000 vs 3,340,000
    Revs 1.23 billion vs 1.16 billion
    Avg shrs 11.9 mln vs 12.0 mln
    NOTE: Prior year net excludes gains 4,896,000 dlrs in
quarter and 8,873,000 dlrs in year from termination of
overfunded pension plans.
    Backlog 1.0 billion dlrs vs 942 mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16288>
Merry-Go-Round Enterprises Inc said
its board declared a three-for-two stock split, payable May One
to holders of record April 17.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16294>
Shr 1.51 dlr vs 1.62 dlr
    Net 28.6 mln vs 30.4 mln
    Assets 23.8 billion vs 20.9 billion
    Deposits 15.5 billion vs 14 billion
    Loans 13.8 billion vs 12 billion
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16297>
Shr 28 cts vs 32 cts
    Net 2,823,000 vs 3,216,000
    Rev 47.9 mln vs 42.9 mln
    NOTE: The 1986 earnings per share adjusted for a four for
three stock distribution paid May 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16299>
Shr 15 cts vs 14 cts
    Net 2,028,000 vs 1,879,000
    Revs 32.1 mln vs 29.5 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16300>
NVHomes LP said April 30 will be
the distribution date for new units as a result of its
previously-announced two-for-one split to unitholders of record
April 20.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16311>
Net 17.7 mln vs 15.3 mln
    NOTE: &lt;National Westminster Bank PLC> subsidiary.
    Loan loss provision 13.8 mln vs 13.0 mln
    Investment securitiesd gaons 2,003,000 dlrs vs 169,000
dlrs.
    Figures in dollars.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16312>
Irving Bank Corp said the decline in
its first quarter earnings to 28.6 mln dlrs from 30.4 mln dlrs
in the year-ago period were due to the placement on a
non-accrual basis of 215 mln dlrs and 33 mln dlrs of medium and
long-term loans to borrowers in Brazil and Equador.
    Excluding the impact of the non-accrual loans, Irving said
its first quarter net income would have rose 8.4 pct to 32.9
mln and per share amounts would have risen eight pct to 1.75
dlr. In the first quarter the bank reported earnings per share
of 1.51 dlr compared to 1.62 dlr in the same period last year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16315>
shr 1.58 dlrs vs 1.93 dlrs
    net 86,220,000 vs 102,629,000
    avg shrs 50,831,512 vs 49,156,828
    assets 61.04 billion vs 57.95 billion
    loans 38.76 billion vs 39.68 billion
    deposits 38.20 billion vs 33.14 billion
    return on assets 0.57 pct vs 0.71 pct
    return on common equity 11.47 pct vs 15.19 pct
    NOTE: 1987 qtr net reduced by 12 mln dlrs because 1.04
billion dlrs of Brazil loans were placed on non-accrual
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16317>
Shr primary 54 cts vs 41 cts
    Shr diluted 51 cts vs 38 cts
    Net 9,098,000 vs 5.924,000
    Revs 111.7 mln vs 85.0 mln
    Avg shrs primary 16,889,254 vs 14,500,737
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16319>
Shr 62 cts vs 26 cts
    Net 2,312,000 vs 944,000
    NOTE: 1987 includes five ct shr charge from loan loss
provision.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16324>
Shr 84 cts vs 80 cts
    Net 82,416,000 vs 67,819,000
    Revs 703.9 mln vs 759.7 mln
    Avg shrs 98,369,307 vs 84,807,498
    Loans 19.06 billion vs 19.51 billion
    Deposits 21.60 billion vs 19.86 billion
    Assets 27.16 billion vs 27.15 billion
    Note: Prior qtr per shr figure adjusted for three-for-one
stock split of May 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16336>
NCR Corp, earlier reporting higher
first quarter profit, said it continues to expect that it will
report record earnings and revenue for all of 1987.
    "Our optimism is based on our incoming order rates and the
strength of our product lines," the company said.
    NCR Corp plans additional new product announcements this
year, it said without elaborating.
    NCR earlier said first quarter profit increased to 61.5 mln
dlrs or 65 cts share from 50.2 mln dlrs or 51 cts share in the
prior year. NCR's 1986 full-year earnings rose to 336.5 mln
dlrs from 315.2 mln dlrs in the prior year.
    NCR said the increase in first quarter profit resulted from
strong revenue growth, which was particularly strong in Europe
and Pacific marketing groups.
    Growth in U.S. revenues also improved, the company said.
First quarter revenues increased to 1.12 billion dlrs from
960.8 mln dlrs in the prior year.
    NCR's U.S. dollar value of 1987 first quarter worldwide
incoming orders posted a very substantial gain over the prior
year first quarter, NCR also said without giving specific
figures. Order growth was broad based across NCR's product
lines, with the greatest growth coming from U.S., it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16337>
Period ended February 28
    Shr loss 11 cts vs loss 11 cts
    Net loss 1,309,000 vs loss 937,000
    Revs 5,271,000 vs 4,417,000
    Avg shrs 11,690,000 vs 8,724,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16339>
Entre Computer Centers Inc said it
is discontinuing its European and Australian operations.
    The company today reported a loss for the second quarter
ended February 28 of 2,733,000 dlrs, after a 6,705,000 dlr
pretax provision for the shutdown of the overseas units and a
2,511,000 dlr tax credit.  A year earlier it earned 911,000
dlrs.
    It said the overseas operations lost 400,000 dlrs in the
second quarter and did not appear strong enough to provide for
future growth.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16342>
Shr loss 29 cts vs profit 10 cts
    Net loss 2,733,000 vs profit 911,000
    Revs 21.5 mln vs 18.5 mln
    1st half
    Shr loss 23 cts vs profit 26 cts
    Net loss 2,154,000 vs profit 2,445,000
    Revs 37.8 mln vs 37.7 mln
    NOTE: Current year net both periods includes 6,705,000 dlr
pretax provision for closing overseas operations and tax
credits 2,511,000 dlrs in quarter and 1,977,000 dlrs in half.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16343>
Merrill Lynch and Co said investment
banking revenues were strong in the first quarter, rising to
257.4 mln dlrs from 152.9 mln in the first quarter 1986.
    "We have made steady progress in a period of market
activity which has been marked by unprecedented activity,"
William Schreyer, chairman and cheif executive officer, and
Daniel Tully, president and chief operating officer, said.
    Earlier, the company reported first quarter net income of
108.6 mln dlrs, or one dlr per share, up from 86.8 mln dlrs, or
85 cts per share, in 1986's first quarter.
    Merrill Lynch said its insurance revenues made the biggest
gains in the first quarter, rising to 242.3 mln dlrs in the
this first quarter, from 68.3 mln dlrs in last year's first
quarter.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16346>
Feb 28 end
    Shr profit four cts vs loss nil
    Net profit 448,000 vs loss 28,000
    Revs 15.1 mln vs 11.5 mln
    Avg shrs 11.2 mln vs 11.1 mln
    Year
    Shr profit four cts vs profit nil
    Net profit 459,000 vs profit 51,000
    Revs 53.2 mln vs 44.5 mln
    Avg shrs 11.2 mln vs 11.1 mln
    NOTE: Net includes tax credits of 53,000 dlrs vs 1,023,000
dlrs in quarter and 48,000 dlrs vs 2,557,000 dlrs in year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16347>
Oper shr 39 cts vs 47 cts
    Oper net 2,104,462 vs 2,452,420
    Revs 4,675,904 vs 4,744,248
    Avg shrs 5,427,561 vs 5,139,415
    1st half
    Oper shr 82 cts vs 93 cts
    Oper net 4,418,718 vs 4,609,613
    Revs 9,346,483 vs 9,338,590
    Avg shrs 5,427,486 vs 4,943,966
    NOTE: Current year net excludes gains on sale of real
estate of 470,778 dlrs in quarter and 1,533,273 dlrs in half.
    Period ended February 28.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16348>
Shr profit four cts vs loss one cts
    Net profit 172,000 vs loss 180,000
    Revs 4.2 mln vs 883,000
    Six months
    Shr profit nine cts vs loss four cts
    Net profit 315,000 vs loss 107,000
    Revs 7.4 mln vs 1.8 mln
    Avg shrs 4.4 mln vs 2.6 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16350>
Shr 37 cts vs 37 cts
    Net 687,888 vs 441,659
    Revs 7.9 mln vs 6.8 mln
    Nine months
    Shr 1.12 dlrs vs 1.07 dlrs
    Net 1.8 mln vs 1.3 mln
    Revs 23.2 mln vs 19.7 mln
    Avg shrs 1.6 mln vs 1.2 mln
    NOTE:Full name is Scott and Stringfellow Financial Corp.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16354>
Foster Wheeler Corp &lt;FWC> said an
audit of its Stearns Airport Equiment Co Inc unit, revealed
"substantial discrepancies" in Stearns accounts that may
require material adjustments to previously announce
consolidated results of the company and its subsidiaries.
    Foster said certain Stearn officers and senior management
made Stearn's operations appear more profitable than they were
by improperly recording job costs. It said Stearn's president
and controller had resigned. A Foster spokesman said he did not
know the names of the president and controller, and could not
immediately comment on the release.
    Foster said the amount involved in the "discrepancy" is
about 13.7 mln dlrs before taxes or about 8.2 mln dlrs net
after tax due to an "improper recording of job costs over a
period of several years and continuing through part of the
first quarter of 1987."
    Stearns is a unit of Foster's Conergic Corp subsidiary.
The company said the impact on its results for 1987 was not
"likely to be significant" but the amount to be charged to
prior periods had not been determined.
    Foster reported after tax earnings of 28 mln dlrs, 26 mln
dlrs and 35.4 mln dlrs for 1986, 1985, and 1984, respectively.
    Stearns, based in Crowley, Texas, makes airport baggage
conveyor equipment and passenger loading bridges.
    Foster, a diversified international concern with 27
subsidiaries operating worldwide, is based in Livingston, New
Jersey. Its reported revenues for the period ended December 26,
1986 of 1.3 billion dlrs.
    The company said a detailed audit and investigation is
continuing. A company spokesman declined to comment further on
the investigation.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16360>
Shr 21 cts vs eight cts
    Net 1.5 mln vs 536,000
    Revs 26.6 mln vs 17.7 mln
    Nine months
    Shr 1.11 dlrs vs 43 cts
    Net 7.8 mln vs 3.0 mln
    Revs 86.9 mln vs 82.9 mln
    NOTE:Shares adjusted for 2-for-1 stock split payable May
28, 1987 to holders of record May 14, 1987.
    1987 3rd qtr and nine months includes tax loss carryforward
gain of 695,000 dlrs and 3.6 mln dlrs, respectively.
    1986 3rd qtr nine months includes tax loss carryforward
gains of 260,000 dlrs and 1.4 mln dlrs, respectively.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16363>
Shr 27 cts vs not given
    Net 617,000 vs 550,000
    Loans 92.8 mln vs 84.7 mln
    Deposits 121.9 mln vs 119.4 mln
    Assets 155.4 mln vs 152.4 mln
    Note: prior share not given due to June 18, 1986 conversion
to stock ownserhip
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16365>
Shr 29 cts vs not given
    Net 3,508,000 vs 2,483,000
    NOTE: Company went public in August 1986.
    1986 figures restated.
    Net includes loan loss provision 550,000 dlrs vs 203,000
dlrs, gain on sale of securities of 309,000 dlrs vs 638,000
dlrs and gain on sale of loans 403,000 dlrs vs 553,000 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16367>
Chemical New York Corp said its
first-quarter profits fell by 16 pct, largely because it placed
1.04 billion dlrs of loans to Brazil on non-accrual.
    Chemical reported first-quarter net income of 86.2 mln
dlrs, down from 102.6 mln a year earlier, but declaring the
Brazilian loans non-performing cost Chemical 21 mln dlrs in
lost interest income, or 12 mln dlrs after-tax.
    A 13.3 pct jump in non-interest expense to 471.3 mln dlrs
from 415.9 mln also hit the bottom line. It said the rise was
mainly due to staff costs associated with continued growth in
consumer, capital markets and investment banking activities.
    Excluding the effect of placing Brazil on non-accrual,
Chemical said its net income would have been 98.2 mln dlrs, or
4.3 pct below 1986 earnings.
    Brazil suspended interest payments on 68 billion dlrs of
medium- and long-term debt on February 20. If they are not
resumed by year's end, Chemical said its after-tax net for the
whole of 1987 will be reduced by about 51 mln dlrs.
    Chemical also placed 52 mln dlrs of loans to Ecuador on
non-accrual because the Quito government also suspended
interest payments on its foreign debt. This reduced interest
income by 1.5 mln dlrs.
    Chemical said net interest income fell to 476.4 mln dlrs
from 488.9 mln and its net spread narrowed to 3.61 pct from
3.96 pct.
    This reflected the reclassification of Brazilian loans, a
reduced federal income tax rate (which affected the calculation
of the taxabale-equivalent adjustment on tax-exempt assets) and
a narrowing of the spread between the prime rate and Chemical's
cost of funds.
    Foreign exchange trading profits rose to 37.9 mln dlrs from
27.0 mln, but bond trading profits dropped to 21.9 mln dlrs
from 26.2 mln.
    Fees from trust and other banking services rose to 146.5
mln dlrs from 129.3 mln a year earlier, Chemical said.
    The provision for loan losses was 87.2 mln dlrs, compared
with 83.8 mln. Net loan charge-offs were 86.5 mln, up from 60.7
mln, leaving the allowance for loan losses at 672.6 mln dlrs at
quarter's end, or 1.74 pct of loans outstanding, compared with
594.3 mln, or 1.50 pct, a year earlier.
    Non-accruing loans at the end of March were 2.39 billion
dlrs (1.35 billion excluding Brazil), compared with 1.35
billion at the end of 1986 and 1.22 billion at the end of
March, 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16369>
Genetics Institute Inc,
earlier reporting an increased first quarter net loss, said it
expects to incur losses in fiscal 1987 "that are somewhat higher
than those reported in fiscal 1986."
    It had a loss of 4,504,000 dlrs for fiscal 1986 ended
November 30, compared to a fiscal 1985 loss of 1,732,00 dlrs.
    The company said the losses result from its strategic
decision to invest prudent levels of equity in development of
products the company can manufacture and bring to market.
    Genetics earlier said first quarter ended February 28
losses rose to 1,309,000 dlrs from year-ago loss of 937,000
dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16371>
Period ended February 28
    Shr 40 cts vs 15 cts
    Net 1,747,000 vs 775,000
    Revs 13.2 mln vs 13.3 mln
    Avg shrs 4,321,376 vs 5,148,318
    Year
    Shr 67 cts vs 67 cts
    Net 3,300,000 vs 3,299,000
    Revs 49.5 mln vs 50.2 mln
    Avg shrs 4,895,788 vs 4,951,177
    Note: 1986 year after 819,000 dlr tax provision and 660,000
dlr tax credit
    1985 year after 559,000 dlr credit for anticipated income
tax settlement for 1970 and 331,000 dlr tax provision
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16374>
Shr 51 cts vs not given
    Net 4,661,000 vs 2,499,000
    NOTE: Net includes securities gains of 663,000 dlrs vs
1,173,000 dlrs.
    Company went public in December 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16376>
Shr 11 cts vs 12 cts
    Net 301,820 vs 248,419
    Revs 12.1 mln vs 10.2 mln
    Avg shrs 2,855,966 vs 2,033,881
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16377>
Shr 21 cts vs 18 cts
    Net 2,256,000 vs 1,915,000
    Revs 38.2 mln vs 35.3 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 62 cts vs 56 cts
    Net 6,474,000 vs 5,808,000
    Revs 125.9 mln vs 112.3 mln
    Backlog nine mln vs six mln
    NOTE: Share adjusted for five-for-four stock split in June
1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16380>
Shr primary 88 cts vs 83 cts
    Shr diluted 84 cts vs 78 cts
    Net 8,869,000 vs 8,176,000
    Avg Assets 2.62 billion vs 2.42 billion
    Deposits 2.06 billion vs 1.80 billion
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16385>
Shr 54 cts vs 51 cts
    Net 2,151,000 vs 2,439,000
    Sales 90.3 mln vs 96.8 mln
    Avg shrs 3,960,000 vs 4,782,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16386>
Shr 15 cts vs 14 cts
    Net 2,028,000 vs 1,879,000
    Revs 32.1 mln vs 29.5 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16388>
Shr 34 cts vs 32 cts
    Net 2,891,844 vs 2,666,278
    Revs 13.7 mln vs 12.7 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16390>
Shr 38 cts vs 36 cts prior
    Pay July 31
    Record June 23
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16392>
Mthly div 6.6 cts vs 6.9 cts prior
    Pay April 30
    Record April 15
    NOTE: Franklin michigan Insured Tax-Free Income Fund.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16393>
Mthly div eight cts vs 7.1 cts prior
    Pay April 30
    Record April 15
    NOTE: Franklin High Yield Tax-Free Income Fund.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16394>
Franklin Pennsylvania
Tax-Free Income Fund said its board declared an initial monthly
dividend of six cts per share, payable April 30 to holders of
record April 15.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16396>
Franklin Pennsylvania
Investors U.S. Government Securities Fund Fund said its board
declared an initial monthly dividend of 7.8 cts per share,
payable April 30 to holders of record April 15.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16399>
National Westminster Bank USA said
higher loans and core deposit volumes as well as a substantial
increase in net interest income contributed to a 16 pct rise in
first-quarter earnings to 17.7 mln dlrs from 15.3 mln reported
a year earlier.
    The earnings gain came despite a 1.5 mln dlr reduction of
income as a result of placing Brazilian loans on non-accrual.
    Net interest income totalled 92.5 mln dlrs compared with
91.7 mln dlrs in the same 1986 period as loans, mostly to
middle market businesses, increased by 896 mln dlrs. But some
of these gains were offset by low levels of interest rates.
    Provision for loan losses rose to 13.8 mln dlrs from 13.0
mln a year earlier. At March 31, the allowance for loan losses
was 114.2 mln dlrs versus 94.8 mln at end of March 1986.
    Non-accrual loans rose to 286 mln dlrs from 132 mln at the
end of the first quarter of 1986, largely because 119 mln dlrs
of loans to Brazil were put on non-accrual status.
    The bank said that if these loans remain on non-accrual for
the remainder of the year net income for 1987 would be reduced
by about 4.9 mln dlrs.
    National Westminster Bank USA is a wholly-owned subsidiary
of National Westminster Bank PLC.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16400>
Shr loss 26 cts vs loss one cts
    Net loss 699,000 vs loss 20,617
    Revs 883,000 vs 1.1 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 62 cts vs loss eight cts
    Net loss 1.7 mln vs loss 185,003
    Revs 3.6 mln vs 4.5 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16401>
Qtly div 57-1/2 cts vs 54-1/2 cts prior qtr
    Pay May 15
    Record May 1
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16402>
Carlo De Benedetti's food
company Industrie Buitoni Perugina Spa said it has acquired the
Italian food group Vismara.
    Buitoni said in a statement that Vismara had 1986 sales of
181 billion lire and net profit of 11 billion lire, employs 950
people and has four subsidaries.
    Buitoni did not disclose financial details about the
acquisition. De Benedetti said last week that his group was
negotiating a purchase of an unidentified Italian food firm.
    Vismara primarily produces a variety of pork products. "The
acquisition represents a diversification in a market sector
with annual consumption of 8,500 billion lire," Buitoni said.
    Buitoni also said its consolidated revenue during the first
quarter of this year was 429 billion lire, up 51 pct from the
comparable 1986 period.
    As reported, Buitoni's consolidated revenue rose last year
to 1,623 billion lire from 1,177 billion in 1985. Net profit
rose to 18.5 billion lire from 448 mln lire in 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16405>
Shr 51 cts vs not given
    Net 4,661,000 vs 2,499,000
    NOTE: Includes net securities gains of 663,000 dlrs vs 1.2
mln dlrs from.
    Company converted to stock ownership in December 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16410>
Shr eight cts vs one-half ct
    Net 508,000 vs 21,000
    Revs 7.2 mln vs 7.4 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 28 cts vs 11 cts
    Net 1,523,000 vs 567,000
    Revs 26.2 mln vs 22.6 mln
    Note: period ended February 28.
REUTER
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16417>
Shr 22 cts vs 18 cts
    Net 803,708 vs 642,534
    Sales 21.0 ln vs 18.8 mln
    NOTE: Per share figures adjusted for ten pct stock dividend
paid August 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16421>
Net 646,000 vs 470,000
    Assets 173.0 mln vs 152.9 mln
    NOTE:Quarter ended March 31. The company completed
conversion from mutual to stock form in October 1986, raising
14.1 mln dlrs in net proceeds through the sale of 2.3 mln
shares of common stock.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16422>
Period ended December 28.
    Shr nil vs loss six cts
    Net loss 6,319 vs loss 265,651
    Revs 1,117,778 vs 1,090,001
    Avg shrs 6,874,383 vs 4,323,614
    Year
    Shr nil vs loss 10 cts
    Net profit 4,323 vs loss 432,458
    Revs 4,711,350 vs 4,256,708
    Avg shrs 6,837,871 vs 4,322,816
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16424>
Shr 78 cts vs 86 cts
    Net 265.0 mln vs 283.0 mln
    Revs 3.7 billion vs 3.6 billion
    Avg shrs 329.0 mln vs 319.0 mln
                    
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16428>
Shr 79 cts vs 73 cts
    Net 22,901,000 vs 21,042,000
    Sales 336.1 mln vs 334.1 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16430>
International Business Machines Corp
has started the year aggressively, but industry analysts said
the company still faces some tough rounds in its fight to stop
a two-year earnings slump.
    "I am more impressed with what's happening at IBM than I
have been in a long time," said PaineWebber analyst Stephen
Smith.
    "But they're not out of the woods yet," he added.
    At 1.30 dlrs a share, IBM's first-quarter net income easily
topped most estimates on Wall Street, which had ranged from an
even dollar to 1.20 dlrs.
    Most analysts said they were pleasantly surprised by IBM's
performance. But they indicated that IBM's chances for a full
recovery hinged on several key factors whose impact will not be
felt until later in the year.
    These include the success of IBM's new personal computer
line, introduced two weeks ago, and its 9370 minicomputers,
which will begin volume shipments in July.
    In addition, IBM has said the full benefits of its
early-retirement program and other cost-cutting moves will
emerge as the year progresses.
    Analysts noted that IBM chairman John F. Akers was
relatively more upbeat in assessing the company's outlook than
he has been for nearly a year.
    "Although the worldwide economic situation remains
unsettled, there are some encouraging signs in our business,"
Akers said, pointing to, among other things, higher
first-quarter shipments. "We remain optimistic about the
prospects for both the industry and IBM," he said.
    "Akers was most encouraging," said PaineWebber's Smith.
    A weak dollar, a lower tax rate and strong mainframe
computer sales all contributed to the better-than-expected
first-quarter results, analysts said.
    "Shipments of the 3090 mainframes were very strong in
March," after a weak January and February, said Ulric Weil of
Washington-based Weil and Associates.
    Sales of the top-of-the-line mainframes, commonly called
the Sierras, "bailed out the whole quarter," Weil said, adding,
"If this continues, it augers well for the rest of the year."
REUTER...^M
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16432>
Oper shr loss 20 cts vs loss 63 cts
    Oper net loss 439,000 vs loss 1,347,000
    Sales 6,303,000 vs 5,062,000
    Six mths
    Oper shr loss 43 cts vs loss 1.02 dlrs
    Oper net loss 934,000 vs loss 2,333,000
    Sales 12.1 mln vs 9,878,000
    Note: oper data does not include 1986 losses from
discontinued operations of 60,000 dlrs, or three cts per shr,
in qtr and 151,000 dlrs, or seven cts per shr, in six mths.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16434>
Irving Bank Corp said a six pct drop
in first-quarter net income from a year earlier was largely the
result of placing medium- and long-term loans to borrowers in
Brazil and Ecuador on non-accrual status.
    Income in the first three months fell to 28.60 mln dlrs
from 30.43 mln in the same 1986 period. Earnings per share
dropped to 1.51 dlrs from 1.62.
    Irving put 215 mln dlrs of Brazilian and 33 mln dlrs of
Ecuadorean loans on non-accrual, reducing first-quarter net
income by a total of 4.4 mln dlrs after tax.
    Irving estimates full year net would be reduced by 15.3 mln
dlrs after tax if no cash interest payments are received on
these loans during the remainder of 1987.
    Also adversely affecting earnings were losses on the
trading of securities and higher non-interest expenses,
although these were partly offset by increased trust income,
profits from foreign exchange trading and investment securities
gains, the bank said.
    The allowance for loan losses was 224.8 mln dlrs, up from
185.2 mln a year earlier. The provision for loan losses was
21.8 mln versus 19.5 mln in the first quarter of 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16437>
Qtly div 7-1/2 cts vs six cts prior
    Pay June 3
    Record May 15
    NOTE: Full name Allegheny and Western Energy Corp.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16441>
Shr profit one ct vs loss 28 cts
    Net profit 23,000 vs loss 725,000
    Sales 20.6 mln vs 18.5 mln
    Avg shrs 3,959,011 vs 2,608,571
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16448>
Shr 40 cts vs 31 cts
    Net 5,151,000 vs 4,078,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16454>
Shr 30 cts vs 17 cts
    Net 2,526,000 vs 1,452,000
    Revs 71.9 mln vs 25.2 mln
    Year
    Shr 1.20 dlrs vs 68 cts
    Net 10.2 mln vs 4,738,000
    Revs 291.5 mln vs 83.0 mln
    Avg shrs 8,511,000 vs 6,983,000
    NOTE: Current periods include gain of 299,000 dlrs in qtr
and 1.2 mln dlrs in year from changes in pension accounting.
    Year-ago shr figures restated for 3-for-2 splits paid June
1986 and January 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16458>
Period ended February 28.
    Shr 14 cts vs 10 cts
    Net 741,000 vs 510,000
    Revs 5,980,000 vs 4,836,000
    Six Mths
    Shr 29 cts vs 20 cts
    Net 1,556,000 vs 1,080,000
    Revs 12.2 mln vs 9,214,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16461>
Shr 25 cts vs 23 cts
    Net 670,105 vs 599,107
    Revs 21.4 mln vs 20.1 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16468>
Mthly div 6.5 cts vs 6.5 cts prior
    Pay April 30
    Reord April 15
    NOTE: Franklin Massachusetts Insured Tax-Free Income Fund.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16469>
Mthly div 6.6 cts vs 6.6 cts prior
    Pay April 30
    Reord April 15
    NOTE: Franklin Minnesota Insured Tax-Free Income Fund.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16470>
Mthly div 7.1 cts vs 7.1 cts prior
    Pay April 30
    Reord April 15
    NOTE: Franklin Insured Tax-Free Income Fund.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16471>
Mthly div 6.1 cts vs 6.1 cts prior
    Pay April 30
    Reord April 15
    NOTE: Franklin Ohio Insured Tax-Free Income Fund.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16472>
Mthly div 7.1 cts vs 7.1 cts prior
    Pay April 30
    Reord April 15
    NOTE: Franklin Puerto Rico Tax-Free Income Fund.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16473>
Mthly div 6.5 cts vs 6.5 cts prior
    Pay April 30
    Reord April 15
    NOTE: Franklin California Insured Tax-Free Income Fund.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16476>
Shr 13 cts vs 47 cts
    Net 13,492,000 vs 46,417,000
    Revs 720.2 mln vs 793.6 mln
    Avg shrs 99,085,000 vs 96,804,000
    NOTE: Per-share results reflect payment of preferred
dividend requirements
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16478>
Shr 15 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 8,753,000 vs 7,804,000
    Avg shrs 32.6 mln vs 23.2 mln
    NOTE: Includes gains of 4.1 mln dlrs or 12 cts vs 3.3 mln
dlrs or 15 cts from tax loss carryforwards.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16480>
Ended Feb 28
    Shr loss 29 cts vs profit 10 cts
    Net loss 2,733,000 vs profit 911,000
    Revs 21.5 mln vs 18.5 mln
    Six mths
    Shr loss 23 cts vs profit 26 cts
    Net loss 2,154,000 vs profit 2,445,000
    Revs 37.8 mln vs 37.7 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16481>
GTE Corp said the decline in its
first quarter net income reflects a 121 mln dlr loss from its
50 pct share ownership of U.S. Sprint's operations.
    This loss is an increase from the 60 mln dlrs loss reported
on operations GTE owned a year ago quarter and prior to
entering a joint venture with United Telecommunications &lt;UT> in
July 1986. Under the joint venture, each company owns 50 pct of
Sprint.
    Earlier, the company reported net income declined to 265.0
mln dlrs from 283.0 mln dlrs in the first quarter a year ago.
    Theodore Brophy, chairman of GTE said, "we expect US
Sprint's losses to diminish later this year as customer traffic
migrates to the new fiber-optic network for long distance
telecommunications.
    The reason for the higher losses reflect lower prices as
well as higher operating costs related, in part, to the
fraudalent use of the network.
    Operating income of its telephone operations, which account
for 91 pct of the total, rose eight pct to 736.0 mln dlrs. 
Revenues from telephone operations rose eight pct to 2.9
billion dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16483>
Goodyear Tire and Rubber Co said it
expects to sell its Celeron Corp oil and gas subsidiary for
about two billion dlrs in about two months.
    After the company's annual meeting, Rober Mercer,
Goodyear's chairman and chief executive officer, also said 
Goodyear expects to report a profit of more than one dlr a
share from continuing operations in the first quarter. In the
same year-ago period, Goodyear reported a loss of 64 cents a
share from continuing operations.
    Mercer said about seven companies are interested in buying
Celeron and they may form a consortium to buy the unit.
    Celeron consists of oil and gas reserves and an almost
complete pipeline linking drilling operations in Santa Barbara,
Calif., to Texas refineries. Mercer said Celeron's reserves
would not be sold separately from the pipeline.
    Concerning speculation that two billion dlr price tag for
Celeron was too high, Mercer said "There is no fire sale going
on here and we can continue to keep Celeron as a profitable
operation throughout the year."
    Mercer said the expected 1st quarter operating profit was
based on the new share total after Goodyear's share repurchase
last year to fend off Sir James Goldsmith's hostile takeover
bid.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16486>
Shr 44 cts vs not given
    Net 3,499,000 vs 2,295,000
    NOTE: Converted to stock ownership Aug 1, 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16487>
Net 12.8 mln vs 12.2 mln
    Loans 2.8 billion vs 2.5 billion
    Deposits 3.2 billion vs 2.9 billion
    Assets 4.5 billion vs 3.8 billion
    NOTE: American National Corp is a wholly-owned subsidiary
of First Chicago Corp.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16488>
AB Astra &lt;ASTS.ST> said it was
proposing a two-for-one share split and the issue in June of a
new series of foreign-targeted shares with lower voting rights
as part of a strategy to internationalise the company.
    The deal, which requires Swedish government approval, will
raise the percentage of foreign voting rights allowed in the
medical group to 22.5 pct from 20 pct, Astra said.
    An extraordinary meeting of Astra's board proposed the
creation of B free shares open to foreign buyers with one tenth
of a voting right per share. At present, Astra stock consists
of one series of restricted shares and one of free shares.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16490>
Net 17.7 mln vs 15.3 mln
    NOTE: &lt;National Westminster Bank PLC> subsidiary.
    Loan loss provision 13.8 mln vs 13.0 mln
    Investment securities gains 2,003,000 dlrs vs 169,000 dlrs.
    Figures in dollars.
    Corrects name to subsidiary from parent.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16492>
Shr 76 cts vs 51 cts
    Net 5,952,000 vs 4,374,000
    Avg shrs 7,837,511 vs 7,446,356
    NOTE: Includes gains of 1.3 mln dlrs vs 239,000 dlrs from
benefit of tax loss carryforwards.
    Includes operations of Bank of Hartford, acquired Feb 23.
    Year-ago shr figures reflect 2-for-1 split on April 15,
1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16495>
Aristech Chemical Corp chairman and
chief executive officer Thomas Marshall said analysts'
estimates of its 1987 fiscal year earnings of 2.25 dlrs to 2.50
dlrs per share are about right.
    Addressing a gathering of analysts and institutional
investors, Marshall also said that analysts' estimates of its
first qtr earnings - 50 cts to 55 cts per share - were "in the
ballpark."
    Marshall said the full year estimates represent more than a
32 pct increase over 1986's fiscal year net of 1.70 dlrs per
share.
    He also said the first quarter estimates were 70 pct higher
than 1986's first quarter net of 29 cts per share.
Marshall attributibuted the first quarter earnings growth to
several factors, including sustained demand in Aristech's major
domestic markets and continued growth in exports.
    Aristech plans to spend approximately 200 mln dlrs over in
capital investments over the next three years, Marshall added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16496>
United Telecommunications Inc
said its lower first quarter earnings included a loss of
63,055,000 dlrs from its equity in US Sprint.
    US Sprint was formed July 1, 1986, as a partnership which
combined United Telecommunications' long distance voice and
data operations with those of GTE Corp &lt;GTE>.
    Earlier, United Telecommunications reported first-quarter
earnings of 12.6 mln dlrs, or 13 cts a share compared to 46.4
mln dlrs, or 47 cts a share a year ago. Revenues declined to
720.2 mln dlrs from 793.6 mln dlrs.
    United Telecommunications said the transition of US
Sprint's nationwide fiberoptic network is proceeding ahead of
schedule.
    It said the transition to the fiber network from interim
networks would not only reduce operating costs in the second
half of 1987, but also assist in controlling unauthorized
network use.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16502>
Brand Companies Inc said it expects to
report a 1987 first quarter loss of 15 to 17 cts a share on
revenues of 20 to 22 mln dlrs.
    In the 1986 first quarter, Brand reported earnings of 21
cts on revenues of 28.5 mln dlrs.
    No reason was given for the expected loss.
    Final quarterly results will be reported toward the end of
the month or the beginning of May, a company spokesman said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16518>
Qtly div five cts vs five cts prior
    Pay June Two
    Record April 27
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16522>
Shr 1.46 dlrs vs 66 cts
    Net 1,514,312 vs 714,670
    Sales 62.1 mln vs 57.2 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16527>
Personal Computer Products
Inc said it expects to report a loss of about 195,000 dlrs in
its third quarter ended March 31, compared to a year ago loss
in the quarter of 169,000 dlrs.
    It said revenues in the quarter are expected to be about
1,200,000 dlrs, compared to 564,000 dlrs a year earlier.
    For the nine months ended March 31, Personal Computer
expects a net loss of about 325,000 dlrs, compared to a loss of
584,000 dlrs the previous year. Revenues in the nine months are
expected to be about 3,880,000 dlrs, compared to 1,828,000 a
year ago. The company said it will report its earnings soon.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16533>
Shr 1.59 dlrs vs 54 cts
    Net 43.3 mln vs 13.9 mln
    Revs 566.7 mln vs 487.8 mln
    Avg shrs 27.2 mln vs 25.9 mln
    NOTE: 1986 figures restated for adoption of financial
accounting standards board statement 87 "employer's accounting
for pensions." 
    Net 1986 and 1987 includes 900,000 dlrs of investment tax
credits in 1987, and 3.1 mln dlrs in 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16538>
Shr 18 cts
    Net 1,948,000
    Revs 3,397,000
    Note: Company began operating on February 20, 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16545>
Shr 1.36 dlrs vs 1.13 dlrs
    Net 78.3 mln vs 51.6 mln
    Avg shrs 53,698,000 vs 43,449,000
    Loans 35.89 billion vs 24.66 billion
    Deposits 31.71 billion vs 19.64 billion
    Assets 43.98 billion vs 28.60 billion
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16546>
Shr 1.78 dlrs vs 1.12 dlrs
    Shr diluted 1.72 dlrs vs 1.08 dlrs
    Net 20,029,000 vs 13,059,000
    Avg shrs 10,598,481 vs 10,430,649
    Loans 843.4 mln vs 727.5 mln
    Deposits 8.30 billion vs 7.82 billion
    Assets 9.89 billion vs 9.27 billion
    NOTE: Per-share results reflect payment of preferred
dividends
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16549>
Champion Products Inc said the
two-for-one stock split it declared February 26 will be payable
April 24 to shareholders of record April One.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16551>
Periods ended Feb 28
    Shr 22 cts vs 30 cts
    Net 549,000 vs 747,000
    Sales 8.4 mln vs nine mln
    Avg shrs 2,550,784 vs 2,468,964
    Nine mths
    Shr 69 cts vs 63 cts
    Net 1,749,000 vs 1,554,000
    Sales 23.6 mln vs 21.3 mln
    Avg shrs 2,543,711 vs 2,453,520
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16554>
Shr 18 cts vs six cts
    Net 1.7 mln vs 610,000
    Revs 68.7 mln vs 63.5 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16561>
3rd qtr Feb 28
    Shr profit 14 cts vs loss four cts
    Net profit 311,994 vs loss 66,858
    Revs 2,229,273 vs 645,753
    Nine mths
    Shr profit 51 cts vs profit two cts
    Net profit 1,126,673 vs profit 42,718
    Revs 7,277,340 vs 1,378,372
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16568>
Health and Rehabilitation
Properties Trust said it declared its initial dividend of 55
cts per share for the quarter ending March 31, 1987.
    The dividend is payable May 20 to shareholders of record
April 20, 1987, it said.
    The dividend includes five cts attributable to the period
between Dec 23 and 31, 1986, and 50 cts attributable to the
first quarter of 1987, ending March 31, 1987.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16569>
Shr 46 cts vs 58 cts
    Net 29.0 mln vs 37.9 mln
    Revs 251.2 mln vs 254.2 mln
    Avg shrs 57.9 mln vs 56.0 mln
    12 mths
    Shr 1.36 dlrs vs 2.37 dlrs
    Net 93.7 mln vs 152.3 mln
    Revs 981.9 mln vs 1.03 billion
    Avg shrs 57.2 mln vs 55.3 mln
    NOTE: 1987 12 mth net includes 43.7 mln dlr charge due to
December 1986 provision for coal mining operations refund.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16574>
CompuTrac Inc said it expects first
quarter earnings to be down 50 to 60 pct from a year ago.
    In last year's first quarter ended April 30, CompuTrac
earned 379,000 dlrs on revenues of 2.4 mln dlrs.
    The company said sales commitments on hand are about 50 pct
above those of a year ago, but system sales revenues are
recognized at shipment, and only 30 to 40 pct of sales
commitments in hand will ship during the period.
    It said its outlook for the year remains unchanged.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16584>
Shr 82 cts vs 72 cts
    Net 44.6 mln vs 38.9 mln
    Avg shrs 54.3 mln vs 52.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16585>
Shr 1.35 dlrs vs 1.53 dlrs
    Net 42,137,000 vs 47,792,000
    Loans 10.26 billion vs 9.97 billion
    Deposits 7.65 billion vs 7.63 billion
    Assets 11.84 billion vs 12.00 billion
    Note: Current qtr figures include 3.3 mln dlr charge 
resulting from penalties for prepayment of FHLB borrowings.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16587>
Oper shr 96 cts vs 79 cts
    Oper net 43.7 mln vs 36.4 mln
    Sales 1.48 billion vs 1.15 billion
    NOTE: 1987 sales includes operations of Sperry Aerospace.
    1986 operating net excludes a charge from discontinued
operations of 10.2 mln dlrs or 22 cts a share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16588>
The Environmental Protection Agency's
five to 10 mln dlr suit against a Browning-Ferris Industries
Inc &lt;BFI> unit, CECOS International Inc, caused the stock to
drop today, analysts said.
    The stock has fallen 2-1/4 to 56-1/8 so far today, after
the news about the suit was released this morning.
    "It's potentially a big suit and investors feel that its
not good to go against regulators," Kenneth Ch'u-K'ai Leung, a
Smith Barney analyst said.
    "What investors are actually saying by selling off some BFI
shares is the cloud over this industry is the threat that the
EPA will get tough on waste management companies," Willard
Brown, senior analyst for First Albany Corp.
    "Investors are saying to themselves that waste management
companies have that kind of exposure to regulatory suits,"
Brown said. Brown said if the suit were settled for 10 mln dlrs
it would have an impact on Browning Ferris earnings.
    Leung said, however, that Browning-Ferris has adequate cash
reserves to cover the fine. "It would have no impact on
earnings whatsoever," he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16590>
Shr loss 95 cts vs loss nine cts
    Net loss 6,882,497 vs loss 513,153
    Revs 11.3 mln vs 10.0 mln
    Avg shrs 7,251,000 vs 6,017,000
    NOTE: 1986 net includes 1,600,000 dlrs in increased
provisions for uncollectible receivables from affiliates, lower
recoverable value of inventories and writeoffs of capitalized
costs on discontinued projects, 1,700,000 dlr provision for
resolution of shareholder class action suit and gain 1,300,000
dlrs from repurchase of manufacturing equipment.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16592>
Shr six cts vs three cts
    Net 152,360 vs 94,141
    Revs 4,073,911 vs 4,116,333
    NOTE: International Research and Development Corp is full
name of company.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16598>
Shr six cts vs three cts
    Net 152,360 vs 94,141
    Revs 4,073,911 vs 4,116,333
    Note: Full name is International Research and Development
Corp.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16600>
Honeywell Inc said a gain of
20.1 pct in its 1987 first quarter operating earnings was the
result of cost cutting efforts which began last year.
    Honeywell reported 1987 first quarter operating earnings
rose to 43.7 mln dlrs or 96 cts a share from 36.4 mln dlrs or
79 cts in the same period a year ago.
    Better operating results in each of the company's three 
sectors offset higher interest costs in the first quarter due
to financing the December acquisition of Sperry Aerospace and
the sharing of the Federal Systems subsidiary pre-tax profit
with Honeywell Bull Inc, Honeywell said.
    "Our first quarter results show clear benefits of our
restructuring," chairman Edson Spencer said. "All of our
businesses are producing better results than last year, even
though we do not see significant improvement in the external
market environment," he said.
    Total orders in the first quarter were up substantially,
with a sharp increase in aerospace and defense orders in
addition to those of the new Sperry Aerospace group, it said.
    Domestic industrial automation and control orders were
modestly higher than the same period in 1986, it said.
    Orders in Honeywell's home and building automation and
control business were flat in the U.S. and up in international
markets, it said.
    International orders increased, with the greatest strength
in Europe, Honeywell said.
    The company said that by year-end 1987, it intends to
complete the repurchase of 3.3 mln shares remaining of a five
mln share buyback program which began in 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16602>
Shr loss 34 cts
    Net loss 17.1 mln vs profit 10.1 mln
    Revs 106.2 mln vs 101.2 mln
    Six mths
    Shr loss 28 cts
    Net loss 14.4 mln vs profit 11.6 mln
    Revs 237.2 mln vs 179.5 mln
    Note: Company said year ago per share not given as not
comparable due to certain allocations of expenses from the
Turner Entertainment Group, not made in subsequent periods.
1987 results reflect the TBS merger agreement and operations of
the company as independent agent. 1986 data includes
extraordinary tax loss carryforward gains of 1,185,000 dlrs in
qtr and six mths.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16608>
Shr 90 cts vs 30 cts
    Net 22.9 mln vs 7,567,000
    Sales 323.0 mln vs 272.1 mln
    Note: per share figures reflect April 25, 1986
five-to-three stock split. Full year figures not available.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16611>
American Century Corp said it
has restated its earnings for the fiscal year ended June 30,
1986 to provide an additional five mln dlrs to its loan loss
allowance, causing a restated year-end net loss of 14,937,000
dlrs, instead of 9,937,000 dlrs.
    The company said the change came after talks with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the company's judgement
in considering the five mln dlrs collectible.
    In the note to its 1986 financial statement, American
Century said it considered the five mln dlrs collectible,
making its loan loss provision less than required.
    The company said in spite of the SEC decision, it still
feels its allowance for possible loan losses at June 30, 1986
was adequate and that it has considered all relevant
information to determine the collectibility of the five mln dlr
receivable.
    But, it said continued disagreement with the SEC staff
would not be in its best interest.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16615>
Shr loss 28 cts vs profit three cts
    Net loss 18.9 mln vs profit 2.1 mln
    Assets 16.7 billion vs 19.8 billion
    Deposits 14.1 billion vs 16.2 billion
    Loans 12.2 billion vs 14.4 billion
    Note: Net includes securities gains of 20.4 mln vs 13.1
mln. Net charge-offs totaled 41.9 mln vs 42.2 mln, while
provisions for loan losses was 56.6 mln vs 52.2 mln.
Non-performing assets totaled 1.24 billion vs 799 mln.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16619>
Shr 1.74 dlrs vs 1.89 dlrs
    Net 35.3 mln vs 38.2 mln
    Assets 24.5 billion vs 21.8 billion
    Deposits 16.9 billion vs 16.1 billion
    Loans 18.9 billion vs 16.0 billion
    NOTE: Qtr includes pre-tax provision of 9.7 mln dlrs,
resulting in 5.7 mln dlrs after-tax loss, for reserve against
interest due on medium- and long-term Brazilian loans.
    Net investment gains for the qtr were 2.2 mln dlrs versus a
gain of 15.5 mln in last year's first quarter.
    Provision for loan losses in the quarter was 35.3 mln dlrs
vs 44.1 mln dlrs the prior first quarter.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16623>
Shr 1.04 dlrs vs 83 cts
    Net 51.7 mln vs 39.4 mln
      
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16625>
Qtr ended Feb 28
    Shr 35 cts vs 38 cts
    Net 1,682,047 vs 1,817,820
    Revs 36.1 mln vs 29.9 mln
    Six mths
    Shr 73 cts vs 75 cts
    Net 3,518,515 vs 3,606,689
    Revs 74.1 mln vs 62.7 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16628>
Shr 83 cts vs 94 cts
    Net 41.2 mln vs 45.5 mln
    Revs 428.4 mln vs 429.6
    Avg shrs 49.8 mln vs 48.1 mln
    12 months
    Shr 3.59 dlrs vs 3.53 dlrs
    Net 176.9 mln vs 164.4 mln
    Revs 1.87 billion vs 1.70 billion
    Avg shrs 49.3 mln vs 46.6
    NOTE: 1986 first quarter profits restated down one cent a
share as a result of previously reported pooling of interests
merger with Mid-Continent Life Insurance Co.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16633>
Shr 37 cts vs 27 cts
    Net 1,194,000 vs 870,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16635>
Shr 1.21 dlrs vs 1.80 dlrs
    Net 16.9 mln vs 24.6 mln
    Revs 230.9 mln vs 289.6 mln
    12 mths
    Shr 1.97 dlrs vs 2.37 dlrs
    Net 27.6 mln vs 32.4 mln
    Revs 648.6 mln vs 875.7 mln
    NOTE: company reports earnings qtrly and includes the
previous 12 mths figures.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16638>
National City Bancorp said
directors at the annual meeting declared a 10 pct stock
dividend payable May 22, record April 24.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16641>
Shr 25 cts vs 23 cts
    Net 488,000 vs 443,000
    Assets 289.3 mln vs 213.9 mln
    Deposits 254 mln vs 188.5 mln
    Loans 156.4 mln vs 123.4 mln
    NOTE: Per share amounts adjusted for stock dividends.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16642>
Shr primary 87 cts vs 83 cts
    Shr diluted 85 cts vs 74 cts
    Net 35.9 mln vs 30.6 mln
    Avg shrs 41.0 mln vs 34.2 mln
    Assets 13.95 billion vs 12.34 billion
    Deposits 10.21 billion vs 9.24 billion
    Loans 9.22 billion vs 7.89 billion
    Return on assets 1.07 pct vs 1.05 pct
    Note: Net includes securities gains of seven cts a shr vs
two cts.
    Net includes loan loss provision of 20.2 mln vs 12.6 mln.
    Net charge-offs totaled 15.6 mln, brining the loan loss
reserve at the end of the qtr to 120.5 mln.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16644>
Bank of New England Corp reported
that pro forma first quarter earnings, which reflect its 
combined operations under a pending merger with the Conifer
Group, rose to 60 mln dlrs, or 89 cts a share, from 49 mln
dlrs, or 75 cts a share in 1986.
    The merger is expected to close on April 22.
    Earlier, Bank of New England reported first quarter net
income, not taking the merger into account, rose to 1.04 dlrs
from 83 cts a share.
    NOTE:First quarter of 1986 does not include restatement
from recent acquisitions. After restatement, net income was
39.8 mln dlrs.
    The 1987 pro forma first quarter results include
nonrecurring merger expenses of 4.7 mln dlrs.
    Excluding these expenses, growth in operating expenses of
the combined companies was reduced from 14 pct to 12 pct during
the first quarter.
    Loans and leases increased 34 pct to 19.5 billion dlrs and
deposits grew 14 pct to 19.6 billion dlrs.
    The provision for possible credit losses was 14.4 mln dlrs
in the first quarter compared with 19.7 mln dlrs last year.
    Net charge-offs were 10.9 mln dlrs, down from 12.8 mln dlrs
in 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16645>
Qtr ended March 31
    Net 268,760 vs 235,274
    Revs 721,882 vs 575,806
    Six mths
    Net 472,642 vs 464,042
    Revs 1,372,453 vs 1,059,462
    Note: per share data not given, as not comparable to net
figures, which are before depreciation.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16653>
Qtly div 40 cts vs 40 cts prior
    Pay May 15
    Record May one.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16654>
Qtr ended March 31
    Shr 88 cts
    Net 973,000 vs 713,000
    Six mths
    Shr 1.35 dlrs
    Net 1,497,000 vs 1,464,000
    Note: Bank went public on Dec 29, 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16655>
Shr 39 cts vs 32 cts
    Net 2,524,000 vs 2,046,00
    Sales 28.5 mln vs 23.5 mln
    Nine Mths
    Shr 1.01 dlrs vs 1.09 dlrs
    Net 6,323,000 vs 6,990,000
    Sales 80.6 mln vs 68.8 mln
    Note: Current qtr and nine mth net include 447,000 dlr gain
on asset sales.
    Prior nine mth net includes 3.4 mln dlr asset sale gain.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16662>
Shr 61 cts vs 55 cts
    Net 695,252 vs 633,329
    Loans 125.2 mln vs 89.9 mln
    Deposits 209.2 mln vs 172.9 mln
    Assets 245.5 mln vs 207.5 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16664>
Shr 1.12 dlrs vs 1.27 dlrs
    Net 15,000,000 vs 11,900,000
    Avg shrs 9,642,403 vs 8,322,245
    Loans 4.57 billion vs 3.29 billion
    Deposits 6.80 billion vs 4.75 billion
    Assets 7.75 billion vs 5.37 billion
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16665>
Shr loss 10 cts vs loss 19 cts
    Net loss 1,348,000 vs loss 2,410,000
    Revs 11.2 mln vs 22.3 mln
    Acg shrs 13.8 mln vs 12.9 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16668>
Shr 35 cts vs 29 cts
    Net 3,732,000 vs 3,131,000
    Assets 1.09 billion vs 861.2 mln
    Deposits 817.7 mlnvs 705.7 mln
    Loans 704.1 mln vs 553.4 mln
    Note: 1986 results restated to reflect acquisition of
United Banks Corp.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16670>
Shr 41 cts vs 31 cts
    Net 4,568,656 vs 3,461,674
    Assets 1.7 billion vs 1.4 billion
    Deposits 1.46 billion vs 1.19 billion
    Note: 1986 results restated to reflect a 100 pct stock
dividend.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16672>
Shr 28 cts vs 29 cts
    Net 10,978,000 vs 11,916,000
    Revs 153.5 mln vs 163.4 mln
    NOTE: Full name is Central Illinois Public Service Co
    Per-share results reflect payment of preferred dividends
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16678>
Shr five cts vs five cts prior qtr
    Pay May 15
    Record April 22
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16679>
Shr 15 cts vs 15 cts prior qtr
    Pay May 18
    Record April 27
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16687>
Shr 49 cts vs 50 cts
    Net 3,922,533 vs 3,979,580
    Note: Full name Montgomery Street Income Securities Inc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16698>
Shr 68 cts vs 68 cts
    Net 53.9 mln vs 53.2 mln
    Assets 26.5 billion vs 22.2 billion
    Loans 15.7 billion vs vs 13.3 billion
    Deposits 13.8 billion vs vs 11.6 billion
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16705>
Shr seven cts vs 24 cts
    Net 1,114,000 vs 3,676,000
    Revs 43.6 mln vs 41.2 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 25 cts vs 64 cts
    Net 3,952,000 vs 9,614,000
    Revs 118.6 mln vs 119.9 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16708>
Shr 27 cts vs shr 18 cts
    Net 477,000 vs 305,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16711>
Convergent Technologies Inc
said it expects to report in the first quarter a loss more than
twice the size of the 4.8-mln-dlr loss reported in the fourth
quarter of 1986.
    Convergent reported a first quarter 1986 profit of
2,100,000 dlrs, or five cts per share.
    The company said results declined in the quarter both in
its traditional OEM business and its business systems group.
    The anticipated loss reflects lower than expected operating
margins, start-up costs for new product manufacturing and
higher than planned expenses.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16715>
Shr 30 cts vs 25 cts
    Net 10.5 mln vs 8,697,589
    Revs 71.9 mln vs 64.9 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16717>
Shr 32 cts vs 38 cts
    Qtrly div 35 cts vs 35 cts prior
    Net 731,055 vs 865,117
    NOTE: dividend payable May 20 to shareholders of record
April 24.
    
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16719>
Period ended Feb 28
    Shr loss 34 cts vs loss 58 cts
    Net loss 1,252,000 vs 2,145,000
    Revs 4,539,000 vs 3,504,000
    SIX MTHS
    Shr loss 66 cts vs loss 86 cts
    Net loss 2,428,000 vs loss 3,163,000
    Revs 9,033,000 vs 8,192,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16725>
Shr 1.18 dlrs vs 1.15 dlrs
    Net 19.7 mln vs 19.3 mln
    Assets 10.05 billion vs 9.62 billion
    Deposits 8.56 billion vs 8.04 billion
    Net loans 6.95 billion vs 6.71 billion
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16726>
Qtly dividend 73 cts vs 73 cts
    Pay June 10
    Record May 15
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16735>
Shr 63 cts vs 47 cts
    Net 16.8 mln vs 12.4 mln
    Sales 248.6 mln vs 233.3 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16792>
Federated Guaranty corp said
its board declared a two-for-one stock split and raised the
quarterly dividend to 6-1/2 cts per share post-split from six
cts, both payable June One, record May 15.
    The company said shareholders at the annual meeting
approved an increase in authorized common shares to 19 mln from
10 mln and a name change to Alfa Corp.  It said the name change
should take effect next week, along with a NASDAQ ticker symbol
change to &lt;ALFA.O>.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16795>
Shr 92 cts vs 1.16 dlrs
    Qtly div 10 cts vs 10 cts prior
    Net 5,700,000 vs 5,400,000
    Avg shrs 6,100,000 vs 3,700,000
    NOTE: Dividend pay May 15, record May One.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16797>
March 31 end
    Shr 65 cts vs 51 cts
    Net 1,016,738 vs 526,057
    Avg shrs 1,561,774 vs 1,035,162
    1st half
    Shr 1.31 dlrs vs 1.09 dlrs
    Net 2,050,911 vs 1,130,462
    Avg shrs 1,561,643 vs 1,035,162
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16798>
Shr loss 29 cts vs loss two cts
    Net loss 5,168,000 vs loss 410,000
    Revs 46.5 mln vs 29.4 mln
    Avg shrs 17.6 mln vs 17.1 mln
    NOTE: Net includes tax credits of 3,938,000 dlrs vs 394,000
dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16799>
Shr two cts vs one ct
    Net 42,000 vs 26,000
    Sales 15.6 mln vs 15.2 mln
    NOTE: 1987 net includes gain 63,000 dlrs from change in
pension accounting.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16800>
Shr 53 cts vs 48 cts
    Net 873,000 vs 773,000
    Sales 19.5 mln vs 20.0 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16801>
Shr 18 cts vs 15 cts
    Net 387,000 vs 240,000
    Sales 9,346,000 vs 8,579,000
    Avg shrs 2,200,000 vs 1,600,000
    1st half
    Shr 36 cts vs 26 cts
    Net 734,000 vs 410,000
    Sales 18.4 mln vs 17.2 mln
    Avg shrs 2,051,648 vs 1,600,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16802>
1st qtr
    Shr 16 cts vs 10 cts
    Net 808,850 vs 297,266
    Revs 13.9 mln vs 7,588,280
    Avg shrs 4,926,566 vs 3,123,411
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16803>
Shr 84 cts vs 75 cts
    Net 475,000 vs 425,000
    Total income 7,248,000 vs 7,286,000
    1st half
    Shr 1.61 dlrs vs 1.50 dlrs
    Net 911,000 vs 847,000
    Total income 14.6 mln vs 14.2 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16804>
Oper shr loss five cts vs loss nil
    Ope net loss 1,211,000 vs loss 2,000
    Revs 6,626,000 vs 11.0 mln
    Avg shrs 23.2 mln vs 23.5 mln
    Year
    Oper shr profit 12 cts vs loss one ct
    Oper net profit 2,632,000 vs loss 240,000
    Revs 34.8 mln vs 52.0 mln
    Avg shrs 22.9 mln vs 23.4 mln
    NOTE: Net excludes extraordinary tax charges 1,919,000 dlrs
vs 49,000 dlrs in quarter and credits 1,431,000 dlrs vs
2,335,000 dlrs in year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16806>
Shr profit two cts vs loss two cts
    Net profit 251,000 vs loss 222,000
    NOTE: Pretax net profit 295,000 dlrs vs loss 256,000 dlrs.
    Charge against earnings for loan losses 1,743,000 dlrs vs
2,743,000 dlrs and net chargeoffs 1,636,000 dlrs vs 3,865,000
dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16807>
2nd qtr Feb 28
    Shr loss two cts vs loss eight cts
    Net loss 33,482 vs loss 163,130
    Revs 143,961 vs 287,131
    1st half
    Shr loss 14 cts vs loss eight cts
    Net loss 276,238 vs loss 149,407
    Revs 273,737 vs 679,860
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16808>
Shr loss two cts vs profit 10 cts
    Net loss 76,000 vs profit 357,000
    Sales 8,987,000 vs 15.3 mln
    1st half
    Shr loss 12 cts vs loss seven cts
    Net loss 440,000 vs loss 246,000
    Sales 13.2 mln vs 20.6 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16809>
Shr 20 cts vs 16 cts
    Net 1,507,000 vs 1,147,000
    Sales 13.8 mln vs 9,608,000
    Backlog 52.1 mln vs 37.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16810>
Shr 95 cts vs 83 cts
    Shr diluted 89 cts vs 80 cts
    Net 2,297,842 vs 1,782,764
    Avg shrs 2,408,332 vs 2,160,000
    Avg shrs diluted 2,573,908 vs 2,326,667
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16812>
Oper shr 12 cts vs five cts
    Oper net 1,715,000 vs 730,000
    Sales 12.1 mln vs 7,719,000
    Avg shrs 13.9 mln vs 13.7 mln
    Nine mths
    Oper shr 32 cts vs 18 cts
    Oper net 4,379,000 vs 2,266,000
    Sales 32.8 mln vs 23.3 mln
    Avg shrs 13.8 mln vs 12.4 mln
    NOTE: prior year net excludes extraordinary credits of
340,000 dlrs in quarter and 1,190,000 dlrs in nine mths.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16813>
Shr 44 cts vs 11 cts
    Net 1,328,000 vs 344,000
    Sales 23.0 mln vs 12.3 mln
    NOTE: Share adjusted for three-for-two stock split in
February 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16814>
Shr 16 cts vs 16 cts
    Net 566,000 vs 563,000
    Sales 14.2 mln vs 9,831,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16815>
Oper shr 16 cts vs 11 cts
    Oper net 660,000 vs 447,000
    Revs 9,936,000 vs 9,005,000
    NOTE: 1986 net excludes 381,000 dlr tax credit.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16816>
Shr 20 cts vs 16 cts
    Net 973,000 vs 775,000
    Revs 12.8 mln vs 9,678,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16817>
Shr loss 24 cts vs loss 20 cts
    Net loss 1,718,000 vs loss 1,483,000
    Sales 7,266,000 vs 6,490,000
    Year
    Shr loss 1.83 dlrs vs loss 53 cts
    Net loss 13.2 mln vs loss 3,833,000
    Sales 19.1 mln vs 29.5 mln
    NOTE: 1986 year net includes pretax realized loss on
secureity transaction of 4,124,000 dlrs.
    Net includes tax credits of 751,000 dlrs vs 606,000 dlrs in
quarter and 1,163,000 dlrs vs 2,289,000 dlrs in year.
    1986 net both periods includes gain 1,887,000 dlrs from
pension plan termination.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16818>
Shr 17 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 673,000 vs 514,000
    Revs 18.4 mln vs 17.2 mln
    NOTE: Share adjusted for five-for-four stock split in
January 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16819>
Oper shr 14 cts vs 10 cts
    Oper net 711,000 vs 517,000
    Sales 11.2 mln vs 11.1 mln
    NOTE: 1986 net excludes 84,000 dlr gain from discontinued
machinery division.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16824>
Bush Industries Inc said it
expects higher earnings and sales for 1987, partly due to
efficiencies in manufacturing that have improved its margins.
    The company reported first quarter earnings of 1,328,000
dlrs, up from 344,000 dlrs a year before, on sales of 23.0 mln
dlrs, up from 12.3 mln dlrs.  For all of last year it earned
2,506,000 dlrs on sales of 65.4 mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16825>
Shr 13 cts vs three cts
    Net 617,000 vs 112,000
    Sales 31.3 mln vs 11.4 mln
    Avg shrs 4,877,057 vs 3,310,585
    NOTE: 1987 net includes 87,000 dlr tax credit.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16826>
J. Bildner and Sons Inc said it expects
improved earnings and sales in the current fiscal year.
    The company reported earnings for the year ended January 25
of 617,000 dlrsl up from 112,000 dlrs a year before, on sales
of 31.3 mln dlrs, up from 11.4 mln dlrs.
    Bildner also said it plans to offer 25 mln dlrs in
Eurodollar convertible subordinated debentures due 2002 through
underwriters led by PaineWebber Group Inc &lt;PWJ> and Kidder,
Peabody and Co Inc, with proceeds to be used to finance
expansion and reduce debt.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16834>
Qtly div 21 cts vs 21 cts prior
    Pay June 10
    Record May Eight
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16835>
Qtly div 10-1/2 cts vs 10-1/2 cts prior
    Pay July One
    Record June 10    
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16836>
Qtly div 25 cts vs 25 cts prior
    Pay May 20
    Record May Eight  
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16837>
Qtly div two cts vs two cts prior
    Pay May 22
    Record May Eight  
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16838>
Qtly div 64 cts vs 64 cts prior
    Pay May 15
    Record April 30   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16839>
Qtly div 70 cts vs 70 cts prior
    Pay June Eight
    Record May Eight  
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16848>
Shr loss nil vs profit six cts
    Net loss 89,000 vs profit 1,136,000
    Revs 105.0 mln vs 97.,3 mln
    1st half
    Shr loss two cts vs profit 21 cts
    Net loss 396,000 vs profit 3,790,000
    Revs 212.1 mln vs 194.8 mln
    Avg shrs 18.1 mln vs 18.3 mln
    NOTE: Current quarter net includes 77,000 dlr tax credit.
    Current half net includes reversal of 2,622,000 dlrs of
investment tax credits.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16850>
Shr loss five cts
    NEt loss 90,066
    Sales 328,127
    NOTE: Company began opeations in April 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16858>
Shr one ct vs 14 cts
    Qtly div 11-1/2 cts vs 11-1/2 cts prior
    Net 411,000 vs 5,299,000
    Revs 88.5 mln vs 108.4 mln
    NOTE: Dividend pay May 18, record May One.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16865>
Shr 1.31 dlrs vs 1.03 dlrs
    Net 123 mln vs 95 mln
    Revs 831 mln vs 764 mln
    Avg shrs 94 mln vs 91 mln
    12 mths
    Shr 4.38 dlrs vs 3.68 dlrs
    Net 409 mln vs 331 mln
    Revs 3.14 billion vs 2.77 billion
    Avg shrs 93 mln vs 90 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16884>
Qtly div four cts vs four cts prior
    Pay May 13
    Record April 29
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16885>
Rowan Cos Inc said it expects to incur
substantial losses in 1987 despite expected improvement in
drilling levels in the Gulf of Mexico and the North Sea.
    The offshore and onshore drilling company today reported a
first quarter loss of 18.6 mln dlrs after a 12.2 mln dlr tax
credit, compared with a year-earlier loss of 5,855,000 dlrs
after a tax credit of 8,510,000 dlrs.  For all of 1986, Rowan
lost 42.1 mln dlrs after a 47.6 mln dlr tax credit.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16886>
Shr loss 36 cts vs loss 11 cts
    Net loss 18.6 mln vs loss 5,855,000
    Revs 23.9 mln vs 53.9 mln
    NOTE: Net includes tax credits of 12.2 mln dlrs vs
8,510,000 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16888>
Oper shr loss 64 cts vs profit 11 cts
    Oper net loss 7,229,000 vs profit 902,000
    Revs 67.6 mln vs 66.7 mln
    Avg shrs 11.3 mln vs 8,507,000
    Year
    Oper shr loss 63 cts vs profit 43 cts
    Oper net loss 6,177,000 vs profit 3,604,000
    Revs 264.8 mln vs 238.5 mln
    Avg shrs 9,827,000 vs 8,403,000
    NOTE: 1986 quarter net includes 731,000 dlr tax credit.
    1986 net excludes charges from debt restructuring of
1,976,000 dlrs in quarter and 3,800,000 dlrs in year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16890>
Shr 56 cts vs 46 cts
    Qtly div 29 cts vs 27 cts prior
    Net 9,089,000 vs 7,585,000
    Sales 86.8 mln vs 83.0 mln
    NOTE: Pay May 15, record May One.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16893>
The Federal Home Loan Bank Board
said its insured savings and loan associations (thrifts) that
made a profit in the fourth quarter of 1986 reported moderate
increases in net earnings.
    It said that the 74 pct of the thrifts reporting profits
had net after-tax income of 2.3 billion dlrs, up from 2.0
billion dlrs earned by 77 pct of the profitable industry in the
third quarter.
    For 1986 as a whole, the profitable firms had a net income
of 9.2 billion dlrs, up from 7.3 billion dlrs in 1985.
     It said the 26 pct of the industry that made no profit in
the fourth quarter had losses of 3.2 billion dlrs.
    The figure for the unprofitable firms was up from 2.1
billion dlrs in the third quarter of 1986, it said.
    Over the year, these firms had total losses of 8.3 billion
dlrs, up from 3.6 billion dlrs in 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16909>
shr 46 cts vs 76 cts
    div 30 cts vs 30 cts prior
    net 8.5 mln vs 14.0 mln
    NOTE: 1987 qtr net is after a 5.5 mln dlr reserve for a
potential refund as a result of the Federal Communications
Commission's continuing rate investigation. company said it
believes any refunds it may have to make would not materially
affect its financial position.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16910>
shr 21 cts vs 18 cts
    net 1,068,000 vs 902,000
    revs 38.1 mln vs 29.7 mln
    avg shrs 5,177,000 vs 5,120,000
    NOTE: shr reflects 2-for-1 stock split on June 9, 1986
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16911>
shr loss 17 cts vs loss 14 cts
    net loss 467,000 vs loss 400,000
    revs 3,856,000 vs 3,423,000
    avg shrs 2,821,000 vs 2,797,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16912>
shr loss 38 cts vs profit two cts
    net loss 2,254,533 vs profit 106,621
    revs 3,430,970 vs 4,104,506
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16913>
shr 73 cts vs 1.03 dlrs
    net 10,245,000 vs 12,364,000
    avg shrs 13,981,024 vs 11,968,524
    assets 6.07 billion vs 5.22 billion
    loans 2.92 billion vs 2.45 billion
    deposits 4.78 billion vs 4.14 billion
    NOTE: gain from sale of securities 4.6 mln vs 12.8 mln.
loan loss provision 100,000 dlrs vs 7.7 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16916>
shr 1.35 dlrs vs 1.27 dlrs
    div 39 cts vs 39 cts prior
    net 14,291,000 vs 13,211,000
    revs 52.6 mln vs 51.1 mln
    avg shrs 10,234,000 vs 9,936,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16918>
shr loss 57 cts vs loss 2.88 dlrs
    net loss 3,442,000 vs loss 13,750,000
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16921>
shr 47 cts vs 46 cts
    net 3,470,859 vs 3,454,577
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17031>
Oper shr 32 cts vs 37 cts
    Oper net 18.9 mln vs 21.6 mln
    Revs 352.1 mln vs 323.0 mln
    Note: 1987 net excludes extraordinary gain of 2.8 mln dlrs
or five cts shr from sale of surplus property.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17032>
Shr 96 cts vs 53 cts
    Net 8,663,000 vs 4,798,000
    Revs 89.7 m ln vs 66.8 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 2.33 dlrs vs 1.67 dlrs
    Net 21.1 mln vs 15.1 mln
    Revs 241.3 mln vs 192.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17034>
Oper shr 1.54 dlrs vs 82 cts
    Oper net 33.7 mln vs 17.66 mln
    Revs 473.1 mln vs 419.0 mln
    Nine mths
    Oper shr 4.60 dlrs vs 2.39 dlrs
    Oper net 100.4 mln vs 51.0 mln
    Revs 1.38 billion vs 1.21 billion
    Assets 18.5 billion vs 15.5 billion
    Deposits 13.00 billion vs 11.29 billion
    Loans 15.04 billion vs 12.56 billion
    Note: Oper net excludes extraordinary loss 6,636,000 and
11.9 mln for 1987 qtr and nine mths on prepayment of borrowings
from the Federal Home Loan Bank Board.
    Oper also excludes tax credits of 15.8 mln vs 5,954,000 for
qtr and 17.8 mln vs 11.6 mln for nine mths.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17035>
Qtr ended April four
    Shr profit eight cts vs loss 22 cts
    Net profit 341,000 vs loss 903,000
    Revs 58.4 mln vs 46.3 mln
    Six mths
    Shr profit 35 cts vs loss 19 cts
    Net profit 1,466,000 vs loss 767,000
    Revs 121.4 ln vs 95.9 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17037>
Oper shr profit 34 cts vs loss 78 cts
    Oper net profit 7,434,000 vs loss 17.0 mln
    Revs 201.2 mln vs 171.7 mln
    Note: Year-ago oper exludes gain on sale of businesses of
139.6 mln.
    Year-ago oper includes charges of 27.8 mln resulting from
allocation of the purchase price of Revlon's businesses to
inventory and 7.1 mln for restructuring costs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17440>
Group shr 11.86 yen vs 19.24
    Net 34.18 billion vs 59.44 billion
    Pretax 78.02 billion vs 130.52 billion
    Operating 51.58 billion vs 121.50 billion
    Sales 3,308 billion vs 3,373 billion
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17489>
Shr 23 cts vs seven cts
    Net 911,000 vs 293,000
    Sales 88.1 mln vs 74.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17543>
Shr 32 cts vs 22 cts
    Net 2,022,000 vs 1,355,000
    Revs 16.0 mln vs 13.2 mln
    Avg shrs 6,237,000 vs 6,052,000
    Six mths
    Shr 58 cts vs 42 cts
    Net 3,561,000 vs 2,525,000
    Revs 30.0 mln vs 26.1 mln
    Avg shrs 6,180,000 vs 6,017,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17544>
Shr two cts vs seven cts
    Net 164,000 vs 417,000
    Revs 1,345,000 vs 2,021,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17545>
Shr 27 cts vs 18 cts
    Net 1,757,000 vs 1,201,000
    Revs 73.5 mln vs 71.2 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17547>
Shr three cts vs three cts
    Net 421,000 vs 333,000
    Revs 2,103,000 vs 2,287,000
    Avg shrs 16,068,000 vs 12,041,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17554>
Qtly div 30-1/2 cts vs 28-1/2 cts prior
    Pay July 15
    Record June 30
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17556>
Shr four cts vs 10 cts
    Shr diluted two cts vs 10 cts
    Net 1,841,000 vs 978,000
    Revs 36.1 mln vs 20.5 mln
    Avg shrs 25,734,000 vs 9,200,000
    Avg shrs diluted 48,878,000 vs 9,200,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17558>
Shr loss 52 cts vs loss 49 cts
    Net loss 3,142,000 vs loss 2,936,000
    Sales 40.9 mln vs 40.1 mln
    NOTE: Year ago share results adjusted for five-for-four
stock split in August 1986
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17607>
Shr profit one ct vs nil
    Net profit 163,016 vs loss 23,527
    Revs 250,469 vs 48,473
    Note: Full name Consolidated Professor Mines Ltd.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17616>
Shr 36 cts vs nil
    Net 713,000 vs 1,500
    Revs 13 mln vs 9,328,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17617>
Shr one ct vs nil
    Net 32,345 vs 3,772
    Revs 9,946,578 vs 5,939,252
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17619>
Year 1986
    Net profit 132 billion lire vs 82 billion
    Ordinary share dividend 500 lire vs 400
    Note - &lt;Finanziaria Di Sviluppo Spa>, a financial services
subsidiary of Fiat Spa &lt;FIAT.MI>, said in a statement that
shareholders approved a previously announced nominal share
capital increase from 125 billion lire to 250 billion.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17630>
Shr 12 cts vs six cts
    Net 398,318 vs 211,801
    Sales 7,385,107 vs 7,275,162
    Six Mths
    Shr 22 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 736,219 vs 446,288
    Sales 14.3 mln vs 14.2 mln
    NOTE: Per share earnings adjusted for ten pct stock
dividend paid February 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17655>
Shr 17 cts vs four cts
    Net 373,000 vs 82,000
    Sales 10.1 mln vs 7,825,000
    Year
    Shr 45 cts vs 27 cts
    Net 981,000 vs 595,000
    Sales 34.5 mln vs 28.5 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17660>
Shr 11 cts vs eight cts
    Net 248,000 vs 155,000
    Revs 4,385,000 vs 2,487,000
    Year
    Shr 36 cts vs 12 cts
    Net 720,000 vs 220,000
    Revs 15.2 mln vs 9,253,000
    NOTE: Share adjusted for 10 pct stock dividend in April
1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17661>
April 30 end
    Shr loss one ct vs loss two cts
    Net loss 83,116 vs loss 266,037
    Sales 1,393,455 vs 1,035,500
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17672>
Shr profit three cts vs profit 31 cts
    Net profit 330,;575 vs profit 1,4;73,100
    Revs 1,501,996 vs 2,602,568
    Avg shrs 10,964,786 vs 4,446,958
    Year
    Shr loss eight cts vs profit six cts
    Net loss 91,523 vs profit 746,289
    Revs 3,854,821 vs 5,231,598
    Avg shrs 6,091,334 vs 4,446,958
    NOTE: Share results after preferred dividend requirements
of 44,174 dlrs vs 99,901 dlrs in quarter and 377,111 dlrs vs
480,851 dlrs in year
    Company 40 pct owned by PainWebber Group Inc &lt;PWJ>
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17685>
Shr profit four cts vs profit three cts
    Net profit 64,197 vs profit 56,437
    Revs 4.9 mln vs 1.6 mln
    Six months
    Shr profit four vs loss seven cts
    Net profit 67,133 vs loss 114,427
    Revs 9.1 mln vs 2.8 mln
    NOTE:1987 first half includes revnues of new racetrack
operation.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17703>
Net 7,237,000 vs 5,938,000
    Sales 630.8 mln vs 601.8 mln
    Year
    Net 34.1 mln vs 20.5 mln
    Sales 2.75 billion vs 2.61 billion
    NOTE: Twelve and 52-week periods.
    Generale Occidentale SA subsidiary.
    Prior year net both periods includes 7,580,000 dlr pretax
charge for store closings.
    Year net includes pension gain 3,455,000 dlrs vs charge
5,502,000 dlrs due to change in pension accounting.
    Income tax rate for year 45.9 pct vs 34.1 pct due to
abolition of investment tax credits.  Elimination of investment
tax credits approximately offset gain from change in pension
accounting, company said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17712>
Shr 58 cts vs 53 cts
    Shr diluted 54 cts vs 53 cts
    Net 1,957,745 vs 1,594,009
    Sales 95.8 mln vs 87.4 mln
    NOTE: Average shares up 11.7 pct on primary basis.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17751>
Shr 21 cts vs 20 cts
    Net 965,000 vs 726,000
    Revs 13.4 mln vs 11.8 mln
    Avg shrs 4,606,242 vs 3,624,528
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17753>
Shr seven cts vs eight cts
    Net 278,000 vs 340,000
    Revs 11.4 mln vs 8,871,000
    Year
    Shr three cts vs one ct
    Net 113,000 vs 33,000
    Revs 39.7 mln vs 33.1 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17773>
Shr loss 36 cts vs loss 57 cts
    Net loss 4,589,000 vs loss 7,339,000
    Revs 19.9 mln vs 19.6 mln
    Avg shrs 14.7 mln vs 13.3 mln
    NOTE: Company is a subsidiary of &lt;British Land Co PLC>
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17788>
Period ended March 31
    Oper shr profit four cts vs loss 17 cts
    Oper net profit 584,000 vs loss 2,165,000
    Revs 7,493,000 vs not given
    SIX MTHS
    Oper shr profit eight cts vs loss 14 cts
    Oper net profit 1,177,000 vs loss 1,778,000
    Revs 14.8 mln vs not given.
   
 reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17791>
Oper shr loss three cts vs loss one ct
    Oper net loss 1,796,000 vs loss 381,000
    Revs 2,501,000 vs 2,695,000
    SIX MTHS
    Oper shr loss eight cts vs loss four cts
    Oper net loss 3,235,000 vs loss 1,123,000
    Revs 4,850,000 vs 4,551,000
    Note: 1987 net excludes 2nd qtr extraordinary gain of 87
mln dlrs or 1.54 dlrs shr from sale of 51 pct stake of Mascot
Gold Mines Ltd &lt;MSG.TO>. Full name Royex Gold Mining Corp.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17795>
Oper shr 74 cts vs 30 cts
    Oper net 3,034,000 vs 1,225,000
    NOTE: 1987 operating net excludes credits of 1,043,000 dlrs
or 25 cts a share.
    1986 operating net excludes discontinued operations of
84,000 dlrs or two cts, and extraordinary charges of 1,119,000
dlrs or a loss of 27 cts.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17802>
Shr 11 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 234,326 vs 266,653
    Revs 5.5 mln vs 5.8 mln
    Six months
    Shr 21 cts vs 31 cts
    Net 445,509 vs 646,978
    Revs 9.4 mln vs 10.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17808>
Shr 73 cts vs 60 cts
    Net 4.6 mln vs 3.8 mln
    Revs 112.8 mln vs 104.1 mln
    NOTE:1987 includes lifo charge of 1.5 mln dlrs, pension
expenses declined by 879,000 dlrs due to change in accounting,
interest decreased by 382,000 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17811>
Shr profit one cts vs loss three cts
    Net profit 68,607 vs loss 183,893
    Revs 4.2 mln vs 602,665
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17834>
Shr 11 cts vs 21 cts
    Net 563,000 vs 863,00
    Revs 28.8 mln vs 32.5 mln
    Avg shrs 5.0 mln vs 3.3 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17848>
4th qtr ended March 31.
    Shr loss 24 cts vs loss 19 cts
    Net loss 751,900 vs loss 569,000
    Revs 497,500 vs 811,400
    Year
    Shr loss 1.13 dlrs vs loss 70 cts
    Net loss 3,472,700 vs 1,990,300
    Revs 2,484,100 vs 2,498,300
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17887>
Group shr - 13.56 yen vs 27.06
    Net - 21.61 billion vs 38.93 billion
    Current - 37.66 billion vs 46.70 billion
    Operating - 57.37 billion vs 79.91 billion
    Sales - 1,789 billion vs 1,692 billion
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17900>
53 weeks to April 4, 1987
    Share - basic 22.2p vs 21.6p
          - fully-diluted 21.6p vs 19.9p
    Final dividend 6.3p vs 5.7p, making 8.6p vs 7.7p
    Pretax profits 129.2 mln stg vs 116.0 mln
    Turnover 1,088.1 mln stg vs 968.4 mln
    Profit from retail operations 133.3 mln stg vs 115.6 mln
    Tax 40.1 mln stg vs 36.5 mln
    Profit after tax 89.1 mln stg vs 79.5 mln
    Extraordinary items debit 0.7 mln stg vs debit 24 mln
    NOTE - full name is Storehouse Plc &lt;STHL.L>
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17901>
Year to March 31
    Shr 28.0p vs 21.4p
    Final dividend 9p vs 6.5p making 12p vs 9.3p
    Pretax profit 53.16 mln stg vs 45.12 mln
    Turnover 641.1 mln stg vs 639.7 mln
    Group operating profit 57.63 mln stg vs 49.06 mln
    Share of associates' profits 1.33 mln stg vs 3.87 mln
    Investment income 1.59 mln stg vs 2.19 mln
    Interest payable 7.38 mln stg vs 10.01 mln
    Tax 16.48 mln stg vs 17.60 mln
    Leaving 36.68 mln vs 27.51
    Minorities debit 1.58 mln stg vs debit 1.39 mln
    Extraordinary items credit 2.95 mln stg vs debit 8.12 mln
    Operating profits breakdown, by class of business,
    - building materials manufacture 23.7 mln stg vs 20.9 mln
    - distribution 10.1 mln stg vs 7.5 mln
    - specialist print and pack 12.6 mln stg vs 9.6 mln
    - international 6.0 mln stg vs 5.6 mln
    - head office and property 4.6 mln stg vs 3.6 mln
    - discontinued, sold businesses 589,000 stg vs 2.4 mln
    Operating profits, geographic breakdown:
    - Britain 51.4 mln stg vs 43.3 mln
    - Africa 3.3 mln stg vs 3.4 mln
    - Australasia 1.4 mln stg vs 854,000 stg
    - North America 1.5 mln stg vs 1.6 mln
    NOTE - full name is Norcros Plc &lt;NCRO.L>.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17922>
Year ended March 31, 1987
    Fin div 9.25p making 12p vs 10.74p
    Shr 28.3p vs 27.5p
    Pretax profit 55.63 mln stg vs 49.36 mln
    Net 38.80 mln vs 33.64 mln
    Turnover 444.10 mln vs 309.85 mln
    Net interest payable 3.50 mln vs 3.79 mln
    Profit share of related companies 7.62 mln vs 9.64 mln
    Note - The De La Rue Co. Plc &lt;DLAR.L> proposes to offer
ordinary shareholders the opportunity to receive their
dividends in the form of new shares as an alternative to cash.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17964>
Six months ended March 31, 1987
    Share 6.0p vs 4.1p, diluted
    Interim dividend 1.4p vs 1.05p
    Pre-tax profit 312 mln stg vs 158 mln
    Net profit 234 mln vs 114 mln
    Sales 3.47 billion vs 1.55 billion
    Operating profit 296 mln vs 164 mln
    Interest and other income less central expenses credit 16
mln vs debit six mln
    Company's full name is Hanson Trust Plc &lt;HNSN.L>.
    U.K. Operating profit by sector -
    Consumer goods 123 mln stg vs 32 mln
    Building products 31 mln vs 26 mln
    Industrial 14 mln vs same
    Food 20 mln vs nil.
    U.S. Sectors -
    Consumer goods 25 mln stg vs 20 mln
    Building products 29 mln vs 25 mln
    Food seven mln vs two mln
    Businesses owned in 1986 and sold during 1987 nil vs nine
mln.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17965>
April 30 end
    Oper shr 20 cts vs 19 cts
    Oper net 4,625,000 vs 6,781,000
    Sales 250.2 mln vs 150.9 mln
    Orders 351.5 mln vs 122.5 mln
    1st half
    Oper shr 29 cts vs 26 cts
    Oper net 7,453,000 vs 12.0 mln
    Sales 441.1 mln vs 255.6 mln
    Orders 576.6 mln vs 221.1 mln
    Backlog 848.3 mln vs 459.2 mln
    NOTE: Prior year net excludes losses from discontinued
operations of 32.9 mln dlrs in quarter and 35.7 mln dlrs in
half.
    Net excludes tax credit 2,540,000 dlrs vs credit reversal
2,300,000 dlrs in quarter, credit 5,500,000 dlrs vs nil half.
    Results include Syscom Corp from December 30, 1986 purchase
and Beloit Corp from March 31, 1986 purchase.  Orders exclude
253.6 mln dlrs acquired with Syscon acquisition.
    Backlog at January 31 747 mln dlrs.
    Average shares 21.5 mln vs 13.3 mln in quarter and 18.9 mln
vs 13.3 mln in half.
    Income tax provisions 2,200,000 dlrs vs 3,450,000 dlrs in
quarter and 6,200,000 dlrs vs 7,225,000 dlrs in half.  Current
quarter tax rate of 27.5 pct benefited from Wisconsin
Department of Revenue Decision, the company said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17967>
Shr profit 29 cts vs loss six cts
    Net profit 645,000 vs loss 118,000
    Sales 7,802,000 vs 4,330,000
    1st half
    Shr profit 58 cts vs profit 10 cts
    Net profit 1,255,000 vs profit 212,000
    Sales 14.5 mln vs 8,912,000
    Avg shrs 2,183,150 vs 2,072,779
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17972>
1st qtr
    Shr seven cts vs nine cts
    Net 166,000 vs 201,000
    Revs 801,000 vs 687,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17975>
Shr loss 12 cts vs loss five cts
    Net loss 347,849 vs loss 103,489
    Sales 222,697 vs 150,534
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17988>
Periods ended April 30
    Shr 18 cts vs 15 cts
    Net 3,309,000 vs 2,539,000
    Revs 45.2 mln vs 26.8 mln
    Avg shrs 18.7 mln vs 16.8 mln
    NOTE: 1986 net includes gain of 1,197,000 dlrs, or seven
cts a share, from tax loss carryforwards
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18028>
May Two net
    Shr 11 cts vs eight cts
    Net 5,895,000 vs 3,896,000
    Sales 127.3 mln vs 110.5 mln
    NOTE: Share adjusted for three-for-one stock split payable
July 27 to holders of record July One.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18048>
Shr 71 cts vs 47 cts
    Net 12.1 mln vs 7.8 mln
    Revs 369.8 mln vs 307.9 mln
    12 mths
    Shr 2.35 dlrs vs 2.33 dlrs
    Net 39.5 mln vs 39 mln
    Revs 1.36 billion vs 1.24 billion
    NOTE: Prior year restated to reflect results from current
year acquisitions.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18052>
Shr 86 cts vs 73 cts
    Net 52.7 mln vs 45.7 mln
    Revs 989.9 mln vs 863.9 mln
    Six mths
    Shr 1.97 dlrs vs 1.28 dlrs
    Net 122 mln vs 79.9 mln
    Revs 2.078 billion vs 1.726 billion
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18062>
Shr four cts vs 21 cts
    Net 29,862 vs 152,826
    NOTE: Full name is United Financial Banking Cos Inc. Net
includes loan loss provision nil vs 40,000 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18065>
Shr 56 cts vs 42 cts
    Net 10,030,000 vs 7,833,000
    Sales 392.1 mln vs 339.6 mln
    Avg shrs 17,966,000 vs 18,709,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18068>
Shr 15 cts vs 16 cts
    Net 239,034 vs 264,485
    Sales 2,932,782 vs 2,664,853
    Year
    Shr 57 cts vs 45 cts
    Net 929,524 vs 741,121
    Sales 10.9 mln vs 9,708,792
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18096>
Shr basic 83 cts vs 1.05 dlrs
    Shr diluted 80 cts vs 96 cts
    Net 116,157,000 vs 125,146,000
    Six mths
    Shr basic 1.71 dlrs vs 2.27 dlrs
    Shr diluted 1.63 dlrs vs 2.06 dlrs
    Net 230,265,000 vs 265,535,000
    Loans 67.93 billion vs 65.50 billion
    Deposits 83.71 billion vs 84.25 billion
    Assets 100.00 billion vs 97.50 billion
    Avg shrs 116.4 mln vs 102.1 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18120>
Shr 21 cts vs 11 cts
    Net 638,000 vs 340,000
    Sales 16.9 mln vs 14.7 mln
    Avg shrs 3,007,048 vs 3,006,250
    1st half
    Shr 41 cts vs 41 cts
    Net 1,224,000 vs 1,142,000
    Sales 31.1 mln vs 29.8 mln
    Avg shrs 3,006,704 vs 2,757,631
    NOTE: Current year net both periods includes nonrecurring
gain 213,000 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18152>
quarter ended May 2
    Shr 20 cts vs 17 cts
    Net 2,319,000 vs 1,950,000
    Sales 92.4 mln vs 72.2 mln
    Six mths
    Shr 1.60 dlrs vs 1.27 dlrs
    Net 18.7 mln vs 14.8 mln
    Sales 285.9 mln vs 227.1 mln
    NOTE: Full name is Burlington Coat Factory Warehouse Corp.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18155>
qtr ended May 2
    Shr 29 cts vs 22 cts
    Net 1,975,000 vs 1,403,000
    Revs 68.1 mln vs 54.0 mln
    Avg shrs 6,722,527 vs 6,597,492
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.17 dlrs vs 92 cts
    Net 7,847,000 vs 6,017,000
    Revs 209.7 mln vs 175.7 mln
    Avg shrs 6,687,138 vs 6,549,197
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18158>
qtr ended April 30
    Shr seven cts vs 10 cts
    Net 158,294 vs 234,829
    Revs 8,727,242 vs 8,152,478
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18166>
Shr profit four cts vs loss 47 cts
    Net profit 209,000 vs loss 2,164,000
    Sales 4,849,000 vs 3,682,000
    Year
    Shr loss 10 cts vs loss 52 cts
    Net loss 451,000 vs loss 2,378,000
    Sales 18.0 mln vs 15.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18180>
Shr 33 cts vs 26 cts
    Net 489,351 vs 430,143
    Revs 6,961,091 vs 6,009,026
    Avg shrs 1.5 mln vs 1.6 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18242>
Period ended April 30
    Shr 71 cts vs 42 cts
    Shr diluted 62 cts vs 38 cts
    Net 2,629,704 vs 1,721,384
    Revs 39.5 mln vs 32.0 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18243>
Qtr ends April 30
    Shr 32 cts vs 20 cts
    Net 1,981,681 dlrs vs 1,022,451 dlrs
    Avg shrs 6,220,000 vs 5,120,000
    12 mths
    Shr 1.22 dlrs vs 59 cts
    Net 7,005,000 dlrs vs 3,030,000 dlrs
    Avg shrs 5,737,808 vs 5,120,000
    NOTE: full name of company is commonwealth mortgage co inc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18249>
year ended March 31
    Shr 91 cts vs 1.08 dlrs
    Net 4,800,000 vs 5,800,000
    Rev 118.7 mln vs 110.3 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18258>
Oper shr eight cts vs two cts
    Oper net 119,000 vs 32,000
    Sales 12.0 mn vs 11.3 mln
    Note: Current qtr figures exclude loss from discontinued
operations of 30,000 dlrs, or two cts per share, vs loss of
54,000 dlrs, or four cts per share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18283>
Shr 42 cts vs 22 cts
    Net 3,445,000 vs 2,326,000
    Revs 41.7 mln vs 51.5 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18294>
Shr 18 cts vs 27 cts
    Net 283,000 vs 435,000
    Revs 97.8 mln vs 95.1 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18303>
Shr two cts vs n.a.
    Net 68,281
    Revs 639,471
    NOTE: Company became public in March 1987
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18307>
Period ended March 31
    Shr loss nil vs profit one ct
    Net loss 36,000 vs profit 310,000
    Revs 1,172,000 vs 1,686,000
    Note: Full name Atlas Yellowknife Resources Ltd.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18308>
Shr loss 32 cts vs loss 37 cts
    Net loss 5,374,000 vs loss 6,159,000
    Revs 241.3 mln vs 253.2 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18309>
Qtr ended April 30.
    Shr 32 cts vs 20 cts
    Net 1,982,000 vs 1,022,000
    Year
    Shr 1.22 dlrs vs 59 cts
    Net 7,005,000 vs 3,030,000
    Assets 191.3 mln vs 116.5 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18326>
Opr shr nil vs seven cts
    Opr net 3,000 vs 99,000
    Revs 2,745,000 vs 2,395,000
    Avg shrs 1,500,000 vs 1,375,000
    Year
    Opr shr 24 cts vs 20 cts
    Opr net 343,000 vs 271,000
    Revs 10.7 mln vs 8,232,000
    Avg shrs 1,459,000 vs 1,341,000
    NOTE: Earnings for year exclude gains due to tax loss
carryforward of 210,000 dlrs or 14 cts a share in 1987 and
198,000 dlrs or 15 cts in 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18354>
Shr 18 cts vs 15 cts
    Net 3.3 mln vs 2.5 mln
    Revs 45.2 mln vs 26.8 mln
    NOTE:1986 net includes seven cts or 1.2 mln dlrs tax loss
carryforward.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18355>
Merchants National Corp, with 3.7
billion dlrs in assets, said it will report a loss of 13 mln
dlrs for the second quarter due to its decision to increase its
provision for losses by 30 mln dlrs, mainly due to
uncertainties surrounding Latin American debt.
    In the second quarter last year, Merchants reported net
income of 6.2 mln dlrs or 68 cts a share.
    As a result of the increased loan loss provision, the bank
said the allowance for loan losses will increase from 1.4 pct
to 2.5 pct of the bank's total loans. The bank said its expects
to report estimated net of over 15 mln dlrs for 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18481>
Six months ended April 30
    Parent shr 1.66 yen vs 7.28
    Div 3.50 yen vs same
    Net 1.59 billion vs 6.88 billion
    Current 5.03 billion vs 16.03 billion
    Sales 804.02 billion vs 839.20 billion
    Oustanding shrs 955.00 mln vs 944.15 mln
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18483>
six months to March 31
    Shr 16.25p vs 15.61p
    Div 4.0p vs 3.5p
    Turnover 6.12 billion vs 4.89 billion
    Interest 25.2 mln vs 37.6 mln
    Pretax profit 42.7 mln vs 40.3 mln
    Tax 10.3 mln vs 9.9 mln
    Minorities 1.3 mln vs 439,000
    Extraordinary items 2.6 mln credit vs 1.2 mln debit
    Note - company name is S and W Berisford Plc &lt;BRFD.L>
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18495>
Year to end-March
    Shr 20.9p, a 22.3 pct rise
    Div 5.1p making 8.45p vs vs 7.5p
    Turnover 9.42 billion, a 12.4 pct increase
    Operating profit 2.35 billion, a 10.9 pct increase
    Pretax profit 2.07 billion, a 11.7 pct rise
    Fourth quarter 1987
    Turnover 2.42 billion, a 8.4 pct rise
    Operating profit 629.0 mln, a 12.1 pct increase
    Pretax profit 555.0 mln, a 11.7 pct rise.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18497>
Year to March 31
    Fin div 3.5p making 5.5p vs 2.5p
    Shr 25.2p vs 14.7p
    Pretax profit 50.5 mln stg vs 30.1 mln
    Net after tax 36.0 mln vs 21.6 mln
    Turnover 1.22 billion vs 1.16 billion
    Extraordinary dbt 10.3 mln vs 8.2 mln
    Note - Full company name is &lt;Johnson-Matthey Plc>.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18514>
Year to March 31
    Final dividend 3.65p vs 3.1p making 5.4p vs 4.6p
    Share 14.11p vs 12.13p
    Pre-tax profit 27.11 mln stg vs 24.06 mln
    Net profit 18.12 mln vs 15.21 mln
    Turnover 252.11 mln vs 225.29 mln
    Note - London International Group Plc &lt;LONL.L> said that
sharply increased sales of condoms had led to a particularly
strong start to the year and it had considerable confidence for
the future. REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18563>
Yr ended March 31
    Shr 37.8 cents vs 30.7
    Final div 13 cents vs 11, making yr 24 vs 22
    Net 60.58 mln dlrs vs 47.42 mln
    Turnover 1.50 billion vs 1.56 billion
    Other income 16.84 mln vs 3.73 mln
    Shrs 161.71 mln vs 154.19 mln.
    NOTE - Div pay Aug 6. Reg July 17. Div is unfranked and
thus will not be tax-free under dividend imputation.
    Net is after tax 28.39 mln dlrs vs 29.93 mln, depreciation
32.05 mln vs 34.59 mln, interest 29.16 mln vs 45.74 mln and
minorities 1.35 mln vs 9.89 mln but before extraordinary profit
2.28 mln vs loss 31.05 mln.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18591>
April 30 end
    Shr loss 13 cts vs shr profit 12 cts
    Net loss 4,116,000 vs net profit 3,672,000
    Revs 61.1 mln vs 55.5 mln
    Avg shrs 32,263,000 vs 31,640,000
    12 months
    Shr loss 86 cts vs shr profit 42 cts
    Net loss 27.6 mln vs net profit 13 mln
    Revs 174.9 mln vs 189.3 mln
    Avg shrs 32,184,000 vs 30,938,000
    NOTE: Both 1987 and 1986 figures restated to reflect April
21, 1987 acquisition of Distribution Management Systems Inc,
accounted for as a pooling of interests.
    1987 results include a first quarter non-recurring charge
of 7 mln dlrs with an after-tax impact of 11 cts per share
attributable to the write-off of the remaining assets acquried
from Computer Pictures Corp in November 1982.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18602>
Shr 1.08 dlrs vs 37 cts
    Net 3,025,000 vs 1,188,000
    Sales 35.2 mln vs 35.4 mln
    Avg shrs 2,794,298 vs 3,187,051
    Nine mths
    Shr 2.43 dlrs vs 83 cts
    Net 6,781,000 vs 2,576,000
    Sales 101.0 mln vs 99.7 mln
    Avg shrs 2,794,298 vs 3,115,499
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18606>
Qtr ends April 30
    Shr loss 10 cts vs profit nine cts
    Net loss 163,465 vs profit 131,815
    Revs 3,672,731 vs 3,763,829
    Nine mths
    Shr profit four cts vs profit one ct
    Net profit 57,911 vs profit 11,380
    Revs 11,753,950 vs 10,794,822
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18610>
Shr 29 cts vs 23 cts
    Net 1,262,000 vs 1,002,000
    Sales 49.9 mln vs 40.3 mln
    Year
    Shr 1.18 dlrs vs one dlr
    Net 5,205,000 vs 4,339,000
    Sales 180.1 mln vs 150.7 mln
    NOTE: Prior year net both periods includes gain 900,000
dlrs from adjustments to LIFO reserves, compensation related
accruals and a revised effective tax rate.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18627>
Shr 37 cts vs eight cts
    Net 12.0 mln vs 5.1 mln
    Revs 280.1 mln vs 155.9 mln
    Backlog 625.7 mln vs 451.6 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18646>
Shr 30 cts vs 24 cts
    Net 14.7 mln vs 11.3 mln
    Sales 738.9 mln vs 605.1 mln
    Avg shrs 49.0 mln vs 47.9 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.11 dlrs vs 93 ctsd
    Net 54.2 mln vs 42.9 mln
    Sales 2.45 billion vs 1.95 billion
    Avg shrs 48.9 mln vs 46.4 mln
    NOTE: Twelve- and 40-week periods.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18648>
Qtr ends May 31
    Shr 20 cts vs eight cts
    Net 509,043 dlrs vs 202,473 dlrs
    Revs 2,106,462 dlrs vs 1,158,621 dlrs
    Nine mths
    Shr 58 cts vs 50 cts
    Net 1,465,271 dlrs vs 1,240,773 dlrs
    Revs 5,854,819 dlrs vs 4,640,687 dlrs
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18699>
Shr 17 cts vs 20 cts
    Net 3,121,000 vs 3,624,000
    Revs 60.2 mln vs 59.0 mln
    Avg shrs 18.3 mln vs 18.2 mln
    Six mths
    Shr 40 cts vs 48 cts
    Net 7,429,000 vs 8,743,000
    Revs 124.7 mln vs 126.1 mln
    Avg shrs 18.3 mln vs 18.1 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18703>
Period ended April 30
    Shr not given
    Net 2,600,000 vs 1,600,000
    Revs 18.1 mln vs 15.1 mln
    SIX MTHS
    Shr 21 cts vs 42 cts
    Net 3,800,000 vs 5,500,000
    Revs 32.9 mln vs 35.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18708>
Qtr ends march 28
    Shr loss 1.46 dlrs vs loss 49 cts
    Net loss 2,919,000 dlrs vs loss 892,000 dlrs
    Revs 10.3 mln vs 11.5 mln
    Avg shrs 2,000,000 vs 1,836,000
    NOTE: full name of company is robert bruce industries Inc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18713>
Oper shr loss 19 cts vs loss 38 cts
    Oper net loss 239,000 dlrs vs loss 476,000 dlrs
    Revs 16.0 mln vs 14.6 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18718>
Shr primary 66 cts vs 1.17 dlrs
    Shr diluted 66 cts vs 81 cts
    Net 1,220,691 vs 1,302,999
    Revs 13.7 mln vs 13.1 mln
    Avg shrs primary 1,859,421 vs 1,112,400
    Avg shrs diluted 1,859,421 vs 1,826,303
    NOTE: Latest net includes tax credits of 565,000 dlrs vs
620,000 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18719>
Oper shr nil vs profit one ct
    Oper net profit 14,000 vs profit 51,000
    Revs 5,547,000 vs 6,021,000
    Six mths
    Oper shr loss nine cts vs profit seven cts
    Oper net loss 383,000 vs profit 314,000 dlrs
    Revs 9,31,000 dlrs vs 12.5 mln
    NOTE: 1986 qtr and six mths excludes loss 171,000 dlrs and
358,000 dlrs, respectively, for loss from discontinued
operations.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18721>
Shr 23 cts vs 14 cts
    Net 611,000 vs 511,000
    Revs 10.1 mln vs 4,380,000
    NOTE: Latest year includes three cent per share loss from
discontinued operations while prev year includes seven cent per
share tax credit.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18732>
Shr 52 cts vs 62 cts
    Net 10,884,000 vs 12,891,000
    Revs 133.3 mln vs 128.8 mln
    Avg shrs 21,017,000 vs 20,845,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18769>
qtr ended March 31
    Shr 74 cts vs 79 cts
    Net 4,069,000 vs 3,458,000
    Revs 173.2 mln vs 120.8 mln
    Year
    Shr 2.65 dlrs vs 2.73 dlrs
    Net 13.3 mln vs 11.9 mln
    Revs 618.4 mln vs 520.7 mln
    NOTE: Full name is Standard Commercial Tobacco Co.
   
    Latest qtr and year includes tax loss carryforwards of
771,000 dlrs and 1,042,000 dlrs, respectively, and a loss of
613,000 dlrs for discontinued operation. Prev qtr and year
includes tax loss carryforwards of 469,000 dlrs and 1,902,000
dlrs, respectively.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18816>
Qtr ended June 7
    Shr six cts vs 17 cts
    Net 1,332,000 vs 3,658,000
    Sales 58.3 mln vs 51.6 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 40 cts vs 25 cts
    net 8,875,000 vs 5,034,000
    Sales 158.4 mln vs 133.6 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18828>
Qtr ended May 2
    Oper shr profit three cts vs loss five cts
    Oper net profit 115,000 dlrs vs loss 152,000
    Revs 7,652,000 vs 4,279,000
    Six mths
    Oper shr profit ten cts vs loss 34 cts
    Oper net profit 342,000 vs loss 1,149,000
    Revs 14.0 mln vs 7,398,000
    Note: oper data does not include extraordinary gain of
28,000 dlrs, or one ct per shr, in 2nd qtr 1987 or or 118,000
dlrs, or four cts per shr, in six mths.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18830>
March 31 end
    Shr profit 14 cts vs loss two cts
    Net profit 345,544 vs loss 48,097
    Sales 1,032,224 vs 514,656
    Avg shrs 2,420,925 vs 2,289,925
    1st half
    Shr profit 21 cts vs profit nil
    Net profit 496,714 vs profit 5,602
    Sales 1,649,860 vs 1,099,379
    Avg shrs 2,407,334 vs 2,222,591
    NOTE: Prior half net includes 1,849 dlr tax credit.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18832>
Shr loss three cts vs loss three cts
    Net loss 78,456 vs loss 95,812
    Sales 513,607 vs 283,043
    Avg shrs 3,106,000 vs 2,933,333
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18870>
Shr 36 cts vs 28 cts
    Net 2,002,000 vs 1,518,000
    Sales 166.0 mln vs 159.5 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18875>
Second quarter ended May 31.
    Shr 27 cts vs NA
    Net 3,560 mln vs 2,389,000
    Six mths
    Shr 57 cts vs NA
    Net 7,881,000 vs 5,415,000
    NOTE: Year-ago per shr figures not available as bank
converted to stock ownership April 29, 1986.
   
    1987 2nd quarter and six mth net excludes 2,288,000 dlrs or
17 cts a share and 4,648,000 dlrs or 33 cts a share,
respectively, for tax carryforwards.
    1986 2nd qtr and six mth net excludes 667,000 dlrs and
3,043,000 dlrs, respectively, for tax carryforwards.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18953>
Shr 58 cts vs 38 cts
    Net 4,628,650 vs 3,041,407
    Revs 45.0 mln vs 28.1 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18955>
Period ended May 31
    Shr loss five cts vs loss 11 cts
    Net loss 306,007 vs loss 102,420
    Sales 110,522 vs 10,105
    NOTE: Full name is Data Med Clinical Support Services Inc
    Per-share data adjusted for three-for-one stock split
payable June 30, 1987
    The only sales reflected in fiscal 1987 period are sales
recorded subsequent to the May 22, 1986 acquisition of the
assets of a predecessor company by Data Med
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18997>
Period ended May 2
    Shr loss four cts vs loss three cts
    Net loss 397,000 vs loss 330,000
    Revs 32.1 mln vs 30.4 mln
    Note: Full name Mark's Work Wearhouse Ltd.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19009>
Shr four cts vs four cts
    Net 1,180,000 vs 902,000
    Revs 146.9 mln vs 37.0 mln
    Avg shrs 33 mln vs 23.9 mln
    NOTE: Company changed its fiscal year from December 31 to
the last day of February, thus results of operations for the
year-ago period have been restated to reflect this change.
    Current first quarter includes results of operations of
Loews Theatre Management Corp which Tri-Star acquired December
31.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19029>
Shr profit six cents vs loss 10
    Net profit 8.1 mln dlrs vs loss 7.1 mln
    Sales 511.9 mln vs 397.8 mln
    Avg shrs 97.0 mln vs 90.5 mln
    YEAR
    Shr loss 38 cents vs loss 1.10 dlrs
    Net loss 24.6 mln dlrs vs loss 91.5 mln
    Sales 1.87 billion vs 1.48 billion
    Avg shrs 91.7 mln vs 89.8 mln
    NOTE - Current year figure includes previously announced 15
mln dlr restructuring charge.
    Figures include extraordinary credit from tax benefit of
4.2 mln dlrs in quarter vs 2.3 mln a year earlier and 4.2 mln
for year vs 5.6 mln year earlier.
    The 1986 year net reflects 51.2 mln dlr gain from
cumulative effect of accounting change.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19045>
Year ended March 31
    Group shr 18.83 yen vs 18.73
    Net 20.07 billion vs 18.47 billion
    Pretax 22.14 billion vs 25.36 billion
    Operating 37.57 billion vs 51.57 billion
    Sales 14,762 billion vs 15,900 billion
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19053>
Parent shr loss 15.85 yen vs profit 2.02
    Interim div nil vs nil
    Net loss 12.92 billion vs profit 1.65 billion
    Current loss 12.52 billion vs profit 4.44 billion
    Operating loss 8.76 billion vs profit 6.52 billion
    Sales 443.90 billion vs 528.03 billion
    Outstanding shrs 815.10 mln vs 814.97 mln
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19142>
Shr loss 14 cts vs loss 35 cts
    Net loss 3,718,908 vs loss 6,714,372
    Revs 22.8 mln vs 14.4 mln
    Avg shrs 25.7 mln vs 19.2 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr loss 1.02 dlrs vs loss 1.46 dlrs
    Net loss 24.4 mln vs loss 28.1 mln
    Revs 61.7 mln vs 28.9 mln
    Avg shrs 23.8 mln vs 19.2 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19170>
Period ended May 31
    Shr 42 cts vs 53 cts
    Net 13,600,000 vs 17,100,000
    Revs 263.3 mln vs 243.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19171>
Period ended May 31
    Shr 42 cts vs 53 cts
    Net 13,600,000 vs 17,100,000
    Revs 263.3 mln vs 243.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19174>
Shr 4.61 dlrs vs 4.28 dlrs
    Net 663.3 mln vs 590.8 mln
    Rev 4.03 billion vs 4.06 billion
    Avg shares 143.9 mln vs 138.2 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19178>
Period ended April 30
    Shr profit nil vs loss eight cts
    Net profit 4,000 vs loss 213,000
    Sales 3,668,000 vs 2,602,000
    Year
    Shr loss 18 cts vs loss 23 cts
    Net loss 482,000 vs loss 614,000
    Sales 12.5 mln vs 13.6 mln
    NOTE: 1987 earnings in each period include a provision for
unrealized loss on marketable securities of 176,000 dlrs
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19254>
Five mths end may 31
    Shr 1.37 dlrs vs 1.38 dlrs
    Net 75.2 mln vs 73.6 mln
    Revs 632.3 mln vs 629.6 mln
    Avg shrs 54.9 mln vs 53.4 mln
    12 mths
    Shr 3.19 dlrs vs 3.13 dlrs
    Net 173.6 mln vs 165.1 mln
    Revs 1.43 billion vs 1.47 billion
    Avg shrs 54.4 mln vs 52.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19267>
Shr loss 20 cts vs loss three cts
    Net loss 346,000 dlrs vs loss 26,000 dlrs
    Revs 7,671,000 dlrs vs 4,775,000 dlrs
    12 mths
    Shr profit one dlr vs profit 2.19 dlrs
    Net profit 2,927,000 dlrs vs profit 5,613,000 dlrs
    Revs 40.9 mln vs 35.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19304>
Shr loss 46 cts vs loss five cts
    Net loss 3,922,000 vs loss 420,000
    Sales 16.0 mln vs 23.9 mln
    Avg shrs 8,567,000 vs 8,458,000
    Nine mths
    Shr loss 1.02 dlrs vs profit 35 cts
    Net loss 8,685,000 vs profit 2,978,000
    Avg shrs 8,547,000 vs 8,437,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19308>
Shr 12 cts vs 10 cts
    Net 189,578 vs 100,254
    Sales 3,403,914 vs 3,122,983
    Avg shrs 1,617,600 vs 954,400
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19357>
Oper shr two cts vs three cts
    Oper net 529,000 vs 579,000
    Sales 322.0 mln vs 173.8 mln
    Nine mths
    Oper shr six cts vs eight cts
    Oper net 1,619,000 vs 1,700,000
    Sales 875.1 mln vs 482.3 mln
   
    Note: oper data does not include extraordinary gains from
tax loss carryforwards of 291,000 dlrs, or one ct per shr, vs
316,000 dlrs, or one ct per shr in qtr and 890,000 dlrs, or
four cts per shr vs 992,000 dlrs, or four cts per shr in nine
mths.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19365>
April 30 end
    Shr losses not given
    Net loss 449,000 vs loss 155,000
    Revs 84,000 vs 52,000
    Nine mths
    Shr losses not given
    Net loss 810,000 vs loss 394,000
    Revs 173,000 vs 144,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19374>
Shr profit six cts vs loss one ct
    Net profit 80,939 vs loss 12,808
    Rev 7.0 mln vs 6.3 mln
    Six months
    Shr profit eight cts vs loss one ct
    Net profit 101,345 vs loss 10,460
    Rev 13.2 mln vs 12.5 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19375>
Oper shr loss 32 cts vs loss 17 cts
    Oper net loss 2,999,000 vs loss 1,692,000
    Sales 10.3 mln vs 11.5 mln
    Avg shrs 9,517,000 vs 9,905,000
    NOTE: 1986 Operating loss excludes profit of 3,688,000
dlrs, or 37 cts a share, from discontinued operations
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19410>
May 31
    Shr loss 13 cts vs loss 4 cts
    Net loss 225,000 vs loss 80,000
    Revs 11.8 mln vs 10.4 mln
    Avg shrs 1,789,165 vs 1,789,455
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19422>
Shr 10 cts vs four cts
    Net 419,000 dlrs vs 196,000 dlrs
    Revs 27.3 mln dlrs vs 25.9 mln dlrs
    Note:the first quarter ended May 29
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19424>
Shr four cts vs nine cts
    Net 125,465 dlrs vs 245,718 dlrs
    Revs 8.4 mln dlrs vs 7.8 mln dlrs
    Note:the fiscal year ended March 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19427>
Shr 15 cts vs 10 cts
    Net 1,790,824 vs 1,031,602
    Revs 14.0 mln vs 6.7 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 41 cts vs 23 cts
    Net 4,830,513 vs 2,296,192
    Revs 40.5 mln vs 15.4 mln
    Avg shrs 12.0 mln vs 10.5 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19440>
Shr profit nil vs loss two cts
    Net profit 39,617 vs loss 200,740
    Revs 619,076 vs 491,085
    Nine Mths
    Shr loss nil vs loss five cts
    Net loss 68,293 vs loss 434,087
    Revs 1,614,960 vs 1,791,148
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19450>
qtr ended May 2
    Oper shr three cts vs 11 cts
    Oper net 333,000 vs 885,000
    Revs 14.9 mln vs 12.2 mln
    Note: Latest qtr exludes writeoff of 735,000 dlrs from
store renovation.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19459>
Shr profit six cts vs loss 18 cts
    Net profit 156,000 vs loss 212,000
    Revs 5,094,000 vs 5,669,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19466>
Shr loss 33 cts vs loss one ct
    Net loss 320,000 vs loss 8,000
    revs 822,000 vs 405,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19474>
Shr loss 22 cts vs loss 18 cts
    Net loss 2,494,000 vs loss 1,608,000
    Revs 3,590,000 vs 1,710,000
    Year
    Shr loss 68 cts vs loss 53 cts
    Net loss 7,318,000 vs loss 4,160,000
    Revs 10,503,000 vs 7,134,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19475>
qtr ended April 30
    Shr nine cts vs 17 cts
    Net 1,026,000 vs 1,840,000
    Revs 25.9 mln vs 26.1 mln
    Year
    Shr 27 cts vs 56 cts
    Net 2,942,000 vs 5,865,000
    Revs 95.7 mln vs 96 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19515>
Group shr 24.20 yen vs 37.42
    Net 10.95 billion vs 15.46 billion
    Pretax 25.25 billion vs 31.15 billion
    Operating 28.39 billion vs 31.73 billion
    Sales 592.37 billion vs 593.86 billion
    NOTE - No forecast for current year
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19561>
Shr 15.8 cents vs 12.9 cents
    Int div six cents vs same
    Group net 19.90 mln dlrs vs 16.25 mln
    Turnover 390.70 vs 381.60 mln
    NOTE - Div pay Aug 3, register July 31. Co says it expects
results for the second half year to be similar to those of the
first half.
  
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19562>
Year ended March 31
    Group shr 33.98 yen vs 39.10
    Net 21.16 billion vs 19.96 billion
    Current 45.23 billion vs 32.87 billion
    Operating 77.17 billion vs 63.90 billion
    Sales 616.96 billion vs 527.88 billion
    NOTE - The company said the 37.6 pct increase in 1986/87
group current profit from a year earlier was mainly due to a
drop of two billion yen in interest payments.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19571>
Year to March 31, 1987
    Share 106 rupees vs 130
    Pre-tax profit 995.2 mln rupees vs 1.57 billion
    Net profit 875.2 mln vs 1.07 billion
    Sales 14.16 billion vs 12.85 billion
    Dividend 25 pct vs same
    Tax 120 mln vs 500 mln
    Note - Full company name is Tata Iron and Steel Co Ltd
&lt;TATA.BO>. Dividend is payable to shareholders on Aug 12.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19639>
Period end May 31
    Shr profit four cts vs loss 22 cts
    Net profit 139,000 vs loss 799,000
    Revs 101.9 mln vs 86.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19642>
Period ended May 31
    Shr 41 cts vs 35 cts
    Net 15.4 mln vs 11.9 mln
    Revs 234.4 mln vs 96.6 mln
    Avg shrs 38.0 mln vs 34.4 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19644>
Oper shr three cts vs one ct
    Oper net 210,000 vs 67,000
    Revs 10,252,000 vs 8,929,000
    Avg shrs 7,933,000 vs 8,553,000
    Six mths
    Oper shr five cts vs two cts
    Oper net 420,000 vs 133,000
    Revs 20.3 mln vs 17.1 mln
    Avg shrs 7,952,000 vs 8,551,000
    NOTE: 1987 earnings exclude gain from utilization of tax
loss carryforwards of 125,000 dlrs, or one ct a share in the
quarter and 150,000 dlrs, or two cts a share for the six months
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19647>
Shr 15 cts vs 12 cts
    Net 1,240,939 dlrs vs 989,714 dlrs
    Revs 32.9 mln dlrs vs 21.1 mln dlrs
    Note: first quarter ended May 31. The company's full name  
  is Town and Country Jewelry Manufacturing Corp
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19648>
Shr 19 cts vs 16 cts
    Net 502,000 dlrs vs 401,000 dlrs
    Revs 8.8 mln dlrs vs 6.7 mln dlrs
    Six mths
    Shr 38 cts vs 29 cts
    Net 989,000 dlrs vs 745,000 dlrs
    Revs 16.3 mln dlrs vs 12.5 mln dlrs
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19650>
Shr 15 cts
    Net 3.6 mln dlrs
    Revs 96.9 mln dlrs
    Note: the company said year-ago figures are not comparable 
   due to its reverse merger last year
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19651>
Shr loss two cts vs loss four cts
    Net loss 199,010 dlrs vs loss 398,202 dlrs
    Revs 1,284,939 dlrs vs 359,440 dlrs
    Nine mths
    Shr loss 10 cts vs loss 14 cts
    Net loss 973,542 dlrs vs loss 1,298,203 dlrs
    Revs 3.9 mln dlrs vs 1,269,098 dlrs
    Note:the third quarter ended April 30
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19655>
Shr 38 cts vs 47 cts
    Net 968,000 dlrs vs 1,053,000 dlrs
    Revs 15.4 mln dlrs vs 12.6 mln dlrs
    Note:the year ended March 31.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19657>
Shr 27 cts vs 14 cts
    Net 5,664,000 vs 2,812,000
    Revs 68.2 mln vs 54.7 mln
    Avg shrs 21,254,054 vs 20,167,714
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19667>
Shr 24 cts vs 18 cts
    Shr diluted 21 cts vs 18 cts
    Net 2,108,805 vs 1,605,278
    Sales 28.9 mln vs 24.2 mln
    NOTE: Share results reflect two for one stock split to be
paid July eight
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19674>
Shr four cts vs one ct
    Net 335,000 vs 67,000
    Rev 10.1 mln vs 8.7 mln
    Avg shares 7,933,000 vs 8,553,000
    Six Months
    Shr seven cts vs two cts
    Net 570,000 vs 133,000
    Rev 19.9 mln vs 16.8 mln
    Avg shares 7,952,000 vs 8,551,000
    NOTE: Qtr includes extraordinary gain of 125,000 dlrs, or
one ct a share, while six months' net includes gain of 150,000,
or two cts a share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19680>
Shr 12 cts vs one cent
    Net 546,000 vs 48,000
    Revs 22.3 mln vs 16.0 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 44 cts vs seven cts
    Net 1,857,000 vs 303,000
    Revs 65.5 mln vs 46.0 mln
    NOTE: Per share figures adjusted for three-for-two stock
split paid April 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19704>
Shr three cts vs two cts
    Net 97,224 vs 58,503 
    Rev 906,368 vs 714,747
    Avg shrs 3,300,000 vs 3,948,719
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19710>
year ended March 31
    Shr three cts vs 11 cts
    Net 384,723 vs 800,137
    Revs 5.1 mln vs 3.5 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19712>
Period ended May 31.
    Shr loss eight cts vs profit six cts
    Net loss 895,000  vs profit 662,000
    Sales 91.1 mln vs 89.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19723>
May 31 end
    Shr 27 cts vs 14 cts
    Net 5,664,000 vs 2,812,000
    Revs 68.2 mln vs 54.7 mln
    Avg shrs 21,254,054 vs 20,167,714
    NOTE: First quarter report
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19742>
Oper shr 50 cts vs 40 cts
    Oper net 20.8 mln vs 16.4 mln
    Revs 531.7 mln vs 418.7 mln
    NOTE: 1987 1st quarter net excludes a gain of 47.1 mln dlrs
or 1.14 dlrs a share for discontinued operations.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19745>
Shr 19 cts vs seven cts
    Net 936,000 vs 351,000
    Revs 153.3 mln vs 145 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19761>
Shr 31 cts vs n/a
    Net 671,000 dlrs vs 1,256,000 dlrs
    Year
    Shr 1.85 dlrs vs n/a
    Net four mln dlrs vs 2.8 mln dlrs
    Assets 426.4 mln dlrs vs 334.1 mln dlrs
    Deposits 323.1 mln dlrs vs 277.2 mln dlrs
    Loans 335.9 mln dlrs vs 254.9 mln dlrs
    Note:the company does not give 1986 per share earnings as
it converted from a mutual savings bank to a stock savings bank
in January 1986
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19784>
Shr loss 26 cts
    Net loss 1,277,737
    Revs 3.7 mln
    Note: full name Canadian Home Shopping Network Ltd.
    Period ended April 30 was company's first quarter of
operations.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19787>
Period ended May 31
    Oper shr 31 cts vs 29 cts
    Oper net 552,035 vs 525,729
    Sales 36.7 mln vs 29.1 mln
    Nine mths
    Oper shr 1.08 dlrs vs 1.04 dlrs
    Oper net 1,931,488 vs 1,864,075
    Sales 104.9 mln vs 87.6 mln
    NOTE: 1986 period ended June One
    NOTE: Earnings exclude gain on disposal of discontinued
operations of 162,000 dlrs, or nine cts a share vs loss of
585,175 dlrs, or 33 cts a share in the quarter and a gain of
432,000 dlrs, or 24 cts a share vs a loss of 585,175 dlrs, or
33 cts a share for the nine months
    1986 earnings exclude losses from discontinued operations
of 111,024 dlrs, or six cts a share in the quarter and 237,773
dlrs, or 13 cts a share for the nine months
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19788>
Period ended May 31
    Shr 1.81 dlrs vs 1.45 dlrs
    Net 113,752,000 vs 90,902,000
    Revs 1.12 billion vs 1.20 billion
    NOTE: Full name is General Public Utilities Corp
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19790>
Year ended March 31
    Shr loss three cts vs profit 10 cts
    Net loss 58,285 vs profit 182,039
    Sales 3,857,122 vs 3,188,555
    Avg shrs 2,108,080 vs 1,891,250
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19803>
Shr 19 cts vs 16 cts
    Net 502,000 vs 401,000
    Revs 8,791,000 vs 6,650,000
    Six mths
    Shr 38 cts vs 29 cts
    Net 989,000 vs 745,000
    Revs 16.3 mln vs 12.5 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19812>
Shr loss four cts vs loss seven cts
    Net loss 267,000 vs loss 445,000
    Revs 6,407,000 vs 7,428,000
    NOTE: Full name is Thor Energy Resources Inc
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19815>
Oper shr loss 13 cts vs profit three cts
    Oper net loss 644,000 vs profit 184,000
    Revs 24.9 mln vs 22.1 mln
    Year
    Oper shr loss nine cts vs profit 21 cts
    Oper net loss 429,000 vs profit 1,123,000
    Revs 90.8 mln vs 86.5 mln
   
    NOTE: Revenues exclude medical publishing and retail
operations the company decided to dispose of during the fourth
quarter which had fiscal year revenues of 17.3 mln dlrs vs 14.4
mln dlrs.
    Operating results exclude discontinued operations which had
year loss of 364,000 dlrs vs profit 313,000 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19850>
Shr 20 cts vs 12 cts
    Net 34,088,000 vs 18,727,000
    Revs 340.4 mln vs 200.3 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 53 cts vs 31 cts
    Net 88,661,000 vs 49,059,000
    Revs 926.5 mln vs 560.1 mln
    Avg shrs 151.1 mln vs 137.0 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19854>
Oper shr 38 cts vs 32 cts
    Qtly div 12 cts vs 12 cts
    Oper net 5,430,000 vs 4,707,000
    Revs 169.1 mln vs 139.4 mln
    Year
    Oper shr 1.50 dlrs vs 1.32 dlrs
    Oper net 21.5 mln vs 19.1 mln
    Revs 602.5 mln vs 524.4 mln
    NOTE: 1986 operating net in both periods excludes loss 8.2
mln dlrs, or 56 cts a share, from discontinued operations
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19862>
Qtr ended April 30
    Shr profit one ct vs loss three cts
    Net profit 146,000 vs loss 203,000
    Revs 2,001,000 vs 1,493,000
    Year
    Shr profit four cts vs loss 13 cts
    Net profit 445,000 vs loss 827,000
    Revs 7,135,000 vs 5,237,000
    NOTE: Full name is Precision Target Marketing Inc. Latest
year and quarter includes extraordinary gains of 214,000 dlrs,
or three cts a share, and 85,000 dlrs, or one ct a share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19865>
Periods ended April 30
    Shr 83 cts vs 94 cts
    net 5,583,000 vs 8,403,000
    Revs 28.8 mln vs 29.4 mln
    Avg shrs 6,754,000 vs 6,802,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19887>
Shr 40 cts vs 11 cts
    Net 8,265,000 vs 2,255,000
    Sales 248.3 mln vs 245.4 mln
    Six mths
    Shr 94 cts vs 51 cts
    Net 19.4 mln vs 10.6 mln
    Sales 531 mln vs 535.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19915>
Shr 16 cts vs two cts
    Net 391,000 vs 57,000
    Sales 7,917,000 vs 7,255,000
    Six mths
    Shr 47 cts vs 17 cts
    Net 1,164,000 vs 422,000
    Sales 27.9 mln vs 24.3 mln
    NOTE: Full company name is Washington Scientific Industries
Inc. Second quarter ended June seven.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19933>
Shr loss 79 cts vs profit 30 cts
    Net loss 2.1 mln dlrs vs profit 675,935 dlrs
    Revs 5.5 mln dlrs vs 9.1 mln dlrs
    Note:the year ended March 31. The company's full name is   
 Advanced Institutional Management Software Inc
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19957>
Shr profit two cts vs loss two cts
    Net profit 123,000 vs loss 104,000
    Revs 12.5 mln vs nil
    Note: 1987 period includes 112,000 dlr extraordinary gain.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19966>
Shr five cts vs one ct
    Net 299,869 vs 54,775
    Revs 5.7 mln vs 5.2 mln
    Note: period ended April 30.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19978>
Shr 64 cts vs 40 cts
    Net 5,597,000 vs 3,426,000
    Revs 83.5 mln vs 47.4 mln
    Six mths
    Shr 1.15 dlrs vs 60 cts
    Net 10 mln vs 5,201,000
    Revs 147.6 mln vs 91.5 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20105>
Shr 28 cts vs 14 cts
    Net 3,110,000 vs 1,286,000
    Revs 112.7 mln vs 93.8 mln
    Avg shrs 11.2 mln vs 9,148,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 58 cts vs 15 cts
    Net 6,377,000 vs 1,332,000
    Revs 307.8 mln vs 233.8 mln
    Avg shrs 10.9 mln vs 9,148,000
    NOTE: Company 81.4 pct owned by Primerica Corp &lt;PA>.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20112>
Shr 22 cts vs 20 cts
    Net 2,963,000 vs 2,696,000
    Sales 26.5 mln vs 19.4 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20117>
Shr 51 cts vs 42 cts
    Net 20.3 mln vs 16.7 mln
    Sales 216.9 mln vs 184.5 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.47 dlrs vs 1.21 dlrs
    Net 58.2 mln vs 47.6 mln
    Sales 611.2 mln vs 547.0 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20118>
Shr 87 cts vs 62 cts
    Net 2,604,000 vs 1,856,000
    Sales 72.7 mln vs 64.6 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 2.71 dlrs vs 1.97 dlrs
    Net 8,121,000 vs 5,834,000
    Sales 215.7 mln vs 193.0 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20119>
Shr profit four cts vs loss 56 cts
    Net profit 2,043,000 vs loss 25.7 mln
    Revs 111.3 mln vs 64.7 mln
    Avg shrs 48.3 mln vs 45.8 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr loss 18 cts vs loss 63 cts
    Net loss 8,695,000 vs loss 28.4 mln
    REvs 308.4 mln vs 228.4 mln
    Avg shrs 48.0 mln vs 44.8 mln
    NOTE: 1986 net includes tax credits of 1,646,000 dlrs in
quarter and 3,401,000 dlrs in nine mths.
    1987 nine mths results restated for pooled acquisition of
Bidtek Inc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20129>
Shr 42 cts vs 1.53 dlrs
    Net 33,085,000 vs 123,450,000
    Revs 535.0 mln vs 496.7 mln
    Avg shrs 78,755,000 vs 80,666,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.24 dlrs vs 3.35 dlrs
    Net 98,322,000 vs 271,512,000
    Revs 1.58 billion vs 1.49 billion
    Avg shrs 78,999,000 vs 81,022,000
    NOTE: 1987 per-share earnings include Daily News severance
charges of 11 cts a share in the quarter and 13 cts a share for
the nine months
    1986 net income includes non-recurring gains of 1.11 dlrs a
share in the quarter and 2.23 dlrs a share in the nine months
and five cts a share Daily News severance charges
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20132>
Shr 45 cts vs 64 cts
    Net 57.8 mln vs 79.4 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.53 dlrs vs 1.87 dlrs
    Net 195.8 mln vs 228.9 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20135>
Shr profit 11 cts vs loss 28 cts
    Net profit 515,000 vs loss 1,328,000
    Sales 31.0 mln vs 32.1 mln
    Avg shrs 4,600,199 vs 4,815,062
    1st half
    Shr loss 23 cts vs profit 10 cts
    Net loss 1,033,000 vs profit 482,000
    Sales 58.5 mln vs 62.1 mln
    Avg shrs 4,565,752 vs 4,883,711
    NOTE: 1986 half net includes pretax gain 4,150,000 dlrs
from sale of option to buy facility.
    Backlog 28.1 mln dlrs vs 22.5 mln dlrs at end of previous
quarter and 21.0 mln dlrs at end of prior year's second quarter.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20138>
Shr 1.72 dlrs vs 87 cts
    Net 330,000,000 vs 167,000,000
    Sales 3.36 billion vs 2.74 billion
    Avg shrs 192,200,000 vs 191,700,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 4.62 dlrs vs 2.95 dlrs
    Net 888,000,000 vs 564,000,000
    Sales 9.78 billion vs 8.31 billion
    Avg shrs 191,100,000 vs 191,500,000
    NOTE: Earnings include a loss of 3.0 mln dlrs, or one ct a
share in the 1986 quarter from early extinguishment of debt
    Earnings include losses in the nine months of 3.0 mln dlrs,
or two cts a share vs 8.0 mln dlrs, or four cts a share from
early extinguishment of debt
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20140>
June 30 end
    Shr 33 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 1,687,623 vs 636,500
    Revs 18.7 mln vs 8,973,143
    Year
    Shr 96 cts vs 66 cts
    Net 4,821,637 vs 3,309,017
    Revs 58.8 mln vs 27.2 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20151>
Shr 51 cts
    Net 51 mln dlrs vs 65 mln dlrs
    Revs 1.3 billion vs 1.1 billion
    Nine mths
    Shr 2.07 dlrs
    Net 189 mln vs 215 mln
    Revs 3.9 billion vs 3.3 billion
    NOTE: Full name is Shearson Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc
    Company went public May 7, 1987
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20161>
Shr 1.08 dlrs vs 88 cts
    Net 409,000,000 vs 328,000,000
    Revs 12.19 billion vs 11.17 billion
    Avg shrs 378.2 mln vs 368.4 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 2.86 dlrs vs 2.17 dlrs
    Net 1.09 billion vs 808.3 mln
    Revs 34.39 billion vs 31.31 billion
    Avg shrs 377.7 mln vs 366.2 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20165>
Shr 32 cts vs 25 cts
    Net 15.9 mln vs 12.1 mln
    Revs 236.2 mln vs 221.9 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 88 cts vs 68 cts
    Net 43.5 mln vs 32.8 mln
    Revs 693.9 mln vs 629.2 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20166>
Shr 65 cts vs 63 cts
    Net 52.7 mln vs 47.7 mln
    Revs 1.16 billion vs 976.6 mln
    Avg shrs 79.9 mln vs 74.3 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.73 dlrs vs 1.54 dlrs
    Net 141.4 mln vs 117.9 mln
    Revs 3.39 billion vs 2.75 billion
    NOTE: Share after preferred dividends.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20168>
Shr nil vs loss 14 cts
    Net 1,697,000 vs loss 41.9 mln
    Revs 1.2 billion vs 1.1 billion
    Avg shrs 276.4 mln vs 285.6 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr profit 13 cts vs profit 56 cts
    Net profit 36.8 mln vs 161.5 mln
    Revs 3.4 billoin vs 3.8 billion
    Avg shrs 278.2 mln vs 288.9 mln
    NOTE: 1987 3rd qtr includes 152.6 mln dlrs for continuing
operations, which includes a 69 mln dlrs after-tax gain on sale
of company's investment in Compagnie Luxembourgeoise de
Telediffusion.
    1987 3rd qtr and nine mths net includes a loss of 220 mln
dlrs or 79 cts a share for discontinued operations and 70 mln
dlrs or 25 cts a share for extraordinary gain.
    1986 3rd qtr and nine mths net includes a loss of 59 mln
dlrs or 20 cts a share from continuing operations mainly for
employee layoff costs in oilfied services, sale of small
electronic business and unfavorable lease comitments.
   
    1987 nine mths net also includes a loss of 220 mln dlrs
from discontinued operations due to completion of previously
announced sale of Fairchild Semiconductor business.
    1987 extraordinary item of 70.1 mln dlrs relates to award
from Iran-U.S. Claims Tribunal from Iran's seizure of SEDCO Inc
drilling business in 1979 prior to its acquisition by
Schlumberger.
    1986 3rd qtr and nine mths net also includes in
discontinued operations a loss of 36 mln dlrs from Fairchild
Semiconductor offset by a 53 mln dlrs gain from favorable
settlement of litigation with Data General.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20170>
Shr profit 2.77 dlrs vs profit 1.35 dlrs
    Net 155.0 mln vs 77.4 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr loss 1.43 dlrs vs profit 3.66 dlrs
    Net loss 60.4 mln vs profit 195.2 mln
    Assets 45.15 billion vs 42.69 billion
    Loans 36.33 billion vs 34.46 billion
    Deposits 29.7 billion vs 23.3 billion
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20174>
Shr 31 cts vs 18 cts
    Net 90 mln vs 51 mln
    Sales 1.58 billion vs 1.42 billion
    Avg shrs 274 mln vs 269 mln
    Nine Mths
    Shr 79 cts vs 42 cts
    Net 233 mln vs 129 mln
    Sales 4.58 billion vs 4.22 billion
    Avg shrs 238 mln vs 267 mln
    NOTE: 1987 results include Caremark Inc from August 3.
Caremark acquisition reduced 1987 nine months net by five cts,
offset by a three ct gain from the sale of securities.
    1986 third quarter net excludes gains from discontinued
operations of 12 mln dlrs or four cts; a gain from sale of
discontinued operations of 285 mln dlrs or 1.06 dlrs; and a
charge from early repayment of debt of 58 mln dlrs or 22 cts.
    1986 nine months net excludes gains from discontinued
operations of 38 mln dlrs or 14 cts; a gain from sale of
discontinued operations of 285 mln dlrs or 1.06 dlrs; and a
charge from early repayment of debt of 58 mln dlrs or 22 cts.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20176>
Oper shr profit 20 cts vs loss 22 cts
    Oper net profit 2,111,000 vs loss 1,605,000
    Revs 89.6 mln vs 27.2 mln
    Nine mths
    Oper shr profit 47 cts vs loss 15 cts
    Oper net profit 4,116,000 vs loss 1,029,000
    Revs 252.1 mln vs 87.9 mln
    NOTE: 1986 net excludes losses from discontinued operations
of 791,000 dlrs in quarter and 1,168,000 dlrs in nine mths.
    1986 nine mths net excludes gain 4,726,000 dlrs from
cumulative effect of pension accounting change.
    1987 net excludes tax credits of 1,569,000 dlrs in quarter
and 2,894,000 dlrs in nine mths.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20180>
Shr 91 cts vs 17 cts
    Net 124,100,000 vs 21,200,000
    Sales 2.83 billion vs 2.22 billion
    Nine mths
    Shr 2.47 dlrs vs 2.02 dlrs
    Net 337,400,000 vs 294,200,000
    Sales 7.98 billion vs 6.33 billion
    Avg shrs 136,700,000 vs 142,500,000
    NOTE: 1986 earnings include a loss from discontinuedoperations of 50.3 mln dlrs, or 35 cts a share in the quarter
and a gain of 21.2 mln dlrs, or 15 cts a share in the nine
months
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20181>
Shr 60 cts vs 48 cts
    Net 35.0 mln vs 27.8 mln
    Revs 147.2 mln vs 131.6 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.67 dlrs vs 1.38 dlrs
    Net 97.3 mln vs 77.9 mln
    Revs 422.4 mln vs 385.5 mln
    Avg shrs 58.4 mln vs 56.5 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20187>
Shr 1.18 dlrs vs 87 cts
    Net 149.6 mln vs 134 mln
    Revs 1.1 billion vs 956 mln
    Avg shrs 127.3 mln vs 154.5 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 3.36 dlrs vs 2.42 dlrs
    Net 428.1 mln vs 373.7 mln
    Revs 3.1 billion vs 2.7 billion
   
    NOTE: 1987 3rd qtr and nine mths net includes a charge of
11 mln dlrs or nine cts a share and 31.8 mln dlrs or 25 cts a
share for the interest expense for share repurchases.
    1986 nine mths net includes a charge of 28.9 mln dlrs or 19
cts a share for early retirement program and withdrawal of
Contac cold remedy from the market due to tampering.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20189>
Shr 77 cts vs 50 cts
    Net 56.5 mln vs 36.4 mln
    Sales 583.3 mln vs 515.9 mln
    Nine months
    Shr 2.02 dlrs vs 1.19 dlrs
    Net 148.5 mln vs 87.1 mln
    Sales 1.69 billion vs 1.51 billion
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20191>
Shr 75 cts vs 64 cts
    Net 11,174,000 vs 7,408,000
    Sales 218.8 mln vs 106.3 mln
    NIne Mths
    Shr 1.80 dlrs vs 1.54 dlrs
    Net 23,762,000 vs 16,603,000
    Sales 414.8 mln vs 295.9 mln
    NOTE: 1987 net income excludes preferred dividends
of 2.4 mln dlrs in the quarter and 2.7 mln dlrs in the nine
months compared with 188,000 dlrs and 563,000 dlrs in 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20195>
Shr 69 cts vs 62 cts
    Net 4,401,000 vs 3,808,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.99 dlrs vs 1.77 dlrs
    Net 12.6 mln vs 10.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20206>
Shr 37 cts vs 42 cts
    Net 26.6 mln vs 30.0 mln
    Sales 805.4 mln vs 690.6 mln
    Avg shrs 70.6 mln vs 71.0 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.23 dlrs vs 1.23 dlrs
    Net 86.8 mln vs 88.5 mln
    Sales 2.30 billion vs 2.01 billion
    Avg shrs 70.3 mln vs 72.2 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20207>
Shr 99 cts vs 42 cts
    Net 17.6 mln vs 7,528,000
    Sales 424.2 mln vs 376.8 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 2.21 dlrs vs 94 cts
    Net 39.3 mln vs 16.8 mln
    Sales 1.20 billion vs 1.10 billion
    NOTE: Share adjusted for two-for-one stock split in April
1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20213>
Shr 1.04 dlrs vs 87 cts
    Net 77.7 mln vs 64.2 mln
    Revs 533.7 mln vs 461.8 mln
    Avg shrs 74.7 mln vs 73.9 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 3.35 dlrs vs 2.63 dlrs
    Net 249.5 mln vs 193.9 mln
    Revs 1.63 billion vs 1.36 billion
    Avg shrs 74.5 mln vs 73.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20215>
Shr 77 cts vs 1.07 dlrs
    Net 14,455,000 vs 20,083,000
    Sales 334.4 mln vs 348.5 mln
    Nine Mths
    Shr 2.40 dlrs vs 3.04 dlrs
    Net 45,00,000 vs 56,928,000
    Sales 987.4 mln vs 1.04 billion
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20217>
Shr 68 cts vs 61 cts
    Shr diluted 66 cts vs 60 cts
    Net 18.6 mln vs 16.5 mln
    Avg shrs 27.5 mln vs 26.6 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.40 dlrs vs 1.76 dlrs
    Shr diluted 1.38 dlrs vs 1.71 dlrs
    Net 38.9 mln vs 46.9 mln
    Avg shrs 27.4 mln vs 25.8 mln
    NOTE: Share adjusted for July 1987 10 pct stock dividend.
    Results restated for pooled acquisitions.
    Net includes loan loss provisions of 5,765,000  dlrs vs
4,252,000 dlrs in quarter and 43.3 mln dlrs vs 15.4 mln dlrs in
nin mths.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20220>
Net 33.6 mln vs 11.1 mln
    Revs 319.6 mln vs 295.1 mln
    Nine mths
    Net 97.3 mln vs 30.0 mln
    Revs 997.8 mln vs 860.0 mln
    NOTE: Company does not report per share earnings as it is a
privately-owned concern.
    Net amounts reported are before taxes, profit sharing, and
contribution to employee stock ownership trust.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20221>
Shr 37 cts vs 41 cts
    Net 35 mln vs 38 mln
    Revs not given
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.32 dlrs vs 1.18 dlrs
    Net 123 mln vs 106 mln
    Revs not given
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20223>
Shr 67 cts vs 65 cts
    Net 18.9 mln vs 18.6 mln
    Revs 399.0 mln vs 391 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.70 dlrs vs 1.98 dlrs
    Net 48.2 mln vs 56.9 mln
    Revs 1.18 billion vs 1.2 billion
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20226>
Shr profit 47 cts vs profit 1.78 dlrs
    Net profit 16 mln vs profit 53 mln
    Avg shrs 27.7 mln vs 27.4 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr loss 22.51 dlrs vs profit 5.78 dlrs
    Net loss 610 mln vs profit 168 mln
    Avg shrs 217.6 mln vs 27.3 mln
    Assets 33.14 billion vs 33.89 billion
    Deposits 22.01 billion vs 19.86 billion
    Loans 21.76 billion vs 22.70 billion
    NOTE: Net includes loan loss provisions of 40 mln dlrs vs
48 mln dlrs in quarter and 748 mln dlrs vs 217 mln dlrs in nine
mths.
    Net includes pretax gains on sale of securities of 11 mln
dlrs vs 29 mln dlrs in quarter and 13 mln dlrs vs 130 mln dlrs
in nine mths.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20228>
Shr 28 cts vs 14 cts
    Net 3,110,000 vs 1,286,000
    Sales 112.7 mln vs 93.8 mln
    Avg shrs 11.2 mln vs 9.1 mln
    Nine Mths
    Shr 58 cts vs 15 cts
    Net 6,377,000 vs 1,332,000
    Sales 307.8 mln vs 233.8 mln
    Avg shrs 10.9 mln vs 9.1 mln
    NOTE: Effective September 25, 1987, Primerica Corp &lt;PA>
owned 81.4 pct of Musicland's common shares.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20233>
Shr 95 cts vs 87 cts
    Net 51.6 mln vs 47.3 mln
    Revs 1.39 billion vs 1.26 billion
    Nine mths
    Shr 2.27 dlrs vs 1.93 dlrs
    Net 123.5 mln vs 104.6 mln
    Revs 3.92 billion vs 3.53 billion
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20234>
ended sept 30
    Shr 22 cts vs 18 cts
    Net 4,127,000 vs 3,177,000
    Sales 70.2 mln vs 48.6 mln
    NOTE: Share adjusted for July 1987 two-for-one stock split.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20235>
Shr 1.52 dlrs vs 1.37 dlrs
    Net 144.5 mln vs 127.3 mln
    Revs 909.8 mln vs 824.7 mln
    Avg shrs 95.1 mln vs 92.9 mln
    12 mths
    Shr 4.62 dlrs vs 4.05 dlrs
    Net 435.9 mln vs 372.1 mln
    Revs 3.28 billion vs 2.94 billion
    Avg shrs 94.3 mln vs 91.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20237>
Oper shr 30 cts vs 26 cts
    Oper net 2,360,000 vs 2,018,000
    Revs 74.4 mln vs 70.1 mln
    Nine mths
    Oper shr 92 cts vs 92 cts
    Oper net 7,101,000 vs 7,116,000
    Revs 218.8 mln vs 209.2 mln
    NOTE: Earnings exclude a gain from utilization of tax loss
carryforwards of 978,000 dlrs, or 13 cts a share vs a loss of
4,967,000 dlrs, or 66 cts a share in the quarter and gains of
2,895,000 dlrs, or 37 cts a share vs 4,944,000 dlrs, or 64 cts
a share in the nine months
    1986 earnings exclude losses from discontinued operations
of 9,000,000 dlrs, or 1.19 dlrs a share in the quarter and
387,000 dlrs, or five cts a share in the nine months
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20241>
Shr 86 cts vs 96 cts
    Net 297 mln vs 325 mln
    Revs 2.95 billion vs 2.86 billion
    Nine mths
    Shr 2.30 dlrs vs 2.74 dlrs
    Net 785 mln vs 916 mln
    Revs 11.3 billion vs 11.1 billion
    NOTE: 1986 share results restated for 3-for-2 stock split
in January 1987
   
    1987 net in both periods includes business repositioning
gains of 16 mln dlrs, or five cts a share, and gains from early
retirement programs of 65 mln dlrs, or 20 cts a share
    1987 nine months net also includes pre-tax charge of 175
mln dlrs for GTE's share of a special write-off at U.S. Sprint
which reduced after tax net by 104 mln dlrs, or 31 cts a share
    1986 net in both periods includes business repositioning
gains of 32 mln dlrs, or 10 cts per share
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20249>
Shr 1.46 dlrs vs 1.41 dlrs
    Net 277.5 mln vs 268.3 mln dlrs
    Revs 2.13 billion vs 2.14 billion
    Nine Mths
    Shr 3.95 dlrs vs 3.78 dlrs
    Net 750.5 mln vs 718.4 mln
    Revs 6.28 billion vs 6.22 billion
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20251>
Shr 44 cts vs 1.23 dlrs
    Net 2,889,010 vs 8,105,462
    Sales 105.8 mln vs 119.6 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20252>
Shr 30 cts vs 31 cts
    Net 11.3 mln vs 11.7 mln
    Revs 26.5 mln vs 26.3 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 92 cts vs 95 cts
    Net 34.3 mln vs 35.5 mln
    Revs 78.8 mln vs 78.2 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20255>
Shr 34 cts vs 33 cts
    Net 1,031,000 vs 972,000
    Revs 27.9 mln vs 26.9 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 93 cts vs 76 cts
    Net 2,802,000 vs 2,267,000
    Revs 86.1 mln vs 77.7 mln
    NOTE: 1987 3rd qtr and nine mths revs includes sales to ADT
Inc of 3.0 mln dlrs and 10.9 mln dlrs. 1986 3rd qtr and nine
mths includes sales of 3.5 mln dlrs and 10.7 mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20256>
Shr 50 cts
    Net 2,751,000 vs 2,094,000
    Nine mths
    Net 6,993,000 vs 5,577,000
    Assets 603.1 mln vs 504.3 mln
    Loans 448.5 mln vs 358.1 mln
    Deposits 467.9 mln vs 447.7 mln
    NOTE: Per share figures for 1986 and 1987 nine mths not
available as bank converted to stock form of company in April
1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20257>
Shr 78 cts vs 61 cts
    Net 4,774,000 vs 3,683,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 2.14 dlrs vs 1.77 dlrs
    Net 13.1 mln vs 10.7 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20266>
Shr 1.11 dlrs vs 59 cts
    Net 42.6 mln vs 22.2 mln
    Sales 531.8 mln vs 407.4 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 2.45 dlrs vs 1.27 dlrs
    Net 93.7 mln vs 48.1 mln
    Sales 1.44 billion vs 1.12 billion
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20269>
Shr 64 cts vs 40 cts
    Net 14.9 mln vs 8,600,000
    Revs 468.5 mln vs 411.7 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 2.64 dlrs vs 2.96 dlrs
    Net 61.6 mln vs 67.0 mln
    Revs 1.43 billion vs 1.32 billion
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20273>
Shr 70 cts vs 61 cts
    Net 200.2 mln vs 173.9 mln
    Sales 1.38 billion vs 1.26 billion
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.87 dlrs vs 1.54 dlrs
    Net 535.6 mln vs 437.8 mln
    Sales 4.04 billion vs 3.63 billion
    NOTE: Share adjusted for two-for-one stock split.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20274>
Shr 14 cts vs 15 cts
    Net 867,000 vs 956,000
    Revs 9,203,000 vs 5,304,000
    Six mths
    Shr 18 cts vs 34 cts
    Net 1,111,000 vs 1,747,000
    Revs 16.7 mln vs 10.4 mln
    NOTE: 1987 2nd qtr and six mths net includes 279,000 dlrs
and 432,000 dlrs for tax credits. 1986 2nd qtr and six mths net
includes 361,000 dlrs and 1,747,000 dlrs for tax credits.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20278>
Shr 30 cts vs 12 cts
    Net 3,059,000 vs 1,258,000
    Revs 36.2 mln vs 29.1 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 67 cts vs 24 cts
    Net 6,855,000 vs 2,442,000
    Revs 100.9 mln vs 77.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20279>
Shr 35 cts vs 30 cts
    Net 3,997,000 vs 3,442,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.04 dlrs vs not given
    Net 12.0 mln vs 8,161,000
    NOTE: Company went public in July 1986.
    Net includes loan loss provisions of 500,000 dlrs vs
105,000 dlrs in quarter and 1,100,000 dlrs vs 105,000 dlrs in
nine mths.
    Net includes pretax gains on sale of assets of 162,000 dlrs
vs 400,000 dlrs in quarter and 877,000 dlrs vs 1,229,000 dlrs
in nine mths.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20284>
Shr diluted 31 cts vs 60 cts
    Net 3,276,776 vs 6,846,367
    Revs 187.7 mln vs 181.3 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr diluted 52 cts vs 1.51 dlrs
    Net 5,301,876 vs 16.4 mln
    Revs 535.7 mln vs 513.0 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20286>
Shr 3.71 dlrs vs 95 cts
    Net 233.8 mln vs 62.8 mln
    Revs 997.8 mln vs 938.0 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 5.06 dlrs vs 2.24 dlrs
    Net 327.2 mln vs 148.0 mln
    Revs 3.00 billion vs 2.70 billion
     NOTE: Realized investment gains net of taxes for 1987 3rd
qtr and nine mths were 147.0 mln dlrs and 271.0 mln dlrs,
respectively. Realized investment gains for 1986 3rd qtr and
nine mths were 18.6 mln dlrs and 33.6 mln dlrs, respectively.
    Company repurchased 1.2 mln shares of its stock during the
1987 3rd qtr.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20291>
Shr 26 cts vs 11 cts
    Net 8,700,000 vs 3,600,000
    Revs 988.9 mln vs 674.5 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 3.65 dlrs vs 1.38 dlrs
    Net 120.6 mln vs 43.6 mln
    Revs 2.7 billion vs 2.1 billion
   
    NOTE: Net for 1987 includes 4.4 mln from discontinued
opers, 51.6 mln after tax gain on sale of E.F. Hutton Insurance
Group, and 36.6 mln on extraordinary gains from utiliazation of
loss carryforward.
    Net in 1986 included 10.8 mln from discontinued opers and
an extraordinary credit of 5.2 mln from utilization of loss
carryforwards.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20299>
shr profit 2.73 dlrs vs 2.29 dlrs
    net 129.1 mln vs 105.8 mln
    nine mths
    shr loss 28.33 dlrs vs profit 6.42 dlrs
    net loss 1.16 billion vs profit 301.8 mln
    NOTE: 3rd qtr includes previously reported gain of 55.0 mln
dlrs, or 29.4 mln after-tax, by capturing excess pension funds.
    Nine mths include 1.7 billion dlr addition to loan loss
reserves in 2nd qtr, mostly for shaky LDC debts.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20300>
Shr 23 cts vs 23 cts
    Net 31.9 mln vs 15.7 mln
    Revs 876.9 mln vs 401.2 mln
    Avg shrs 140.1 mln vs 68.6 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 53 cts vs 42 cts
    Net 74.0 mln vs 28.9 mln
    Revs 2.55 billion vs 1.17 billion
    Avg shrs 140.1 mln vs 68.6 mln
    NOTE: Results include acquired bottling companies from
dates of acquisition.
    On pro forma basis, as if all acquisitions had been in
place from the start of the period, company earned 5,704,000
dlrs or four cts per share on 140.0 mln shares outstanding with
revenues of 826.2 mln dlrs for quarter and earned 14.1 mln dlrs
or 10 cts per share on same number of shares and revenues of
2.41 billion dlrs for nine mths.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20302>
Shr 80 cts vs 72 cts
    Net 18,900,000 vs 17,100,000
    Sales 267.4 mln vs 288.6 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 2.26 dlrs vs 2.04 dlrs
    Net 53,600,000 vs 48,200,000
    Sales 839.3 mln vs 836.3 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20304>
Shr 2.03 dlrs vs 1.53 dlrs
    Net 146.4 mln vs 110.3 mln
    Nine months
    shr loss 3.99 dlrs vs profit 4.62 dlrs
    net loss 283.3 mln vs profit 330.5 mln
    Avg shrs 71.08 mln vs 69.26 mln
    Assets 56.9 billion vs 50.7 billion
    Deposits 30.4 billion vs 25.9 billion
    Loans 26.3 billion vs 25.7 billion
    Note : Nine month loss reflects 700 mln dlr increase in
loan loss provisions.
    Without the tax benefit, third-quarter net income would
have been 127.6 mln dlrs, up 16 pct or 17.4 mln dlrs from the
third quarter of 1986.
    Non-interest income totaled 342.6 mln dlrs in the third
quarter, up 47 pct or 109.7 mln dlrs, largely due to increased
income from foreign exchange trading, fees and commissions.
    Foreign exchange trading income totaled 71.3 mln dlrs, up
44.3 mln from a year ago. Provision for loan losses in the
third quarter was 20 mln dlrs versis 40 mln a year previously.
    At September 30, the provision for loan losses jumped to
1.30 billion dlrs from 455 mln at the same time last year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20308>
Shr profit 23 cts vs profit 49 cts
    Net profit 24.1 mln vs profit 49.6 mln
    Revs 755.4 mln vs 708.3 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr loss 84 cts vs profit 1.53 dlrs
    Net loss 80.7 mln vs profit 152.3 mln
    Revs 1.19 billion vs 2.32 billion
    NOTE: Per shr reflects payment of preferred dividends.
    Results include loss of 7,435,000 or eight cts shr in prior
nine mths from discontinued operations.
    Latest nine month results include one-time charge of 1.09
dlrs share relating to US Sprint.
    Revenues exclude those for US Sprint, a joint venture with
GTE Corp &lt;GTE>.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20309>
Shr 70 cts vs 61 cts
    Net 200.2 mln vs 173.9 mln
    Sales 1.38 billion vs 1.26 billion
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.87 dlrs vs 1.54 dlrs
    Net 535.6 mln vs 437.8 mln
    Sales 4.04 billion vs 3.63 billion
    NOTE: Share adjusted for two-for-one stock split.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20310>
Shr 25 cts vs 19 cts
    Net 687,000 vs 514,000
    Sales 20.7 mln vs 13.2 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20314>
Shr 53 cts vs 38 cts
    Net 22,249,000 vs 15,356,000
    Sales 189.1 mln vs 166.5 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.56 dlrs vs 1.21 dlrs
    Net 64,707,000 vs 49,603,000
    Sales 559.2 mln vs 492.4 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20319>
Shr loss two cts vs profit two cts
    Net profit 253,000 vs profit 356,000
    Revs 17.5 mln vs 12.3 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr profit one cent vs profit 21 cts
    Net profit 628,000 vs profit 2,921,000
    Revs 54.9 mln vs 36.0 mln
    NOTE: 1987 qtr and nine mths includes gain 106,000 dlrs, or
one cent per share, and 846,000 dlrs, or six cts per share,
respectively, from utilization of tax loss carryforward.
   
    1986 qtr and nine mths includes gain 178,000 dlrs, or one
cent per share, and gain 810,000 dlrs, or six cts per share,
respectively, from utilization of tax loss carryforward.
    1987 nine mths includes loss 1,519,000 dlrs,  or 11 cts per
share, from early extinguishment of debt.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20324>
Shr primary 1.79 dlrs vs 1.72 dlrs
    Shr diluted 1.39 dlrs vs 1.34 dlrs
    Net 12.1 mln vs 11.7 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr primary 5.56 dlrs vs 4.41 dlrs
    Shr diluted 4.30 dlrs vs 3.74 dlrs
    Net 37.3 mln vs 29.1 mln
    Assets 3.92 billion vs 3.83 billion
    Loans 3.05 billion vs 2.99 billion
   
    NOTE: 1987 qtr and nine mths includes gain 6,016,000 dlrs
and 18.7 mln dlrs, respectively, from utilization of net
operating loss carryforward.
    1986 qtr and nine mths includes gain 6,233,000 dlrs and
15.5 mln dlrs, respectively, from utilization of net operating
loss carryforward.
    Full name of company is american savings bank fsb of new
york.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20332>
Shr 4.77 dlrs vs 1.65 dlrs
    Net 61.3 mln vs 21.1 mln
    Revs 312.9 mln vs 291.5 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 9.51 dlrs vs 4.98 dlrs
    Net 122.3 mln vs 63.9 mln
    Revs 950.4 mln vs 881.8 mln
    NOTE: 1987 net in both periods includes gains of 24.2 mln
dlrs, or 1.88 dlrs a share, from sale of interest in Detroit
Cellular telephone company and 6.1 mln dlrs, or 47 cts a share,
from sale of interest in sportschannel Cable programing
network.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20334>
Shr 66 cts vs 57 cts
    Net 64.0 mln vs 52.9 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.49 dlrs vs 1.64 dlrs
    Net 142.2 mln vs 153.3 mln
    Assets 18.04 billion vs 16.63 billion
    Deposits 13.97 billion vs 12.78 billion
    Loans 12.54 billion vs 10.81 billion
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20337>
Shr 41 cts vs 28 cts
    Net 66.2 mln vs 41.8 mln
    Revs 824.1 mln vs 693.3 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.50 dlrs vs 87 cts
    Net 236.1 mln vs 123.8 mln
    Revs 2.38 billion vs 2.02 billion
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20339>
Shr 72 cts vs 56 cts
    Qtly div 18 cts vs 18 cts prior
    Net 18.7 mln vs 14.4 mln
    Revs 239.7 mln vs 187.1 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.87 dlrs vs 1.26 dlrs
    Net 48.3 mln vs 32.5 mln
    Revs 676.9 mln vs 574.8 mln
    NOTE: Dividend payable December 1 to shareholders of record
October 30.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20340>
Shr 1.54 dlrs vs 1.27 dlrs
    Net 7,065,000 vs 5,812,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 4.25 dlrs vs 3.40 dlrs
    Net 19.5 mln vs 15.6 mln
    Assets 2.84 billion vs 1.87 billion
    Deposits 2.51 billion vs 1.67 billion
   
    NOTE: 1987 qtr and nine mths includes gain 2,500,000 dlrs,
or 54 cts per share, from utilization of tax loss carryforward.
    1986 qtr and nine mths includes gain 2,158,000 dlrs, or 47
cts per share, and 5,567,000 dlrs, or 1.22 dlrs per shr,
respectively, from utilization of tax loss carryforward.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20344>
Shr 96 cts vs 83 cts
    Net 119.3 mln vs 102.8 mln
    Revs 1.01 billion vs 869.9 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 2.53 dlrs vs 2.01 dlrs
    Net 313.6 mln vs 248.5 mln
    Revs 2.83 billion vs 2.52 billion
    NOTE: 1986 nine month earnings include nonrecurring loss of
9.9 mln dlrs, or eight cents a share, from purchase of 123.7
mln dlrs principal amount of the company's 150 mln dlr 12-1/4
pct debentures due February 15, 2015.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20353>
Shr 31 cts vs 26 cts
    Net 1,858,000 vs 1,388,000
    Sales 27.1 mln vs 18.7 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 87 cts vs 76 cts
    Net 5,126,000 vs 3,798,000
    Sales 70.6 mln vs 57.2 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20357>
Shr 21 cts vs 19 cts
    Net 2,560,000 vs 2,359,000
    Revs 70.0 mln vs 56.0 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 54 cts vs 42 cts
    Net 6,574,000 vs 5,100,000
    Revs 207.7 mln vs 174.0 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20358>
Shr 72 cts vs 74 cts
    Net 11.9 mln vs 11.9 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 2.18 dlrs vs 2.18 dlrs
    Net 35.0 mln vs 34.6 mln
    Assets 4.6 billion vs 4.3 billlion
    Loans 3.1 billion vs 2.8 billion
    NOTE: 1986 3rd qtr includes securities after tax gain of
1,519,000 dlrs or 10 cts a share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20363>
Shr profit seven cts vs profit 32 cts
    Net profit 154,398 vs profit 694,521
    Revs 17.7 mln vs 19.5 mln
    Year
    Shr profit 86 cts vs loss 50 cts
    Net profit 1,862,986 vs loss 1,078,535
    Revs 78.2 mln vs 81.4 mln
    NOTE: 1987 year results include extraordinary credit of
459,000 dlrs or 21 cts per shr due to utilization of tax loss
carryforward.
   
    Fiscal 1987 nonrecurring income items totaled 4,322,342 vs
1,393,187 in 1986.
    Qtr 1987 includes 446,000 dlrs or 20 cts per shr
extraordinary charge due to duction in utilization of tax
loss carryforward.
    Nonrecurring income items totaled 2,564 in three mths
1987 vs 1,211,196 in three mths 1986.
    Nonrecurring income for year 1987 included pretax gain of
4,307,180 dlrs on sale of company's leasehold of Glen Oaks
store on Dec 16, 1986.
   
    The company discontinued operations in that unit on Jan.
17, 1987.
    Nonrecurring income for three and 12 months 1986 included 
575,000 for settlement of litigation and a gain of 618,719 dlrs
on surrender of leaseholds.
    The 12 month period also included refund of prior year's
real estate tadxes of 136,964.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20364>
Shr 45 cts vs 61 cts
    Net 504,000 vs 683,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.83 dlrs vs 2.42 dlrs
    Net 2,043,000 vs 2,183,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20365>
Qtr ended September 30.
    Shr 83 cts vs 75 cts
    Net 3,053,000 vs 2,775,000
    Assets 1.2 billion vs 1.0 billion
    Deposits 851.8 mln vs 754.1 mln
    Loans 912.5 mln vs 798.1 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20367>
Period ended September 30.
    Shr 17 cts vs 10 cts
    Net 2.2 mln vs 1.3 mln
    Sales 40.6 mln vs 32.6 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20368>
Shr 65 cts vs 47 cts
    Net 17.7 mln vs 11.9 mln
    Revs 131.9 mln vs 128.4 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.77 dlrs vs 1.02 dlrs
    Net 49.0 mln vs 27.0 mln
    Revs 341.7 mln vs 269.5 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20370>
Shr 40 cts vs 75 cts
    Qtly div 15-1/2 cts vs 15-1/2 cts prior
    Net 11.7 mln vs 21.4 mln
    Revs 447.5 mln vs 445.2 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.04 dlrs vs 1.99 dlrs
    Net 29.9 mln vs 56.8 mln
    Revs 1.30 billion vs 1.28 billion
    NOTE: Full name is Yellow Freight System Inc. Dividend is
payable November 23, record November 9.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20371>
Shr 38 cts
    Net 1.3 mln vs 668,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 84 cts
    Net 2,892,000 vs 2,200,000
    NOTE: Company converted to stock ownership in July
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20372>
Shr 32 cts vs 26 cts
    Net 722,000 vs 597,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 92 cts vs 69 cts
    Net 2,100,000 vs 1,500,000
    NOTE: full name of company is florida employers insurance
co.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20373>
Shr 61 cts vs 55 cts
    Net 726,000 vs 669,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.78 dlrs vs 1.63 dlrs
    Net 2,133,000 vs 1,960,000
    NOTE: Full name is First Oak Brook Bancshares Inc
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20374>
Qtr ends Sept 30
    Shr profit seven cts vs loss two cts
    Net profit 228,691 vs loss 54,115
    Revs 2,415,419 vs 1,389,579
    Avg shrs 3,056,787 vs 2,933,058
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20376>
Shr 46 cts vs 33 cts
    Net 2,731,000 vs 1,928,000
    Sales 66.2 mln vs 58.8 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr seven cts vs 61 cts
    Net 6,310,000 vs 3,579,000
    Sales 171.8 mln vs 141.9 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20378>
Shr 37 cts vs 41 cts
    Net 1,214,000 vs 1,316,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.06 dlrs
    Net 3,408,000 vs 2,809,000
    Assets 204.8 mln vs 176.6 mln
    Deposit 154.0 mln vs 131.2 mln
    Loans 125.3 mln vs 100.7 mln
    NOTE: 1986 nine mths per share figures not available
because bank converted to stock form in June of 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20380>
Shr profit seven cts vs loss 1.77 dlrs
    Net profit 446,000 vs loss 9,370,000
    Revs 15.0 mln vs 13.3 mln
    Six mths
    Shr profit eight cts vs loss 1.87 dlrs
    Net profit 523,000 vs loss 9,883,000
    Revs 27.1 mln vs 27.1 mln
    Avg shrs 5,324,464 vs 5,324,350
    Note: Trillium Telephone Systems Inc
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20381>
Shr loss 39 cts vs profit 19 cts
    Net loss 433,424 vs profit 216,117
    Revs 6,469,001 vs 8,221,549
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20384>
Shr 55 cts vs 75 cts
    Net 218,000 vs 269,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 2.15 dlrs vs 3.45 dlrs
    Net 855,000 vs 920,000
    Assets 175.8 mln vs 166.9 mln
    Deposits 159.8 mln vs 154.3 mln
    Loans 155.7 mln vs 142.6 mln
   
    NOTE: 1987 nine mths includes gain 96,000 dlrs, or 24 cts
per share, from utilization of operating loss carryforward.
    1986 qtr and nine mths includes gain 128,000 dlrs, or 36
cts per share, and 445,000 dlrs, or 1.67 dlrs per share, from
utilization of operation loss carryforward.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20385>
Period ended September 26
    Shr 28 cts vs 14 cts
    Net 3,300,000 vs 1,300,000
    Sales 24.7 mln vs 11.2 mln
    Avg shrs 11,871,751 vs 9,398,952
    Nine mths
    Shr 76 cts vs 35 cts
    Net 9,000,000 vs 3,200,000
    Sales 69.3 mln vs 32.0 mln
    Avg shrs 11,833,883 vs 9,059,692
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20386>
Shr 77 cts vs nil
    Net 417,000 vs 1,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 2.39 dlrs vs 84 cts
    Net 1,298,000 vs 443,000
    Assets 290.7 mln vs 296.6 mln
    NOTE: full name of company is home federal savings and loan
association of the rockies.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20388>
Shr 19 cts vs 38 cts
    Net 397,000 vs 788,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 80 cts vs 1.19 dlrs
    Net 1,674,000 vs 2,455,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20391>
Shr 60 cts vs 57 cts
    Net 103.7 mln vs 96.5 mln
    Revs 472.5 mln vs 434.1 mln
    Avg shrs 152.3 mln vs 147.0 mln
    12 mths
    Shr 2.60 dlrs vs 2.44 dlrs
    Net 393.1 mln vs 347.1 mln
    Revs 1.79 billion vs 1.76 billion
    Avg shrs 150.9 mln vs 142.2 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20392>
Oper shr 71 cts vs 78 cts
    Oper net 42.9 mln vs 46.6 mln
    Revs 294.0 mln vs 274.9 mln
    Avg shrs 55.5 mln vs 54.0 mln
    Nine mths
    Oper shr 2.88 dlrs vs 3.07 dlrs
    Oper net 169.2 mln vs 181.5 mln
    Revs 993.4 mln vs 961.4 mln
    Avg shrs 55.2 mln vs 54.0 mln
    12 mths
    Oper shr 3.67 dlrs vs 3.76 dlrs
    Oper net 216.2 mln vs 224.4 mln
    Revs 1.31 billion vs 1.26 billion
    Avg shrs 54.9 mln vs 53.9 mln
    NOTE: 1987 nine month and 12 month operating net excludes
charges of 269 mln dlrs and 25 mln dlrs reflecting disallowed
costs of utility's 18 pct share of Nine Mile Point Number two
nuclear power plant and the abandoned Jamesport nuclear
project, respectively. The charges resulted in nine month share
loss of 2.44 dlrs and 12 month share loss of 1.68 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20393>
Shr profit 3.64 dlrs vs profit 1.64 dlrs
    Net profit 541 mln vs profit 247 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr loss 13.30 dlrs vs profit 5.11 dlrs
    Net loss 1.78 billion vs profit 752 mln
    NOTE: Net in nine mths 1987 vs 1986 includes provision for
possible credit losses of 4.19 billion vs 1.32 billion.
    Net in qtr 1987 vs 1986 includes provision for possible
crit losses of 320 mln vs 431 mln.
    Assets 200 billion vs 186 billion
    Loans 129.3 billion vs 122.3 billion
    Deposits 118.1 billion vs 111.0 billion
    3rd qtr 1987 reflects previously announced aftertax gain of
163 mln from recognition of pension plan over funding and 139
mln of tax benefits from the three billion provision.
    Net write offs in qtr 1987 vs 1986 totaled 338 mln vs 342
mln and in year to date 1987 vs 1986 of 1.06 billion vs 988
mln.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20395>
Shr 42 cts vs 34 cts
    Net 2,945,000 vs 2,400,000
    Sales 146.8 mln vs 117.2 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 2.45 dlrs vs 2.35 dlrs
    Net 17,280,000 vs 16,366,000
    Sales 465.6 mln vs 387.8 mln
    Avg shrs 7,046,000 vs 6,961,000
    NOTE: 1986 data restated for changes in method of
accounting for pensions
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20400>
Shr 16 cts vs 17 cts
    Net 988,000 vs 1,005,000
    Revs 19.7 mln vs 16.4 mln
    Avg shrs 6,206,487 vs 5,959,028
    Six Mths
    Shr 31 cts vs 28 cts
    Net 1,884,000 vs 1,662,000
    Revs 37.5 mln vs 30.8 mln
    Avg shrs 6,168,105 vs 5,950,842
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20401>
Shr 30 cts vs 73 cts
    Net 3,992,000 vs 8,526,00
    Nine Mths
    Shr 1.72 dlrs vs 1.74 dlrs
    Net 22,110,000 vs 20,379,000
    Avg shrs 13,459,000 vs 11,740,000
    Note: Prior nine month figures include extraordinary
after-tax loss of 10.9 mln dlrs, or 93 cts per share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20407>
Shr 17 cts vs 15 cts
    Net 565,000 vs 502,000
    Revs 20.0 mln vs 14.5 mln
    Note: Current qtr figures include tax loss carryforward
credit of 194,000 dlrs vs credit of 197,000 dlrs.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20412>
Shr 41 cts vs 80 cts
    Net 40.3 mln vs 78.9 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.58 dlrs vs 2.40 dlrs
    Net 155.0 mln vs 223.3 mln
    Avg shrs 98,353,350 vs 92,967,487
    Assets 27.48 billion vs 27.60 billion
    Loans 22.75 billion vs 19.00 billion
    Deposits 21.45 billion vs 21.31 billion
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20414>
Shr 50 cts vs 37 cts
    Net 16.1 mln vs 9,390,000
    Revs 168.1 mln vs 111.3 mln
    Avg shrs 12.5 mln vs 11.6 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.31 dlrs vs 86 cts
    Net 16.1 mln vs 9,390,000
    Revs 445.8 mln vs 244.6 mln
    Avg shrs 12.4 mln vs 10.9 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20415>
Shr 32 cts vs not given
    Net 1,041,000 vs 43,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.09 dlrs vs not given
    Net 3,586,000 vs 764,000
    NOTE: Company went public in October 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20419>
Shr profit three cts vs profit 36 cts
    Net profit 1,800,000 vs profit 19.2 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr profit 1.22 dlrs vs loss 44 cts
    Net 64.7 mln vs loss 23.5 mln
    NOTE: 1986 3rd qtr and nine months includes a profit of 2.8
mln dlrs and a loss of 66.7 mln dlrs from discontinued
operations.
    Earnings per share are reported after payment of preferred
stock dividends of subsidiaries.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20421>
Shr 31 cts vs 26 cts
    Net 3,308,000 vs 1,512,000
    Revs 6,467,000 vs 2,590,000
    Avg shrs 10.7 mln vs 5,788,594
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.32 dlrs vs 1.17 dlrs
    Net 10.2 mln vs 3,041,000
    Revs 18.7 mln vs 5,682,000
    Avg shrs 10.7 mln vs 3,780,626
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20432>
Shr profit five cts vs loss four cts
    Net profit 378,000 vs loss 140,000
    Revs 4,226,000 vs 1,240,000
    Nine mths
    Shr loss 38 cts vs loss 16 cts
    Net loss 1,088,000 vs 538,000
    Revs 10.1 mln vs 2,963,000
   
    NOTE: 1987 nine mths includes charge 1,827,000 dlrs for
exchange by an officer and director of 554,000 shares of junior
subordinated stock for 443,000 shares of common stock and a
10-year warrant to purchase 250,000 shares of common stock at
4.50 dlrs per share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20438>
Shr four cts vs 36 cts
    Net 254,000 vs 2,063,000
    Revs 130.0 mln vs 107.8 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 23 cts vs 1.16 dlrs
    Net 1,336,000 vs 6,659,000
    Revs 370.9 mln vs 313.7 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20440>
Shr 52 cts vs 47 cts
    Net 1,935,000 vs 1,495,000
    Revs 52.7 mln vs 43.1 mln
    Year
    Shr 83 cts vs 1.01 dlrs
    Net 3,775,000 vs 3,221,000
    Revs 172.7 mln vs 105.9 mln
    NOTE: Share figures for year are after payment of preferred
share dividend and include unspecified extraordinary items.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20442>
Shr 95 cts vs 30 cts
    Net 9,139,000 vs 2,894,000
    Revs 135.6 mln vs 118.5 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 2.81 dlrs vs 1.95 dlrs
    Net 27.0 mln vs 18.8 mln
    Revs 406.5 mln vs 372.8 mln

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20443>
Shr 99 cts vs 77 cts
    Net 12.7 mln vs 9,736,000
    Avg shrs 12.8 mln vs 12.7 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 2.67 dlrs vs 2.30 dlrs
    Net 34.0 mln vs 29.1 mln
    NOTE: Net includes pretax securities gains 16,000 dlrs vs
228,000 dlrs in quarter and 48,000 dlrs vs 1,673,000 dlrs in
nine mths.
    Net includes loan loss provisions 1,092,000 dlrs vs 790,000
dlrs in quarter and 3,089,000 dlrs vs 2,584,000 dlrs in nine
mths.   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20446>
Shr 38 cts vs not given
    Net 8,616,000 vs not given
    Revs 209.1 mln vs 169.8 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.76 dlrs vs not given
    Net 34.5 mln vs not given
    Revs 632.0 mln vs 551.5 mln
    NOTE: Year ago per share and net income not available as
company recapitalized on December 28, 1986 after it became a
new reporting entity for financial reporting purposes.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20448>
Shr primary 60 cts vs 42 cts
    Shr diluted 57 cts vs 41 cts
    Net 5,590,000 vs 3,721,000
    Revs 103.5 mln vs 91.8 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr primary 1.55 dlrs vs 1.41 dlrs
    Shr diluted 1.48 dlrs vs 1.34 dlrs
    Net 14.3 mln vs 12.7 mln
    Revs 300.5 mln vs 269.3 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20450>
Shr 38 cts vs 28 cts
    Net 18.6 mln vs 14.5 mln
    Revs 574.2 mln vs 493.3 mln
    Avg shrs 48,602,000 vs 50,487,000
    Nine months
    Shr 85 cts vs 61 cts
    Net 41.5 mln vs 32.8 mln
    Revs 1.62 billion vs 1.40 billion
    Avg shrs 48,622,000 vs 51,670,000
    NOTE: 1987 results do not include September acquisiton of
Denny's Inc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20453>
Shr loss 18 cts vs loss 3.61 dlrs
    Net loss 5,600,000 vs loss 100.2 mln
    Revs 33.5 mln vs 22.3 mln
    Avg units 30.9 mln vs 27.5 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr loss 22 cts vs loss 4.20 dlrs
    Net loss 6,800,000 vs loss 113.6 mln
    Revs 97.3 mln vs 83.4 mln
    Avg units 30.0 mln vs 26.8 mln
    NOTE: full name is sante fe energy partners l.p.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20455>
Shr 66 cts vs 61 cts
    Net 5,928,000 vs 5,447,000
    Revs 126.0 mln vs 89.8 mln
    Avg shrs 8,948,000 vs 8,947,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.96 dlrs vs 1.96 dlrs
    Net 17.5 mln vs 16.3 mln
    Revs 343.9 mln vs 286.9 mln
    Avg shrs 8,948,000 vs 8,300,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20463>
Shr 1.46 dlrs vs 1.41 dlrs
    Net 277.5 mln vs 268.3 mln
    Sales 2.13 billion vs 2.14 billion
    Avg shrs 189.8 mln vs 189.8 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 3.95 dlrs vs 3.78 dlrs
    Net 750.5 mln vs 718.4 mln
    Sales 6.28 billion vs 6.22 billion
    Avg shrs 189.9 mln vs 190.2 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20468>
Shr 42 cts vs 35 cts
    Net 1,540,000 vs 1,289,000
    Year
    Shr 1.59 dlrs vs 63 cts
    Net 5,849,000 vs 3,980,000
    NOTE: 1987 year excludes 1,814,000 dlrs for tax credits.
1986 4th qtr and year excludes a gain of 995,000 dlrs and
2,928,000 dlrs, respectively, for tax credits. 1986 per share
amounts caclulted from April 15, 1986, to septebmer 30, the
date of bank's conversion to stock ownership.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20470>
Shr 40 cts vs 23 cts
    Net 1,173,859 vs 672,824
    Revs 11.0 mln vs 9,857,707
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.03 dlrs vs 56 cts
    Net 2,986,823 vs 1,637,559
    Revs 31.5 mln vs 27.2 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20471>
Shr 30 cts vs 10 cts
    Net 560,000 vs 177,000
    Revs 9,700,000 vs 7,700,000
    Avg shrs 1,877,203 vs 1,839,752
    Nine mths
    Shr 80 cts vs 28 cts
    Net 1,480,000 vs 524,000
    Revs 28.3 mln vs 22.8 mln
    Avg shrs 1,854,478 vs 1,899,769
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20473>
Shr 35 cts vs 32 cts
    Net 3,033,000 vs 2,189,000
    Revs 56.2 mln vs 31.9 mln
    Avg shrs 8,649,000 vs 6,914,000
    Six mths
    Shr 63 cts vs 72 cts
    Net 5,450,000 vs 4,966,000
    Revs 108.6 mln vs 66.3 mln
    Avg shrs 8,655,000 vs 6,912,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20476>
Shr 32 cts vs 35 cts
    Net 3,446,000 vs 3,789,000
    Revs 220.9 mln vs 186.9 mln
    Nine mths
    Oper shr 77 cts vs 71 cts
    Oper net 8,301,000 vs 7,298,000
    Revs 634.3 mln vs 535.1 mln
    NOTE: 1987 nine mths net excludes 3,510,000 dlr charge from
antitrust litigation.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20479>
Shr 54 cts vs 44 cts
    Net 706,111 vs 579,576
    Revs 21.7 mln vs 23.2 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.26 dlrs vs 44 cts
    Net 1,657,634 vs 582,001
    Revs 63.1 mln vs 68.6 mln
    NOTE: Full name of company is Frozen Food Express
Industries Inc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20480>
Shr loss four cts vs profit four cts
    Net loss 93,574 vs profit 100,469
    Revs 3,125,532 vs 3,253,239
    Nine mths
    Shr loss three cts vs profit seven cts
    Net loss 67,184 vs profit 179,116
    Revs 9,125,965 vs 9,284,055
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20488>
Shr 14 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 2,867,.000 vs 2,723,000
    Revs 18.9 mln vs 19.1 mln
    1st half
    Shr 39 cts vs 32 cts
    Net 8,139,000 vs 6,709,000
    Revs 47.3 mln vs 44.5 mln
    NOTE: Affiliate of McKesson Corp &lt;MCK>.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20490>
Shr 60 cts vs 54 cts
    Net 5,726,000 vs 4,623,000
    Avg shrs 9,538,260 vs 8,598,198
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.61 dlrs vs 1.35 dlrs
    Net 15.0 mln vs 11.5 mln
    Avg shrs 9,277,440 vs 8,486,590
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20493>
Shr eight cts vs 10 cts
    Qtly div 30 cts vs 30 cts prior
    Net 204,064 vs 245,931
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.14 dlrs vs 52 cts
    Net 2,850,042 vs 1,291,047
    NOTE: 1987 and 1986 nine mths includes a net gain on sale
of assets of 2,258,206 dlrs or 90 cts a share and 459,503 dlrs,
respectively. Dividend payable November 13 to shareholders or
record October 30.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20494>
Shr 61 cts vs 64 cts
    Net 3,430,000 vs 3,091,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.81 dlrs vs 1.73 dlrs
    Net 10,185,000 vs 8,038,000
    Assets 1.64 billion vs 1.45 bilion
    Deposits 1.27 billion vs 1.15 billion
    Loans 1.03 billion vs 838.5 mln
    Note: 1986 figures restated to reflect pooling of interests
transactions with Angola State Bank and Shipshewana State Bank
and an October 1986 three-for-one stock split
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20497>
Oper shr 36 cts vs 25 cts
    Oper net 7,100,00 vs 5,700,000
    Avg shrs 20.0 mln vs 22.8 mln
    Nine mths
    Oper shr 1.03 dlrs vs 73 cts
    Oper net 21.3 mln vs 15.2 mln
    Avg shrs 20.7 mln vs 20.9 mln
    NOTE: 1986 net excludes realized capital gains of 2,300,000
dlrs in quarter and 22.6 mln dlrs in nine mths.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20498>
Shr 14 cts vs seven cts
    Net 348,000 vs 135,000
    Revs 6,328,000 vs 4,117,000
    Avg shrs 2,558,400 vs 1,884,200
    Nine mths
    Shr 29 cts vs 20 cts
    Net 640,000 vs 313,000
    Revs 12.0 mln vs 8,719,000
    Avg shrs 2,226,600 vs 1,589,6000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20499>
Shr 34 cts vs 29 cts
    Net 3,188,000 vs 2,731,000
    Revs 37.2 mln vs 25.4 mln
    Avg shrs 9,474,000 vs 9,425,000
    Year
    Shr 92 cts vs 80 cts
    Net 8,671,000 vs 7,492,000
    Revs 119.4 mln vs 73.6 mln
    Avg shrs 9,450,000 vs 9,410,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20502>
Shr 13 cts vs nine cts
    Net 2,062,000 vs 1,418,000
    Revs 33.1 mln vs 26.9 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 45 cts vs 33 cts
    Net 7,053,000 vs 5,156,000
    Revs 95.5 mln vs 75.7 mln
    NOTE: Share adjusted for stock dividends.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20507>
Shr profit 14 cts vs profit one ct
    Net profit 502,251 vs profit 22,012
    Sales 4,715,846 vs 3,731,900
    Avg shrs 3,489,342 vs 3,288,720
    Nine mths
    Shr profit 19 cts vs loss 20 cts
    Net profit 637,305 vs loss 658,398
    Sales 12.2 mln vs 9,806,301
    Avg shrs 3,439,065 vs 3,288,720
    Backlog 1,726,150 vs 739,540
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20514>
Qtly div 50 cts vs 39 cts
    Pay Jan 20
    Record Dec 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20515>
Shr loss five cts vs profit six cts
    Net loss 1.2 mln vs profit 1.4 mln
    Revs 114.9 mln vs 109.3 mln
    Nine months
    Shr profit one dlrs vs profit 84 cts
    Net profit 23.7 mln vs profit 19.9 mln
    Revs 430.9 mln vs 435.4 mln
    NOTE: Results are in pro forma form. Partnership became
public on March 19, 1987. Previous results reported from Texas
Eastern Corp's &lt;TET> Petrolane Inc domestic division.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20517>
Shr loss 1.31 dlrs vs loss 1.80 dlrs
    Net loss 31.2 mln vs loss 42.6 mln
    Revs 168.5 mln vs 147.3 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr loss 15 cts vs loss 4.32 dlrs
    Net profit 3.2 mln vs loss 101 mln
    REvs 446.1 mln vs 490.7 mln
    NOTE: All periods toher than 1987 3rd qtr are pro forma.
    NOTE: 1987 3rd qtr includes a 10.6 mln dlrs or 41 ct a
share after-tax loss from discontinued operations mainly from
sale of assets of oil and gas exploration and production
subsidiary on September 30.
    1987 3rd qtr also includes an extraordinary 11.4 mln dlrs
or 45 cts a share for planned redemtion of company's 16-1/4 pct
subordinated debentures.
    1987 nine mths net includes a loss of 56.6 mln dlrs or 2.26
dlrs a share for discontinued operations. 1987 per share loss
is after deducting for preferred stock dividends.
   
    1987 nine mths net also includes after-tax gain of 44.3 mln
dlrs or 1.74 dlrs per share for formation of Valero Natural Gas
Partners L.P.
    1986 3rd qtr includes after tax loss from discontinued
operations of 31.5 mln dlrs or 1.26 dl share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20523>
Shr 31 cts vs 36 cts
    Net 1,156,000 vs 1,358,000
    Revs 31.2 mln vs 28.6 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.10 dlrs vs 1.20 dlrs
    Net 4,064,000 vs 4,525,000
    Revs 91.3 mln vs 86.4 mln
    NOTE: 1987 3rd qtr includes a charge of 700,000 dlrs or 19
cts a share for relocation costs for phase out some operations.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20527>
Shr four cts vs two cts
    Net 406,659 vs 210,575
    Revs 6,028,263 vs 3,654,810
    nine mths
    Shr 11 cts vs seven cts
    Net 1,151,988 vs 576,358
    Revs 16.9 mln vs 9,684,002
    Avg shrs 10.9 mln vs 8,632,800
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20529>
Oper shr 16 cts vs 34 cts
    Oper net 4,255,000 vs 9,299,000
    Revs 294.4 mln vs 155.7 mln
    Nine mths
    Oper shr 1.24 dlrs vs 1.06 dlrs
    Oper net 33.0 mln vs 28.8 mln
    Revs 740.5 mln vs 457.5 mln
    NOTE: 1987 results include restructuring and non-recurring
charge of 89 cts a share to restructure ChemLawn, acquired in
April 1987, and other recent acquisitions. Results exclude gain
on sale of discontinued operations of 97 mln dlrs or 3.60 dlrs
a share in 1987 3rd qtr. Results also exclude income from
discontinued operations of 3,063,000 dlrs in 1987 nine mths, of
503,000 dlrs or two cts in 1986 3rd qtr, and 5,804,000 dlrs or
21 cts in 1986 nine mths.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20531>
Shr 75 cts vs 64 cts
    Net 11.0 mln vs 9,379,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 44 cts vs 1.78 dlrs
    Net 6,411,000 vs 25.4 mln
    NOTE: 1987 nine mths net reflects 30 mln dlr addition to
Latin American loan loss provision.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20533>
Shr 70 cts vs 53 cts
    Net 17.3 mln vs 12.9 mln
    Revs 336.9 mln vs 157.5 mln
    Six mths
    Shr 1.34 dlrs vs 1.07 dlrs
    Net 33.0 mln vs 26.3 mln
    Revs 654.7 mln vs 310.1 mln
    Backlog 1.9 billion vs 851.8 mln
   
    NOTE: Year ago qtr and six mths included after net charge
of about four cts per shr representing the difference between a
gain on the sale of securities and the write-off of certain
nonrecurring costs.
    In addition, the six mths 1986 includes a 2.3 mln dlr gain
on the sale of a unit and a one mln dlr writedown of a minority
interest investment.
    Results for the qtr and the six mths in current year
include Loral Systems Group, formerly Goodyear Aerospace,
acquired in March 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20535>
Shr 75 cts vs 67 cts
    Qtly div 28 cts vs 25 cts prior
    Net 46.8 mln vs 39.8 mln
    Avg shrs 60.3 mln vs 57.7 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.73 dlrs vs 1.95 dlrs
    Net 108.3 mln vs 114.7 mln
    Avg shrs 59.9 mln vs 56.8 mln
    NOTE: 1987 nine mths net includes special 15 mln dlr loan
loss provision.
    1987 nine mths net includes 16.6 mln dlr charge for
settlement of suit.
    Dividend pay Dec 15, record Nov 30.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20545>
Sept 25 end
    Primary shr 31 cts vs 22 cts
    Diluted shr 30 cts vs 21 cts
    Net 5,019,000 vs 3,165,000
    Revs 80.1 mln vs 57.2 mln
    Primary avg shrs 16,306,000 vs 14,495,000
    Diluted avg shrs 17,266,000 vs 15,827,000
   
    Nine months
    Primary shr 1.27 dlrs vs 1.07 dlrs
    Diluted shr 1.23 dlrs vs 1.03 dlrs
    Net 20.2 mln vs 15.5 mln
    Revs 244.5 mln vs 181.5 mln
    Primary avg shrs 15,875,000 vs 14,495,000
    Diluted avg shrs 16,853,000 vs 15,280,000
    NOTE: Results are pro forma, assuming that company was
public throughout 1986. Company became public Feb 14, 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20546>
Oper shr loss 1.23 dlrs vs loss 57.50 dlrs
     Oper net loss 17,154,000 vs loss 26,953,000
     Avg shrs 13,914,000 vs 476,000
     Nine mths
     Oper shr loss 12.74 dlrs vs loss 76.94 dlrs
     Oper net loss 63,774,000 vs loss 35,207,000
     Avg shrs 5,005,000 vs 474,000
     Assets 785.3 mln vs 1.27 billion
     Deposits 625.6 mln vs 938.8 mln
     Loans 565.6 mln vs 826.9 mln 
     NOTE: July 17, 1987, company completed recapitalization
with injection of 200 mln dlrs in cash, 150 mln from the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corp and 50 mln dlrs raised through a
stock rights offering.
     1987 qtr and nine mths exclude gain of 22 mln dlrs
realized primarily from early settlement of debt in connection
with the recapitalization and a three mln dlr loss on
investment securities.
     1986 qtr and nine mths exclude 3.6 mln dlr gain on
investment securities.     
     1986 nine mths excludes gain of 3.4 mln dlrs from sale of
subsidiary bank
     1986 and 1987 shr and avg shrs restated for one-for-50
reverse stock split. Number of shrs outstanding at Sept 30,
1987, was 16,744.        
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20548>
Shr 80 cts vs 62 cts
    Net 11.1 mln vs 8,545,000
    Revs 68.6 mln vs 41.9 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.96 dlrs vs 1.88 dlrs
    Net 26.8 mln 24.1 mln
    Revs 180.1 mln vs 126.3 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20557>
Shr 57 cts vs N/A
    Net 7,222,000 vs 6,959,000
    Nine mths
    Shr N/A vs N/A
    Net 17.6 mln vs 24.8 mln
    Assets 2.7 billion vs 2.3 billion
    NOTE: Year-ago per shr amts not available as bank converted
to stock ownership June 24, 1987. 1987 3rd qtr and nine mths
has 2.9 mln and 7.4 mln dlrs for tax credits. 1986 3rd and nine
mths 2.1 mln and 7.9 mln dlrs for tax credits.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20558>
Qtr ended Sept 30
    Shr 40 cts vs 20 cts
    Net 797,000 vs 403,000
    Sales 30.8 mln vs 27.3 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20561>
Shr 17 cts vs 16 cts
    Net 1,315,000 vs 1,161,000
    Revs 43.2 mln vs 36.5 mln
    Avg shrs 7,916,000 vs 7,490,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 50 cts vs 51 cts
    Net 3,899,000 vs 3,821,000
    Revs 123.7 mln 104.6 mln
    Avg shrs 7,808,000 vs 7,491,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20562>
Shr 18 cts vs 24 cts
    Net 1,175,000 vs 1,528,000
    Sales 34 mln vs 34.6 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 56 cts vs 1.12 dlrs
    Net 3,578,000 vs 7,040,000
    Sales 109.3 mln vs 116.6 mln
    Note: 1986 figures include 508,000 dlr gain or
eight cts a share from discontinued operations

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20564>
Shr 20 cts vs 16 cts
    Net 5,849,000 vs 4,630,000
    Revs 33.8 mln vs 27.1 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 41 cts vs 40 cts
    Net 11.9 mln vs 11.5 mln
    Revs 84.6 mln vs 77.2 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20566>
Shr 14 cts vs 14 cts
    Net 213,000 vs 210,000
    Revs 229 mln vs 229 mln
    Nine months
    Shr 42 cts vs 42 cts
    Net 630,000 vs 628,000
    Revs 689,000 vs 689,000
    NOTE: Full name Pittsburgh and West Virginia Railroad.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20567>
1st qtr ended September 26.
    Shr profit two cts vs loss 20 cts
    Net profit 156,000 vs loss 1,816,000
    Revs 8,751,000 vs 7,123,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20569>
Shr 78 cts vs 87 cts
    Net 159.3 mln vs 174.9 mln
    Revs one billion vs 1.06 billion
    Avg shrs 204,335,958 vs 200,471,561
    Nine months
    Shr 2.18 dlrs vs 2.36 dlrs
    Net 443 mln vs 469.6 mln
    Revs 3.2 billion vs 3.4 billion
    Avg shrs 203,375,222 vs 199,108,842
    12 months
    Shr 1.73 dlrs vs 2.44 dlrs
    Net 351.9 mln vs 481.5 mln
    Revs 4.3 billion vs 4.5 billion
    Avg shrs 202,900,311 vs 197,320,979
    NOTE: Full name Public Service Enterprise Group Inc
    All results reflect three-for-two stock split, effective
July 1, 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20583>
Shr 40 cts vs 35 cts
    Net 3,149,000 vs 2,433,000
    Revs 225.4 mln vs 225.9 mln
    Avg shrs 7,800,000 vs 7,157,143
    Nine mths
    Shr 91 cts vs 63 cts
    Net 7,114,000 vs 4,540,000
    Revs 747.0 mln vs 728.2 mln
    Avg shrs 7,800,000 vs 6,767,143
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20586>
Oper shr 40 cts vs 47 cts
    Oper net 2,292,000 vs 2,688,000
    Sales 81.9 mln vs 78.9 mln
    Nine mths
    Oper shr 1.20 dlrs vs 1.40 dlrs
    Oper net 6,842,000 vs 7,978,000
    Sales 244.7 mln vs 234.2 mln
    NOTE: 1986 net both periods excludes 2,223,000 dlr special
charge.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20593>
Shr 61 cts vs 50 cts
    Net 8,273,000 vs 6,913,000
    Sales 226.0 mln vs 215.9 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.60 dlrs vs 1.25 dlrs
    Net 21,771,000 vs 17,369,000
    Sales 688.3 mln vs 635.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20596>
Sept 30 end
    Shr 27 cts
    Net 313,000 vs 323,000
    Six months
    Shr 53 cts
    Net 607,000 vs 636,000
    Assets 107.8 mln vs 77.1 mln
    NOTE: Company became public Dec 31, 1986

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20598>
Shr loss 39 cts vs loss 4.83 dlrs
    Net 16.3 mln vs loss 223.0 mln
    Revs 47.4 mln vs 30.7 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr loss 3.37 dlrs vs loss 7.30 dlrs
    Net loss 151.6 mln vs loss 340.3 mln
    Revs 118.9 mln vs 161.8 ml
   
    NOTE: 1987 qtr includes loss 1,500,000 dlrs for
mobilization costs associated with two offshore drilling rigs.
    1986 qtr includes charge 187 mln dlrs for write-down of
oilfield services equipment and offshore drilling rigs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20600>
Shr loss eight cts vs profit six cts
    Net loss 669,609 vs profit 530,641
    Sales 94.9 mln vs 83.9 mln
    Avg shrs 7,934,064 vs 8,220,797
    Nine mths
    Shr profit 19 cts vs profit 55 cts
    Net profit 1,494,218 vs profit 4,486,510
    Sales 289.1 mln vs 276.6 mln
    Avg shrs 7,930,961 vs 8,208,033
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20605>
Shr 69 cts vs 39 cts
    Net 1,767,000 vs 1,007,000
    Sales 32.3 mln vs 29.2 mln
    Six mths
    Shr 53 cts vs 12 cts
    Net 1,348,000 vs 319,000
    Sales 62.2 mln vs 55.2 mln
    NOTE: Full name is Diamond Crystal Salt Co.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20606>
Sept 30 end
    Primary shr five cts vs eight cts
    Diluted shr five cts vs eight cts
    Net 100,000 vs 176,000
    Revs 4,027,000 vs 3,649,000
    Primary avg shrs 2,212,281 vs 2,189,000
    Diluted avg shrs 2,212,281 vs 2,330,866
    NOTE: 1986 results includes a tax credit of 90,000 dlrs
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20628>
Shr 41 cts vs 39 cts
    Net 22.3 mln vs 20.4 mln
    Revs 631.1 mln vs 644.8 mln
    Avg shrs 51,551,000 vs 50,128,000
    Nine months
    Shr 1.16 dlrs vs 1.13 dlrs
    Net 64.3 mln vs 59.6 mln
    Revs 1.90 billion vs 2.03 billion
    Avg shrs 50,868,000 vs 50,028,000
   
    NOTE: All results reflect five-for-two common stock split
payable in the form of a stock dividend payable July 10, 1987.
    1986 results include gains from retroactive adoption of new
accounting rules for pension on Jan 1, 1986 of 2.6 mln and 7.7
mln dlrs for third quarter and nine month periods,
respectively.
     Company redeemed its outstanding preference stock, 2.35
dlrs convertible series on Sept 14, 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20630>
Shr 1.15 dlrs vs 1.22 dlrs
    Net 3,301,000 vs 3,466,000
    Revs 21.2 mln vs 20.8 mln
    Nine Mths
    Shr 2.38 dlrs vs 2.58 dlrs
    Net 6,873,000 vs 7,397,000
    Revs 51.6 mln vs 50.3 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20634>
Shr loss two cts vs loss 41 cts
    Net profit 4,134,000 vs loss 3,682,000
    Revs 22.8 mln vs 23.5 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr profit 44 cts vs loss 1.99 dlrs
    Net profit 25.6 mln vs loss 26.8 mln
    Revs 73.4 mln vs 86.7 mln
    NOTE: 1987 qtr and nine mths includes gain 1,374,000 dlrs,
or five cts per share, and 10.2 mln dlrs, or 41 cts per share,
respectively, from net operating loss carryforward.
    1987 qtr and nine mths includes loss 4,850,000 dlrs, or 16
cts per share, and loss 14.6 mln dlrs, or 58 cts per share,
respectively, from payment of preferred dividends.
    1986 qtr and nine mths includes loss 4,850,000 dlrs, or 23
cts per share, and 14.6 mln dlrs, or 70 cts per share,
respectively, from payment of preferred dividends.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20639>
Oper shr 1.22 dlrs vs 88 cts
    Oper net 13.5 mln vs 11.7 mln
    Revs 139.1 mln vs 160.5 mln
    Nine mths
    Oper shr 2.00 dlrs vs 1.15 dlrs
    Oper net 22.8 mln vs 15.4 mln
    Revs 348.8 mln vs 385.9 mln
    NOTE: 1987 3rd qtr and nine mths oper net excludes gains
from tax loss carryforwards of 3,067,000 dlrs and 8,548,000
dlrs respectively. 1986 3rd qtr and nine mths oper net excludes
tax carryforward gains of 7,446,000 dlrs and 9,814,000 dlrs,
respectively.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20640>
Shr 50 cts vs 47 cts
    Net 2,646,000 vs 2,611,000
    Sale 41.4 mln vs 38.7 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.13 dlrs vs 1.04 dlrs
    Net 6,038,000 vs 5,545,000
    Sales 117.2 mln vs 108.4 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20646>
Period ended August 31.
    Shr loss 52 cts vs profit 16 cts
    Net loss 4,987,000 vs profit 1,570,000
    Revs 18.0 mln vs 24.7 mln
    Six Mths
    Shr loss 2.14 dlrs vs loss seven cts
    Net loss 20,525,000 vs loss 557,000
    Revs 25.6 mln vs 30.8 mln
    Note: Full name De Laurentiis Entertainment Group Inc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20648>
Shr 27 cts vs 17 cts
    Net 5,584,000 vs 4,276,000
    Revs 97.7 mln vs 83.9 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 84 cts vs 39 cts
    Net 17.7 mln vs 9,848,000
    Revs 290.8 mln vs 241.8 mln
    Avg shrs 21.1 mln vs 25.1 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20650>
Shr 40 cts vs eight cts
    Net 2,292,000 vs 465,000
    Revs 81.9 mln vs 78.9 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.20 dlrs vs 1.01 dlrs
    Net 6,842,000 vs 5,755,000
    Revs 244.7 mln vs 234.2 mln
    NOTE: 1986 qtr and nine mths includes loss 2,223,000 dlrs,
or 39 cts per share, from unspecified extraordinary item.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20651>
Shr loss 2.51 dlrs vs loss 1.12 dlrs
    Net loss 104.2 mln vs loss 46.4 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr loss 5.80 dlrs vs loss 52 cts
    Net loss 240.9 mln vs loss 21.7 mln
    NOTE: 1987 qtr and nine mths includes loss 123.6 mln dlrs
and 286.0 mln dlrs, respectively, for loan-loss allowance
provision. 1987 qtr includes gain 9.4 mln dlrs from tax
benefit.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20652>
Shr 39 cts vs 27 cts
    Net 1,713,000 vs 1,207,000
    Nine Mths
    Shr 1.13 dlrs vs 70 cts
    Net 4,935,000 vs 4,352,000
    Loans 843.2 mln vs 937.2 mln
    Deposits 954.1 mln vs 1.043 billion
    Assets 1.09 billion vs 1.19 billion
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20654>
Shr 44 cts vs 33 cts
    Net 1,026,000 vs 769,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.30 dlrs vs 1.06 dlrs
    Net 3,035,000 vs 2,472,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20655>
Shr profit 47 cts vs loss 38 cts
    Net profit 4,767,000 vs loss 2,623,000
    Revs 23.7 mln vs 3,629,000
    Avg shrs 11,242,166 vs 6,895,290
    Nine Mths
    Shr profit 89 cts vs loss 49 cts
    Net profit 7,726,000 vs loss 3,350,000
    Revs 38.8 mln vs 7,172,000
    Avg shrs 9,410,497 vs 6,895,290
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20657>
Shr profit two cts vs nil
    Net profit 403,000 vs loss 51,000
    Revs 9,609,000 vs 4,495,000
    Nine mths
    Shr loss one ct vs loss four cts
    Net loss 171,000 vs loss 799,000
    Revs 17.6 mln vs 13.3 mln
    NOTE: Full name is Strathcona Resource Industries Ltd.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20658>
Shr 13 cts vs 12 cts
    Net 470,000 vs 311,000
    Revs 15.8 mln vs 8,176,000
    Avg shrs 3,723,000 vs 2,512,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 36 cts vs 43 cts
    Net 1,138,000 vs 993,000
    Revs 40.5 mln vs 21.9 mln
    Avg shrs 3,199,000 vs 2,283,000
   
    NOTE: 1986 includes extraordinary credit of 160,000 or six
cts per shr in qtr 1986 and 511,000 or 22 cts per shr in nine
mths 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20660>
Shr 17 cts vs seven cts
    Net 1,660,0009 vs 653,000
    Revs 21.0 mln vs 20.6 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 34 cts vs 12 cts
    Net 3,320,000 vs 1,109,000
    Revs 60.1 mln vs 57.4 mln
    NOTE: Net includes loss from discontinued operations of
198,000 or two cts per shr in qtr 1986 and 1,425,000 or 15 cts
per shr in nine mths 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20668>
Shr 4.41 dlrs vs seven cts
    Qtly div 10 cts vs 10 cts in prior qtr
    Net 2,955,000 vs 75,000
    Sales 72.7 mln vs 70.0 mln
    NOTE: Net includes pre-tax gain of 7,813,0000 dlrs from
termination of retirement plan for salaried employees and
875,000 dlrs charge for reorganization costs
    Dividend payable November 17 to holders of record November
two
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20669>
Shr loss five cts vs profit six cts
    Net loss 1,200,000 vs profit 1,400,000
    Nine mths
    Shr profit 1.00 dlrs vs profit 84 cts
    Net profit 23.7 mln vs profit 19.9 mln
    NOTE: Year ago results are pro forma since the company was
created in March by the transfer to a master limited
partnership of all domestic assets of Petrolane Inc's liquefied
petroleum gas division.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20670>
Shr loss 24 cts vs loss four cts
    Net loss 874,986 vs loss 56,182
    Revs 402,855 vs not available
    NOTE: The company made its initial offering in March 1987
and before then had been a development stage company so no
sales were posted in 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20671>
Shr 26 cts vs 36 cts
    Net 6,400,000 vs 8,700,000
    Revs 25.3 mln vs 28.2 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.04 dlrs vs 1.20 dlrs
    Net 25.3 mln vs 29.1 mln
    Revs 84.6 mln vs 91.8 mln
    NOTE: Company's full name is American Capital Management
and Research Inc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20672>
Oct 3 end
    Shr 40 cts vs 35 cts
    Net 3,149,000 vs 2,433,000
    Revs 225.4 mln vs 225.9 mln
    Avg shrs 7,800,000 vs 7,157,143
    Nine months
    Shr 91 cts vs 63 cts
    Net 7,114,000 vs 4,540,000
    Revs 747 mln vs 728.2 mln
    Avg shrs 7,800,000 vs 6,767,143
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20673>
Period ended September 30
    Shr profit one ct vs loss three cts
    Net profit 65,000 vs 292,000
    Sales 18.1 mln vs 16.7 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20680>
Shr 52 cts vs 42 cts
    Net 41.1 mln vs 33.2 mln
    Sales 1.27 billion vs 960.3 mln
    Avg shrs 79,800,000 vs 78,200,000
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20685>
Shr profit two cts vs loss 58 cts
    Net profit 18.2 mln vs loss 23.9 mln
    Revs 355.6 mln vs 308.2 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr loss 81 cts vs loss 5.52 dlrs
    Net profit 10.7 mln vs loss 290.3 mln
    Revs 1.01 billion vs 983.3 mln
    NOTE: Net income per share is after deductions for
mandatory preferred stock dividends and income from the
chemical operations not attributable to common stockholders.
    1987 qtr and nine mths includes gain of eight cts per share
for the partial redemption of series a preferred stock which
will be paid from the net earnings of the chemicals operations.
1986 nine mths includes loss 247.7 mln dlrs from write-down of
petroleum service assets and other restructuring costs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20695>
Shr 24 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 1,506,000 vs 824,000
    Sales 9,045,000 vs 7,845,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20706>
Shr 72 cts vs 36 cts
    Net 122 mln vs 62 mln
    Revs 1.73 billion vs 1.49 billion
    Avg shrs 157.7 mln vs 149.8 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.71 dlrs vs 1.28 dlrs
    Net 297 mln vs 216 mln
    Revs 4.98 billion vs 4.55 billion
    NOTE: Net for current qtr included non-operating costs of
12 mln vs income of 10 mln in qtr 1986.
    Net in nine mths included non operating costs of 12 mln in
nine mths 1987 vs income of 84 mln in nine mths 1986.
    Prior year's earnings per shr and average number of shrs
outstanding have been restated to reflect a 3-for-2 split which
became effective May 5, 1987.
    For purposes of comparability, following the reorganization
of July 1987, net figures including those for 1986, are
reported before preferred dividends.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20708>
Sept 30 end
    Shr profit 15 cts vs loss six cts
    Net profit 901,000 vs loss 368,000
    Assets 1.15 billion vs 773.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20711>
Periods end Sept 26
    Shr 31 cts vs 24 cts
    Net 5,449,000 vs 4,083,000
    Sales 60.3 mln vs 51.9 mln
    39 weeks
    Shr 47 cts vs 30 cts
    Net 8,249,000 vs 5,147,000
    Sales 145.0 mln vs 108.3 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20712>
Shr Class A loss three cts vs profit 12 cts
    Shr Class B loss seven cts vs profit eight cts
    Net loss 94,862 vs profit 264,607
    Sales 653,246 vs 1,300,515
    Nine mths
    Shr Class A profit five cts vs profit 44 cts
    Shr Class B loss three cts vs profit 36 cts
    Net profit 64,248 vs profit 975,329
    Sales 2,291,925 vs 4,235,914
    NOTE: Full name is Electronic Tele-Communications Inc
&lt;ETCIA.O>

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20715>
Shr 63 cts vs 50 cts
    Net 73.8 mln vs 62.3 mln
    Sales 664.2 mln vs 600.6 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 2.06 dlrs vs 1.67 dlrs
    Net 241.2 mln vs 205.9 mln
    Sales 2.04 billion vs 1.80 billion
    Avg shrs 117.1 mln vs 123.4 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20728>
Shr 36 cts vs 35 cts
    Net 7,100,000 vs 8,000,000
    Net Premiums 61.2 mln vs 58.0 mln
    Avg shrs 19,950,000 vs 22,760,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.03 dlrs vs 1.81 dlrs
    Net 21.3 mln vs 37.8 mln
    Net Premiums 176.3 mln vs 141.8 mln
    Avg shrs 20,682,000 vs 20,920,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20735>
Shr 32 cts vs 40 cts
    Net 882,000 vs 1,109,000
    Sales 66.1 mln vs 60.3 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.13 dlrs vs 90 cts
    Net 3,065,000 vs 2,446,000
    Sales 198.1 mln vs 178.5 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20736>
Shr profit five cts vs loss nine cts
    Net profit 21,045 vs loss 34,238
    Revs 1,156,775 vs 963,890
    Six Mths
    Shr profit 12 cts vs loss five cts
    Net profit 48,711 vs loss 18,300
    Revs 2,124,157 vs 2,009,956
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20746>
Shr profit 15 cts vs loss 40 cts
    Net profit 1,538,000 vs loss 4,088,000
    Revs 70.6 mln vs 73.2 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr loss eight cts vs loss 57 cts
    Net loss 832,000 vs loss 5,821,000
    Revs 217.0 mln vs 248.4 mln
    NOTE: 1987 qtr and nine mths includes gain 265,000 dlrs, or
three cts per share, from utilization of tax loss carryforward.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20747>
Shr one cts vs 20 cts
    Net 122,556 vs 2,627,205
    Revs 192.2 mln vs 193.3 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 27 cts vs 56 cts
    Net 3,556,424 vs 7,531,664
    Revs 560.6 mln vs 542.3 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20753>
shr diluted loss 46 cts
    net loss 6,300,000
    nine mths
    shr diluted loss 10.89 dlrs
    net loss 309,100,000
    NOTE: No comparisons because company was formed in June
1987 through merger of RepublicBank Corp and Interfirst Corp.
    Nine mths includes previously reported provision of 325 mln
dlrs in second quarter for possible losses on ldc loans.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20767>
Shr 22 cts vs 24 cts
    Net 2,794,000 vs 2,993,000
    Revs 91.4 mln vs 66.4 mln
    Six mths
    Shr 45 cts vs 39 cts
    Net 5,677,000 vs 5,700,000
    Revs 174.6 mln vs 132.8 mln
    NOTE: 2nd qtr end August 31. Per share amounts adjusted for
10 pct stock dividend paid June two, 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20768>
Shr 25 cts vs 26 cts
    Net 2,200,000 vs 2,100,000
    Revs 8,500,000 vs 9,600,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 77 cts vs 63 cts
    Net 6,900,000 vs 4,800,000
    Revs 27.9 million vs 25.3 million
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20770>
Shr profit seven cts vs loss 24 cts
    Net profit 650,000 vs loss 2,327,000
    Revs 34.3 mln vs 37.0 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr profit 38 cts vs profit 67 cts
    Net profit 3,673,000 vs profit 6,474,000
    Revs 108.4 mln vs 110.0 mln
    NOTE: 1987 qtr and nine mths includes gain 5,360,000 dlrs,
or 55 cts per share, and 6,339,000 dlrs, or 65 cts per share,
respectively, from realized gains on investments.
   
    1986 qtr and nine mths includes gain 105,000 dlrs, or one
cent per share, and 342,000 dlrs, or three cts per share,
respectively, from realized gains on investments.
    1986 qtr and nine mths includes charge 4,860,000, or 50 cts
per share from strengthening reserve for casualty claims.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20771>
Shr six cts vs 17 cts
    Net 1,064,000 vs 2,676,000
    Revs 144.6 mln vs 129.4 mln
    Avg shrs 17.1 mln 16.1 mln
    Six mths
    Shr 13 cts vs 25 cts
    Net 2,167,000 vs 4,029,000
    Revs 248.0 mln vs 249.2 mln
    Avg shrs 17.1 mln vs 16.1 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20773>
Dart Group Corp &lt;DARTA.O> affiliate
Madison Partners said that given current market conditions it
has dropped its takeover bid for Dayton Hudson Corp.
    The company said it sold 1.4 mln of its 4.6 mln shares of
Dayton Hudson stock.
    It said it intends to sell the rest of its Dayton Hudson
shares. At current market levels, it would suffer a 70 mln dlr
aftertax loss on its holding, a spokesman said.
    Dart said it will not solicit authorization to call a
meeting of Dayton Hudson shareholders.
    Dart had offered to buy Dayton Hudson for 68 dlrs per
share, valuing the Minneapolis based retailer at 6.6 billion
dlrs. That offer was rejected by the company.
    Following the selloff in takeover stocks last week, and the
market's decline this week, Dayton Hudson stock closed at
27-1/2 today, off 2-1/2.
    Dart's holdings amounted to just under five pct of Dayton
Hudson.
    A Dart spokesman said the 1.4 mln shares were sold in the
market today.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20776>
Shr 22 cts vs 50 cts
    Net 1.2 mln vs 2.2 mln
    Sales 41.7 mln vs 38.3 mln
    Note: BII Enterprises Inc
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20779>
Shr 27 cts vs 20 cts
    Net 3,411,000 vs 2,487,000
    Revs 34.7 mln vs 31.9 mln
    Six mths
    Shr 51 cts vs 41 cts
    Net 6,372,000 vs 5,090,000
    Revs 68.1 mln vs 63.7 mln
    Avg shrs 12.6 mln vs 12.5 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20784>
Shr 54 cts vs 53 cts
    Net 4,193,000 vs 4,052,000
    Revs 75.2 mln vs 63.9 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.98 dlrs vs 1.75 dlrs
    Net 15.4 mln vs 13.5 mln
    Revs 223.4 mln vs 199.5 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20791>
Shr 83 cts vs 67 cts
    Net 10,052,000 vs 7,929,000
    Avg shrs 12,161,000 vs 11,824,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 2.33 dlrs vs 1.91 dlrs
    Net 28,110,000 vs 22,386,000
    Avg shrs 12,078,000 vs 11,729,000
    Assets 5.9 billion vs 5.7 billion
    Deposits 5.3 billion vs 4.8 billion
    Loans and leases 4.2 billion vs 4.0 billion
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20793>
Shr profit one cent vs loss 29 cts
    Net profit 116,000 vs loss 4,195,000
    Revs 20.2 mln vs 6,393,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20794>
Oper shr 38 cts vs 1.84 dlrs
    Oper net 973,000 vs 4,497,000
    Nine mths
    Oper shr 1.22 dlrs vs 1.31 dlrs
    Oper net 3,133,000 vs 3,410,000
    NOTE: Results exclude extraordinary gain from net loss
carryforward of 672,000 dlrs or 27 cts in 1987 3rd qtr, 918,000
dlrs 38 cts in 1986 3rd qtr, and 1,071,000 dlrs or 44 cts in
1987 nine months. 1986 results include 5.1 mln dlr gain from
termination of defined benefit pension plan.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20798>
Shr 51 cts vs 36 cts
    Net 5,600,000 vs 4,000,000
    Revs 115.4 mln vs 91.2 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.13 dlrs vs 61 cts
    Net 10.7 mln vs 5,800,000
    Revs 308.2  mln vs 249.5 mlln
    NOTE: 1986 resutls restated on pro forma basis to reflect
comparable treatment of Budget's leveraged buyout on September
30, 1986, and initial common stock offering on May 22, 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20800>
Shr 12 cts vs 10 cts
    Net 1,600,000 vs 1,314,000
    Revs 17.6 mln vs 12.2 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 58 cts vs 43 cts
    Net 7,624,000 vs 5,336,000
    Revs 56.8 mln vs 40.1 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20801>
Net 1,137,000 vs 1,185,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 2.17 dlrs vs 2.03 dlrs
    Net 3,645,000 vs 3,384,000
    Assets 374.4 mln vs 355.4 mln
    NOTE: Per shr data in qtr not disclosed.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20802>
Shr loss 15 cts vs loss 19 cts
    Net loss 2,161,000 vs loss 2,873,000
    Revs 24.5 mln vs 22.6 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20803>
Shr 10 cts vs two cts
    Net 262,000 vs 38,000
    Revs 11.2 mln vs 5,858,000
    Avg shrs 2,589,045 vs 2,588,364
    Nine mths
    Shr 46 cts vs 26 cts
    Net 1,179,000 vs 601,000
    Revs 32.7 mln vs 18.7 mln
    NOTE: All per shr data adjusted to reflect 10 pct stock
dividend distributed in 2nd qtr 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20804>
Shr loss 35 cts vs profit 18 cts shr
    Net loss 946,300 vs profit 502,500
    Revs 17.3 mln vs 16.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20807>
Shr 1.24 dlrs vs 1.16 dlrs
    Net 10.1 mln vs 8,910,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 2.42 dlrs vs 3.30 dlrs
    Net 19.8 mln vs 25.4 mln
    Assets 4.3 billion vs 3.8 billion
    Deposits 3.4 billion vs 3.1 billion
    Loans 2.6 billion vs 2.3 billion
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20812>
Qtr ends Aug 31
    Shr 22 cts vs 24 cts
    Net 2,794,000 vs 2,993,000
    Revs 91.4 mln vs 66.4 mln
    Six mths
    Shr 45 cts vs 45 cts
    Net 5,677,000 vs 5,700,000
    Revs 174.6 mln vs 132.8 mln
    NOTE: full name of company is continental information
systems corp.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20813>
Shr 15 cts vs 27 cts
    Net 4,358,947 vs 7,786,640
    Revs 140.8 mln vs 121.2 mln
    Year
    Shr 86 cts vs 1.06 dlrs
    Net 24.8 mln vs 30.5 mln
    Revs 560.3 mln vs 487.7 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20814>
Shr 28 cts vs 21 cts
    Net 4,653,815 vs 3,564,451
    Revs 34.0 mln vs 12.8 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 61 cts vs 53 cts
    Net 10.4 mln vs 8,881,825
    Revs 61.8 mln vs 38.4 mln
    NOTE: Per shr amounts are after giving retroactive effect
for a 2-for-1 split effected as a 100 pct stock dividend which
was paid June 1, 1987.Net includes net realized investment
gains of 1,213,471 vs 937,801 in nine mths 1987 vs 1986, and
604,172 vs 474,556 in qtr 1987 vs 1986. Net includes net
investment income of 12.5 mln vs 11.2 mln in nine mths 1987 vs
1986, and 4,480,540 vs 3,781,245 in qtr 1987 vs 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20817>
Shr eight cts vs 12 cts
    Net 1,016,552 vs 980,834
    Revs 6,786,579 vs 4,356,561
    NOTE: Invitron went public on October seven.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20822>
Shr 1.04 dlrs vs 78 cts
    Net 109.2 mln vs 83.9 mln
    Revs 561.3 mln vs 460.5 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 2.61 dlrs vs 1.91 dlrs
    Net 273.8 mln vs 206.6 mln
    Revs 1.56 billion vs 1.27 billion
    NOTE: Per shr amounts reflect the 2-for-1 split to
shareholders of record on June 1, 1987.
   
    For qtr and nine mths 1987, exchange rate fluctuations had
a favorable sales impact of 25.9 mln dlrs and 70.3 mln dlrs,
respectively.
    Net in nine mths 1986 includes income from discontinuing
operations of 10.1 mln or nine cts per shr, and income of 3.9
mln dlrs or four cts per shr in qtr 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20825>
Shr 46 cts vs 55 cts
    Net 3,532,000 vs 4,217,000
    Revs 54 mln vs 52.4 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.97 dlrs vs 1.98 dlrs
    Net 15.0 mln vs 14.8 mln
    Revs 176.2 mln vs 176.9 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20826>
Shr primary 92 cts vs 1.09 dlrs
    Shr diluted 82 cts vs 97 cts
    Net 21.8 mln vs 26.1 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr primary 3.07 dlrs vs 2.96 dlrs
    Shr diluted 2.72 dlrs vs 2.44 dlrs
    Net 73.2 mln vs 65.3 mln
    Assets 14.29 billion vs 12.35 billion
    Deposits 9.52 billion vs 8.69 billion
    Loans 8.79 billion vs 8.69 billion
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20833>
Shr 1.18 dlrs vs 87 cts
    Net 149.6 mln vs 134.0 mln
    Revs 1.10 billion vs 956.4 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 3.36 dlrs vs 2.42 dlrs
    Net 428.1 mln vs 373.7 mln
    Revs 3.13 billion vs 2.70 billion
    Avg shrs 127.3 mln vs 154.5 mln
    NOTE: 1986 results include 25 mln dlr reduction of
operating income for the relaunch of Contac.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20836>
Shr 41 cts vs 33 cts
    Net 10.2 mln vs 8,309,000
    Revs 193.3 mln vs 157.7 mln
    Nine months
    Shr 1.29 dlrs vs 1.02 dlrs
    Net 32.1 mln vs 25.4 mln
    Revs 582 mln vs 486.5 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20837>
Shr 56 cts vs 68 cts
    Net 8,327,000 vs 9,738,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 2.19 dlrs vs 1.67 dlr
    Net 32.8 mln vs 24.8 mln
    Avg shrs 15.0 mln vs 14.9 mln
    Assets 5.58 billion vs 4.34 billion
    Deposits 3.60 billion vs 3.27 billion
    Loans 2.96 billion vs 2.90 billion
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20838>
Sept 30 end
    Shr six cts vs 17 cts
    Net 1,064,000 vs 2,676,000
    Revs 144.6 mln vs 129.4 mln
    Avg shrs 17,121,000 vs 16,065,000
    Six months
    Shr 13 cts vs 25 cts
    Net 2,167,000 vs 4,029,000
    Revs 248 mln vs 249.2 mln
    Avg shrs 17,121,000 vs 16,065,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20879>
Shr profit 1.07 dlrs vs loss 1.19 dlrs
    Net profit 3,326,000 vs loss 3,446,000
    Nine mths
    Net profit 9,714,000 vs profit 3,665,000
    NOTE: Latest and prior nine month per share amounts not
given.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20883>
Shr loss 1.73 dlrs vs nil
    Net loss 16.3 mln vs profit 2,206,000
    Sales 69.1 mln vs 29.1 mln
    Note: per share is after payment of preferred dividends.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20885>
Shr 22 cts vs 20 cts
    Net 4,033,000 vs 3,398,000
    Sales 125.3 mln vs 99.1 mln
    Avg shrs 18.4 mln vs 17.5 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 89 cts vs 78 cts
    Net 15.9 mln vs 13.6 mln
    Sales 413.7 mln vs 345.0 mln
    Avg shrs 17.8 mln vs 17.5 mln
   
    NOTE:1987 3rd qtr per share reflects issuance of two mln
shares in initial public offering. 1986 nine mth results
include extraordinary gain of 3,843,000 dlrs or 22 cts
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20888>
Shr 25 cts vs NA
    Net 3,081,000 vs 2,063,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 86 cts vs NA
    Net 10.5 mln vs 6,966,000
    NOTE: Year-ago per share amounts not available as bank
converted to stock ownership August 13, 1986.
    1987 amounts include operations of Burgdoff Realtors
acquired during December 1986 and other operations.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20894>
Shr 28 cts vs 46 cts
    Net 1,634,000 vs 2,007,000
    Avg shrs 5,850,000 vs 4,400,000
    Nine Mths
    Shr 82 cts vs 1.77 dlrs
    Net 4,788,000 vs 7,792,000
    Avg shrs 5,850,000 vs 4,400,000
    Loans 586.9 mln vs 481.5 mln
    Deposits 697.4 mln vs 606.2 mln
    Assets 797.2 mln vs 683.4 mln
    Note: Full name Sun State Savings and Loan Association.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20896>
Shr 2.10 dlrs vs 1.83 dlrs
    Net 5,919,000 vs 5,168,000
    Revs 35.0 mln vs 34.3 mln
    Nine Mths
    Shr 5.09 dlrs vs 3.55 dlrs
    Net 14,391,000 vs 10,099,000
    Revs 88 mln vs 83.7 mln
    Note: Curent nine mth figures include 2.2 mln dlr, or 79
cts per share, gain resulting from change in accounting method
for unbilled revenues.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20900>
Shr 38 cts vs 52 cts
    Net 3,980,000 vs 5,524,000
    Revs 37.4 mln vs 44.8 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 76 cts vs 99 cts
    Net 7,983,000 vs 10.5 mln
    Revs 100.4 mln vs 123.6 mln
    NOTE: 1987 qtr and nine mths includes loss 9,000 dlrs and
432,000 dlrs, or four cts per share, from repurchase and
retirment of debt.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20904>
Shr 59 cts vs 27 cts
    Net 6,398,000 vs 2,979,000
    Revs 91.0 mln vs 94.1 mln
    Avg shrs 10.8 mln vs 11.2 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.58 dlrs vs 1.06 dlrs
    Net 17.2 mln vs 12.2 mln
    Revs 279.7 mln vs 289.1 mln
    Avg shrs 10.9 mln vs 11.4 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20910>
Shr loss nine cts vs loss 1.03 dlrs
    Net profit 100,000 vs loss 11.6 mln
    Revs 125.2 mln vs 71.8 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr loss 2.46 dlrs vs loss 98 cts
    Net loss 26.9 mln vs loss 8.5 mln
    Revs 355.4 mln vs 215.6 mln
    NOTE: 1987 qtr includes loss 5.9 mln dlrs non-recurring
after-tax charges due almost entirely to the company's recent
buyout of its Tilden Mine debt obligations.
  
    1987 nine mths includes loss 23.7 mln dlrs pre-tax charge
to reduce the carrying value of the company's 17 land drilling
rigs.
    1987 nine mths includes pre-tax gain 1.2 mln dlrs on sale
of uranium reserves.
    1986 nine mths includes pre-tax gain 20.6 mln dlrs on sale
of iron ore interest in western Australia.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20913>
Shr three cts vs two cts
    Net 456,000 vs 272,000
    Sales 15 mln vs 14.4 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr six cts vs 23 cts
    Net 992,000 vs 3,812,000
    Sales 41.1 mln vs 45.4 mln
    Order backlog 46 mln vs 24.3 mln
    Note: 1986 figures include a gain of 2.9 mln dlr or 17 cts
a share from life insurance proceeds.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20915>
Oper shr 45 cts vs 42 cts
    Oper net 33.0 mln vs 31.1 mln
    Revs 749.8 mln vs 716.5 mln
    Nine mths
    Oper shr 1.23 dlrs vs 1.11 dlrs
    Oper net 91.1 mln vs 81.3 mln
    Revs 2.2 billion vs 2.1 billion
    NOTE: Prior nine mths and qtr excludes loss of 2.3 mln dlrs
due to discontinued operations.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20918>
Shr 92 cts vs 91 cts
    Net 24.1 mln vs 22.7 mln
    Avg shrs 25.4 mln vs 24.8 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 20 cts vs 2.58 dlrs
    Net 6,028,000 vs 62.7 mln
    Avg shrs 25.4 mln vs 24.3 mln
    Assets 10.3 billion vs 9.21 billion
    Deposits 7.10 billion vs 6.32 billion
    Loans 6.52 billion vs 5.60 billion
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20920>
Shr 18 cts vs 14 cts
    Net 1,852,000 vs 1,488,000
    Revs 44.7 mln vs 35.9 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 41 cts vs 34 cts
    Net 4,233,000 vs 3,512,000
    Revs 123.8 mln vs 98.4 mln
    NOTE: Full Name is American Management Systems Inc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20926>
Shr 23 cts vs 18 cts
    Net 249,920 vs 194,369
    Revs 3,752,641 vs 3,355,563
    NOTE: Full name is Scicom Data Services Ltd.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20927>
Shr profit three cts vs profit nine cts
    Net profit 102,136 vs profit 307,516
    Revs 8,549,182 vs 8,469,476
    Nine mths
    Shr loss 13 cts vs profit 28 cts
    Net loss 458,823 vs profit 1,014,969
    Revs 25.5 mln vs 24.6 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20930>
Shr 19 cts vs 38 cts
    Net 397,000 vs 788,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 80 cts vs 1.19 dlrs
    Net 1,674,000 vs 2,455,000
    NOTE: Company would not provide assets, deposits, and loans
figures.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20931>
Shr 99 cts vs not given
    Net 1,943,000 vs not given
    Nine mths
    Shr 2.35 dlrs vs not given
    Net 4,602,000 vs not given
    NOTE: Full name is Gateway Federal Savings and Loan
Association. Latest qtr includes a tax credit of 909,000 dlrs
or 46 cents a share. Latest nine mths includes a tax credit of
2,330,000 dlrs or 1.19 dlrs. 1986 figures not given as company
went public on June 2, 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20932>
Shr five cts vs eight cts
    Net 100,000 vs 176,000
    Revs 4,027,000 vs 3,649,000
    NOTE: 1986 qtr includes gain 90,000 dlrs, or four cts per
share, from tax gain.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20937>
Shr 39 cts vs 39 cts
    Net 24.4 mln vs 23.8 mln
    Revs 425.9 mln vs 396.2 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.23 dlrs vs 1.04 dlrs
    Net 76.3 mln vs 64.1 mln
    Revs 1.26 billion vs 1.12 billion
    NOTE: Net adjusted to account for the recent 2-for-1 split
of the company's common.
   
    Qtr 1986 includes a seven cts per shr gain due to net
after-tax foreign currency exchange effect.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20938>
Oper shr loss 2.51 dlrs vs profit 94 cts
    Oper net loss 27.2 mln vs profit 10.3 mln
    Revs 464.2 mln vs 504.6 mln
    Nine mths
    Oper shr loss 1.33 dlrs vs profit 2.57 dlrs
    Oper net loss 14.4 mln vs profit 28.2 mln
    Revs 1.41 billion vs 1.55 billion
   
    NOTE: 1987 qtr and nine mths excludes loss 41.1 mln dlrs,
or 3.79 dlrs per share, and loss 41.8 mln dlrs, or 3.87 dlrs
per share, respectively, from discontinued real estate
operations.
    1986 qtr and nine mths include loss 126,000 dlrs, or one
cent per share, and gain 304,000 dlrs, or three cts per share,
respectively, from discontinued operations.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20943>
Shr 19 cts vs 38 cts
    Net 397,000 vs 788,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 80 cts vs 1.19 dlrs
    Net 1,674,000 vs 2,455,000
    NOTE: Company would not provide assets, deposits, and loans
figures.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20947>
Oper shr profit 62 cts vs profit seven cts
    Oper net profit 3,492,000 vs profit 401,000
    Revs 62.8 mln vs 62.0 mln
    Nine mths
    Oper shr profit 1.26 dlrs vs loss 42 cts
    Oper net profit 7,131,000 vs loss 2,344,000
    Revs 190.3 mln vs 180.0 mln
    NOTE: 1986 period ended September 28. Results exclude
extraordinary gain from net loss carryforward of 228,000 dlrs
or three cts a shr in the 1987 3rd qtr and 1,043,000 dlrs or 18
cts in the 1987 nine mths. 1986 nine mth results exclude
earnings from discontinued operations of 7,549,000 dlrs or 1.34
dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20949>
Shr loss two cts vs loss 1.79 dlrs
    Net profit 4,959,000 vs loss 56.2 mln
    Revs 290.3 mln vs 245.0 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr loss 75 cts vs loss 1.78 dlrs
    Net loss 9,390,000 vs loss 44.2 mln
    Revs 800.8 mln vs 838.6 mln
    NOTE: Full name is AMCA International Ltd. Results in U.S.
dlrs. Latest qtr earnings include pension refund of 10 mln
dlrs, representing loss of two cts per shr after payment of
preferred dividends.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20954>
Shr 1.17 dlrs vs 80 cts
    Net 5,500,000 vs 3,500,000
    Nine months
    Shr 3.30 dlrs vs 2.10 dlrs
    Net 15.1 mln vs 9.2 mln
    Assets 1.6 billion vs 1.4 billion
    Deposits 1.3 billion vs 1.1 billion
    Loans 947.0 mln vs 822.0 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20968>
Shr 11 cts vs nine cts
    Net 105,489 vs 88,929
    Revs 2,306,697 vs 2,066,636
    Nine mths
    Shr 17 cts vs 14 cts
    Net 167,960 vs 136,856
    Revs 6,714,468 vs 6,026,343
    NOTE: 1987 qtr and nine mths includes tax gain 64,200 dlrs
and 102,200 dlrs, respectively. 1986 qtr and nine mths includes
tax gain 78,000 dlrs and 107,000 dlrs, respectively.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20969>
Shr five cts vs seven cts
    Net 80,642 vs 115,222
    Revs 7,833,570 vs 5,739,443
    Nine mths
    Shr five cts vs 1.11 dlrs
    Net 80,773 vs 1,743,828
    Revs 21.6 mln vs 16.3 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20972>
Primary shr 68 cts vs 65 cts
    Diluted shr 62 cts vs 60 cts
    Net 6,053,000 vs 5,803,000
    Revs 101.4 mln vs 94.8 mln
    Primary avg shrs 8,955,000 vs 8,963,000
    Diluted avg shrs 11,031,000 vs 11,010,000
   
    Nine months
    Primary shr 1.74 dlrs vs 1.83 dlrs
    Diluted shr 1.64 dlrs vs 1.69 dlrs
    Net 15.6 mln vs 16.3 mln
    Revs 291.4 mln vs 266.7 mln
    Primary avg shrs 8,974,000 vs 8,936,000
    Diluted avg shrs 11,053,000 vs 10,994,000
    NOTE: 1986 third qtr results exclude extraordinary 811,000
dlr gain from termination of a pension plan. 1986 nine month
results include 1,804,000 dlr gain from June 1986 sale of
National Sanitary Supply common stock in an initial offering.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20973>
Shr 27 cts vs 21 cts
    Net 988,000 vs 784,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 82 cts
    Net 3,040,000 vs 2,089,000
    Assets 284.2 mln vs 244.0 mln
    Loans 203.7 mln vs 133.5 mln
    Deposits 211.7 mln vs 179.5 mln
    NOTE: 1986 nine mths per share not available because bank
did not convert to stock form until May 22, 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20974>
Shr 41 cts vs 47 cts
    Net 1,002,000 vs 931,000
    Avg shrs 2,452,171 vs 1,975,422
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.23 dlrs vs 1.41 dlrs
    Net 3,014,000 vs 2,776,000
    Avg shrs 2,444,591 vs 1,967,539
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20975>
Shr three cts vs two cts
    Net 109,000 vs 67,000
    Sales 11.3 mln vs 11.3 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr seven cts vs 99 cts
    Net 221,000 vs 3,213,000
    Sales 30.6 mln vs 35.9 mln
    Order backlog 22.7 mln vs 13.5 mln
    Note: 1986 figures include life insurance proceeds of 2.5
mln dlr or 78 cts a share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20976>
Shr profit 22 cts vs loss 22 cts
    Net profit 430,373 vs loss 433,395
    Sales 7,723,838 vs 6,219,157
    Nine mths
    Shr profit 49 cts vs loss 1.20 dlrs
    Net profit 960,008 vs loss 2,338,286
    Sales 23.2 mln vs 19.9 mln
    NOTE: 1986 data restated to reflect operations discontinued
in 1986
    1986 earnings exclude loss from discontinued operations of
319,055 dlrs, or 16 cts a share in the quarter and 906,962
dlrs, or 46 cts a share for the nine months
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20983>
Shr 52 cts vs 45 cts
    Net 2,623,000 vs 2,256,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.55 dlrs vs 1.45 dlrs
    Net 7,744,000 vs 6,542,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20984>
Shr 16 cts vs 14 cts
    Net 954,000 vs 777,000
    Revs 24.7 mln vs 21.5 mln
    Avg shrs 6,000,000 vs 6,000,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 39 cts vs 34 cts
    Net 2,314,000 vs 1,805,000
    Revs 69.2 mln vs 59.3 mln
    Avg shrs 6,000,000 vs 5,363,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20988>
Shr 86 cts vs 74 cts
    Net 11.1 mln vs 8.6 mln
    Revs 87.7 mln vs 80.5 mln
    Avg shrs 12,857,904 vs 11,578,259
    Nine mths
    Shr 2.61 dlrs vs 2.15 dlrs
    Net 32.6 mln vs vs 24.8 mln
    Revs 269.8 mln vs 257.8 mln
    Avg shrs 12,482,780 vs 11,502,035
    12 mths
    Shr 3.28 dlrs vs 2.80 dlrs
    Net 40.3 mln vs 32.1 mln
    Revs 355.4 mln vs 342.1 mln
    Avg shrs 12,271,220 vs 11,457,028
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21012>
Shr 43 cts vs 63 cts
    Net 16,362,000 vs 24,325,000
    Revs 589.3 mln vs 549.1 mln
    Nine Mths
    Shr 1.40 dlrs vs 1.73 dlrs
    Net 54,011,000 66,591,000
    Revs 1.68 1.58 billion
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21014>
Shr 96 cts vs 87 cts
    Net 10.8 mln vs 9,671,000
    Revs 103.9 mln vs 97.5 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 2.73 dlrs vs 2.62 dlrs
    Net 30.7 mln vs 29.3 mln
    Revs 325.7 mln vs 302.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21016>
Shr 64 cts vs 55 cts
    Net 14.0 mln vs 11.8 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.83 dlrs vs 1.53 dlrs
    Net 39.7 mln vs 32.7 mln
    Assets 4.65 billion vs 4.53 billion
    Loans 3.24 billion vs 2.92 billion
    Deposits 3.32 billion vs 3.15 billion
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21017>
Shr 30 cts vs 30 cts
    Net 1,804,000 vs 1,800,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 89 cts vs 79 cts
    Net 5,334,00 vs 4,496,000
    NOTE: Earnings per share reflect initial public offering of
534,750 common shares in March 1986 and 2-for-1 stock splits in
January and June 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21022>
Shr 30 cts vs 26 cts
    Net 2,534,000 vs 1,695,000
    Revs 98.8 mln vs 67.1 mln
    Avg shrs 8,447,000 vs 6,563,000
    NOTE: full name of company is harman international
industries inc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21028>
Shr 25 cts
    Net 3,081,000 vs 2,063,000
    Nine months
    Shr 86 cts
    Net 10.5 mln vs 6,966,000
    Assets 1.43 billion vs 1.30 billion
    Deposits 912.5 mln vs 875.8 mln
    NOTE: Company converted to a stock savings bank on Aug 13,
1986.
    1986 results include operations of Realtech Realtors, which
was acquired in 1986.
    1987 results include operations of Burgdorff Realtors,
acquired in December 1986; Cornerstone Mortgage Co, acquired in
July 1987; Centerbank Mortgage Co, acquired in July 1987; and
Center Capital Corp, formed in August 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21032>
Shr 36 cts vs 27 cts
    Net 4,538,000 vs 3,160,000
    Sales 41.8 mln vs 32.8 mln
    Avg shrs 12.6 mln vs 11.9 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21034>
Oper shr profit 13 cts vs nil
    Oper net profit 612,806 vs profit 2,363
    Sales 8,317,933 vs 2,823,243
    Nine mths
    Oper shr profit 32 cts vs loss four cts
    Oper net profit 1,464,338 vs loss 161,315
    Sales 20.3 mln vs 8,241,463
    NOTE: 1987 earnings exclude gains from utilization of tax
loss carryforwards of 321,980 dlrs, or seven cts a share in the
quarter and 772,285 dlrs, or 17 cts a share for the nine months
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21036>
Shr 1.32 dlrs vs 1.59 dlrs
    Net 1,217,649 vs 1,471,824
    Total income 1,896,018 vs 2,278,642
    Nine mths
    Shr 4.92 dlrs vs 5.38 dlrs
    Net 4,553,380 vs 4,979,626
    Total income 6,918,266 vs 8,134,313
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21037>
Shr 44 cts vs 30 cts
    Net 4,057,000 vs 2,716,000
    Sales 49.5 mln vs 29.6 mln
    Six Mths
    Shr six cts vs 55 cts
    Net 518,000 vs 5,167,000
    Sales 89.7 mln vs 54.9 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21038>
Shr five cts vs seven cts
    Net 64,652 vs 96,157
    Sales 1,205,321 vs 1,499,591
    NOTE: Backlog three mln dlrs vs 2,600,000 as of June 30,
1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21042>
Shr 18 cts vs 27 cts
    Net 444,387 vs 676,593
    Revs 549,437 vs 764,901
    Nine mths
    Shr 67 cts vs 81 cts
    Net 1,690,670 vs 2,031,937
    Revs 1,986,938 vs 2,302,278
    NOTE: Full name is Travelers Real Estate Investment Trust
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21044>
Shr 40 cts vs 33 cts
    Net 32.6 mln vs 26.7 mln
    Revs 406.5 mln vs 370.1 mln
    Nine months
    Shr 1.44 dlrs vs 1.20 dls
    Net 117.8 mln vs 97.5 mln
    Revs 1.2 billion vs 1.1 billion
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21045>
Shr 11 cts vs five cts
    Net 806,000 vs 384,000
    Revs 18.0 mln vs 15.6 mln
    Nine Mths
    Shr 28 cts vs 17 cts
    Net 2,105,000 vs 1,320,000
    Revs 51.9 mln vs 46.1 mln
    Note: Full name Safeguard Health Enterprises Inc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21047>
Shr loss 39 cts vs profit 44 cts
    Net loss 2,169,000 vs profit 2,417,000
    Nine Mths
    Shr profit 56 cts vs profit 1.68 dlrs
    Net profit 3,111,000 vs profit 9,317,000
    Note: Full name Mercury Savings and Loan Association
'
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21049>
Shr 45 cts vs 36 cts
    Net 2,554,000 vs 1,954,000
    Revs 44.4 mln vs 32.5 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.00 dlrs vs 75 cts
    Net 5,461,000 vs 3,756,000
    Revs 109.5 mln vs 89.9 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21053>
Shr 31 cts vs nine cts
    Net 1,345,000 vs 368,000
    Revs 31.9 mln vs 26.4 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 91 cts vs 40 cts
    Net 3,890,000 vs 3,556,000
    Revs 89.3 mln vs 71.7 mln
    NOTE: 1986 qtr and nine mths include loss 831,000 dlrs, or
19 cts per share, and loss 1,872,000 dlrs, or 44 cts per share,
respectively, from discontinued operations.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21055>
Shr 44 cts vs 71 cts
    Net 14.8 mln vs 21.1 mln
    Revs 628.6 mln vs 605.6 mln
    Avg shrs 30,743,000 vs 26,969,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 2.01 dlrs vs 1.93 dlrs
    Net 65.0 mln vs 57.4 mln
    Revs 1.89 billion vs 1.81 billion
    Avg shrs 30,782,000 vs 26,619,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21077>
Net 13,185,000 vs 6,715,000
    Nine mths
    Net 26.2 mln vs 15.3 mln
    NOTE: Company is owned by a consortium of European banks.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21081>
Shr 17 cts vs 13 cts
     Net 2.1 mln vs 1.03 mln
     Revs 15.6 mln vs 12 mln
     Nine mths
     Shr 58 cts vs 37 cts
     Net 6.9 mln vs 3.7 mln
     Revs 56.2 mln vs 27.5 mln
     Avg shrs 11.9 mln vs 10.0 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21095>
Shr primary 1.15 dlrs vs 76 cts
    Shr fully diluted 1.15 dlrs vs 76 cts
    Net 40.8 mln vs 27.1 mln
    Revs 369.6 mln vs 263.2 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr primary 2.95 dlrs vs 3.44 dlrs
    Shr fully diluted 2.95 dlrs vs 3.33 dlrs
    Net 103.8 mln vs 119.0 mln
    Revs 1.06 billion vs 897.8 mln

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21100>
Shr 22 cts vs 57 cts
    Net 504,808 vs 1,281,781
    Revs 633,119 vs 1,396,703
    Nine mths
    Shr 87 cts vs 1.32 dlrs
    Net 1,959,385 vs 2,986,379
    Revs 2,342,322 vs 3,346,555
    NOTE: Full name of trust is Travelers Realty Income
Investors
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21103>
Shr 75 cts vs 55 cts
    Net 8,031,000 vs 5,819,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 2.16 dlrs vs 1.42 dlrs
    Net 23.2 mln vs 15.1 mln
    Assets 3.41 billion vs 2.84 billion
    Deposits 2.54 billion vs 2.19 billion
    NOTE: 1987 nine mths includes gain 1,008,000 dlrs, or nine
cts per share, from utilization of prior year's net operating
loss carryforwards.
   
    NOTE: 1986 qtr and nine mths include loss 131,000 dlrs, or
one cent per share, from unspecified extraordinary item.
    1986 qtr and nine mths includes gain 2,281,000 dlrs, or 22
cts per share, and 6,393,000 dlrs, or 60 cts per share,
respectively, from utilization of net operating loss
carryforwards.
    full name of company is society for savings bancorp inc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21105>
Shr 88 cts vs 73 cts
    Net 2,580,000 vs 2,147,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 2.48 dlrs vs 2.33 dlrs
    Net 7,266,000 vs 5,948,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21106>
Shr loss 12 cts vs profit two cts
    Net loss 2,669,000 vs profit 528,000
    Revs 79.8 mln vs 74.9 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr profit 64 cts vs profit 1.63 dlrs
    Net profit 14.3 mln vs profit 35.7 mln
    Revs 280.0 mln vs 288.8 mln

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21109>
Shr 87 cts vs 84 cts
    Net 418.6 mln vs 399.2 mln
    Revs 3.12 billion vs 2.89 billion
    Nine mths
    Shr 2.61 dlrs vs 2.62 dlrs
    Net 1.25 billion vs 1.23 billion
    Revs 9.10 billion vs 8.62 billion
    Avg shrs 481.4 mln vs 473.6 mln
    NOTE: Share adjusted for three-for-two stock split in
February 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21112>
Shr profit 55 cts vs loss 12 cts
    Net profit 3,998,000 vs loss 915,000
    Sales 93.8 mln vs 80.9 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr profit 1.71 dlrs vs profit 95 cts
    Net profit 12,641,000 vs profit 7,282,000
    Sales 260.9 mln vs 249 mln
    Note: 1986 figures include a five mln dlr or 65 cts a share
charge for electronics restructuring and 1.7 mln dlr charge
from early retirement of 12 mln dlrs in long-term notes
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21113>
Shr 2.17 dlrs vs 1.42 dlrs
    Net 24,907,000 vs 16,117,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 4.05 dlrs vs 3.75 dlrs
    Net 47,105,000 vs 42,874,000
    Assets 9.66 billion vs 9.25 billion
    Deposits 8.06 billion vs 7.80 billion
    Loans 842.5 mln vs 711.1 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21114>
Shr 84 cts vs 86 cts
    Net 3,893,000 vs 4,054,000
    Revs 21.0 mln vs 21.2 mln
    Nine Mths
    Shr 1.88 dlrs vs 1.87 dlrs
    Net 8,707,000 vs 8,848,000
    Revs 57.9 mln vs 59.1 mln
    NOTE: 1986 per share adjusted for three for two stock split
effective June 1, 1987.
    St. Joseph Light and Power Co is full name of company.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21117>
Shr 1.04 dlrs vs 67 cts
    Shr diluted 1.01 dlrs vs 66 cts
    Net 63.2 mln vs 40.5 mln
    Sales 1.70 billion vs 1.43 billion
    Nine mths
    Shr 2.91 dlrs vs 2.88 dlrs
    Shr diluted 2.85 dlrs vs 2.82 dlrs
    Net 176.5 mln vs 172.7 mln
    Sales 5.08 billion vs 4.49 billion
    Avg shrs 60.3 mln vs 59.6 mln 
    Avg shrs diluted 62.0 mln vs 61.3 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21132>
June 30 end
    Shr 0.3 ct vs four cts
    Net 18,463 vs 174,486
    Revs 5,074,686 vs 4,181,978
    Avg shrs 5,624,041 vs 4,860,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21135>
Shr nine cts vs six cts
    Net 242,000 vs 135,000
    Sales 4,003,000 vs 2,968,000
    Six Mths
    Shr 17 cts vs 14 cts
    Net 414,000 vs 297,000
    Sales 7,54,000 vs 5,912,000
    Avg shrs 2.4 mln vs 2.1 mln
    NOTE: 1986 net includes tax credits equal to one cent in
the quarter and two cts in the six months.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21136>
Shr 42 cts vs 32 cts
    Net 1,076,572 vs 826,939
    Sales 20.5 mln vs 12.5 mln
    NOTE: Company released results in connection with filing
for Class A common stock offering.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21142>
Oper shr 17 cts vs not available
    Oper net 1,619,000 vs 6,354,000
    Nine Mths
    Oper shr 80 cts vs not available
    Oper net 7,675,000 vs 22,669,000
    Assets 6.06 billion vs 5.74 billion
    Loans 3.11 billion vs 3.33 billion
    Deposits 4.57 billion vs 4.83 billion
   
    NOTE: 1987 operating net excludes tax credits of 3.9 mln
dlrs or 40 cts a share in the quarter and 8.1 mln dlrs or 85
cts in the nine months period.
    1986 nine months operating net excludes prepayment
penalties on early retirement of loans of 736,000 dlrs.
    Talman Home Federal Savings and Loan Association, Chicago
is full name of company.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21146>
Shr loss 1.39 dlrs vs profit 1.20 dlrs
    Net loss 5,306,000 vs profit 7,246,000
    Six mths
    Shr loss 18 cts profit 2.23 dlrs
    Net profit 3,259,000 vs profit 14.2 mln
    Assets 6.79 billion vs 5.42 billion
    Deposits 3.99 billion vs 3.38 billion
    Loans 4.92 billion vs 4.53 billion
    NOTE: 1987 six mths per share includes preferred stock
dividend payments.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21148>
Shr 30 cts vs 30 cts
    Net 1,804,000 vs 1,800,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 89 cts vs 79 cts
    Net 5,334,000 vs 4,496,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21164>
Periods ended September 30
    Oper shr 24 cts vs six cts
    Oper net 1,297,881 vs 312,295
    Sales 60.5 mln vs 52.2 mln
    First half
    Oper shr 39 cts vs 13 cts
    Oper net 2,099,679 vs 711,530
    Sales 118.1 mln vs 103.7 mln
    NOTE: 1986 operating net excludes losses from discontinued
operations of 154,661 dlrs, or three cts a share, in quarter
and 409,476 dlrs, or seven cts a share, in half.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21165>
Shr 43 cts vs 55 cts
    Net 6,262,000 vs 7,948,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.30 dlrs vs 1.54 dlrs
    Net 18.8 mln vs 22.3 mln
    Assets 2.4 billion vs 2.1 billion
    NOTE: Prior year amounts restated to reflect 2-for-1 stock
split effective May 15, 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21166>
Period ended Sept 27
    Shr nine cts vs 24 cts
    Net 474,000 vs 880,000
    Sales 11.2 mln vs 11.8 mln
    Avg shrs 5,369,555 vs 3,654,986
    Note: 1986 figures include tax credits of 113,000 dlrs or
three cts a share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21173>
Shr 23 cts vs 22 cts
    Net 1,293,000 vs 1,256,000
    Sales 39.7 mln vs 31.6 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 72 cts vs 61 cts
    Net 4,099,000 vs 3,470,000
    Sales 115.9 mln vs 87.6 mln
    NOTE: Share adjusted for three-for-two stock split in
February 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21175>
Shr primary loss eight cts vs profit 49 cts
    Shr fully diluted loss eight cts vs profit 45 cts
    Net profit 681,000 vs profit 11.5 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr primary profit 33 cts vs profit 2.36 dlrs
    Shr fully diluted profit 33 cts vs profit 1.92 dlrs
    Net profit 12.7 mln vs profit 47.5 mln
    Assets 10.53 billion vs 10.75 billion
    Deposits 5.98 billion vs 5.89 billion
    Loans 8.44 billion vs 9.09 billion
    NOTE: 1987 nine mth figures include gain of 2,470,000 dlrs
from cumulative effect of an accounting change.
    1987 3rd qtr and nine mth figures also include gain of 12.1
mln dlrs from sale of real estate investment property.
    1987 3rd qtr and nine mths earnings per share reflect
payment of dividends on company's two series of preferred stock
amounting to 2.2 mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21176>
Shr profit 1.47 dlrs vs loss 26 cts
    Net profit 146 mln vs loss 26 mln
    Revs 2.25 billion vs 1.82 billion
    Nine mths
    Shr profit 1.82 dlrs vs profit 2.27 dlrs
    Net profit 180 mln vs profit 224 mln
    Revs 5.94 billion vs 5.55 billion
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21178>
Period ended August 29.
    Shr profit one ct vs loss one ct
    Net profit 128,112 vs loss 30,170
    Sales 1,620,707 vs 1,325,406
    Avg shrs 9,306,031 vs 3,499,219
    Six Mths
    Shr nil vs loss nine cts
    Net profit 25,890 vs loss 322,675
    Sales 2,915,077 vs 1,845,003
    Avg shrs 9,283,631 vs 3,499,219
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21179>
Shr 1.13 dlrs vs 87 cts
    Net 5,010,000 vs 3,868,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 4.91 dlrs vs 4.84 dlrs
    Net 21.8 mln vs 21.5 mln
    NOTE: Current quarter figures include gain of 4.7 mln dlrs
on property sales vs gain of 2.9 mln in prior year's quarter.
    Current nine month figures include gain of 20.5 mln dlrs on
property sales vs gain of 19 mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21181>
Sept 30
    Shr seven cts vs five cts
    Net 234,504 vs 157,862
    Revs 4,096,000 vs 3,007,383
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21182>
Qtr ends September 30
    Shr 25 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 759,000 vs 383,000
    Revs 9,052,000 vs 6,829,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21189>
Shr 23 cts vs 20 cts
    Net 1,115,000 vs 971,000
    Revs 13.8 mln vs 11.9 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 64 cts vs 52 cts
    Net 3,134,000 vs 2,521,000
    Revs 40.1 mln vs 31.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21190>
Shr 34 cts vs not given
    Net 510,192 vs 328,428
    Nine mths
    Shr one dlr vs not given
    Net 1,489,831 vs 741,136
    NOTE: Company went public in September 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21191>
3rd qtr net
    Shr 22 cts vs 54 cts
    Net 366,497 vs 877,148
    Nine mths
    Shr 70 cts vs 1.17 dlrs
    Net 1,185,352 vs 1,924,255
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21192>
Shr loss five cts vs loss eight cts
    Net loss 657,000 vs loss 566,535
    Revs 9,341,755 vs 260,468
    Avg shrs 14,323,384 vs 7,081,688
    Nine mths
    Shr loss 19 cts vs loss 39 cts
    Net loss 2,449,094 vs loss 1,408,789
    Revs 15,571,230 vs 683,684
    Avg shrs 12,655,172 vs 3,612,300
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21193>
Shr profit seven cts vs n/a
    Net profit 587,000 vs profit 3,231,000
    Sales 18.5 mln vs 18.7 mln
    Nine Mths
    Shr loss 39 ct s vs n/a
    Net loss 2,368,000 vs protit 7,165,000
    Sales 55.4 mln vs 54.2 mln
    Note: Current nine month figures include extraordinary loss
of 1.2 mln dlrs, or 17 cts per share, resulting from costs
associated with restructuring.
    Prior quarter and nine month per share figures not
applicable because company began operations in October, 1986
with the acquisition of Gould Inc's &lt;GLD> medical products
group.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21194>
Shr 21 cts vs 11 cts
    Net 661,000 vs 325,000
    Revs 13.6 mln vs 13.4 mln
    Avg shrs 3,148,000 vs 3,011,000
    1st half
    Shr 42 cts vs 25 cts
    Newt 1,310,000 vs 752,000
    Revs 28.2 mln vs 25.6 mln
    Avg shrs 3,136,000 vs 3,006,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21195>
Shr 23 cts vs 15 cts
    Net 2,641,000 vs 1,295,000
    Revs 15.6 mln vs 7,925,000
    Avg shrs 11.6 mln vs 8,900,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 65 cts vs 37 cts
    Net 6,805,000 vs 3,308,000
    Revs 42.7 mln vs 20.6 mln
    Avg shrs 10.5 mln vs 8,900,000
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21196>
Shr loss 24 cts vs loss 13 cts
    Net loss 619,956 vs loss 340,735
    Revs 17.2 mln vs 18.2 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr profit six cts vs loss 92 cts
    Net profit 172,384 vs loss 2,437,333
    Revs 57.7 mln vs 57.5 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21199>
Sept 30
    Shr 44 cts
    Net 905,000 vs 631,000
    Six months
    Shr 88 cts
    Net 1,793,000 vs 1,378,000
    Assets 221 mln vs 223.2 mln
    Deposits 186.4 mln vs 189.8 mln
    Loans 176.5 mln vs.7 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21203>
Shr loss five cts vs loss eight cts
    Net loss 118,000 vs loss 87,000
    Sales 1,765,000 vs 1,345,000
    Avg shrs 2,370,000 vs 1,070,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21205>
Shr 28 cts vs 41 cts
    Net 205,000 vs 229,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 86 cts vs 1.01 dlrs
    Net 622,000 vs 566,000
    NOTE: Share reflects issuance of 166,750 common shares in
December 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21206>
Shr 38 cts vs 25 cts
    Net 708,197 vs 404,471
    Sales 6,592,736 vs 6,122,133
    Avg shrs 1,886,400 vs 1,648,477
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21208>
Shr profit five cts vs profit seven cts
    Net profit 59,000 vs profit 39,000
    Nine mths
    Shr profit 12 cts vs loss four cts
    Net profit 92,000 vs loss 20,000
    Avg shrs 775,000 vs 548,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21209>
Shr 42 cts vs 59 cts
    Net 734,659 vs 1,033,309
    Nine mths
    Shr 92 cts vs 1.69 dlrs
    Net 1,629,719 vs 2,971,144
    NOTE: 1987 nine mths net includes a loss of 290,000 dlrs on
sale of securities and nine-recurring charge of 32,713 dlrs for
write-off of FSLIC secondary reserve.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21211>
Shr 1.33 dlrs vs 90 cts
    Net 12.0 mln vs 8,180,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 3.63 dlrs vs 2.88 dlrs
    Net 32.9 mln vs 26.2 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21214>
Shr profit three cts vs profit nine cts
    Net profit 102,136 vs profit 307,516
    Revs 8,459,182 vs 8,469,476
    Avg shrs 3,448,218 vs 3,613,672
    Nine mths
    Shr loss 13 cts vs profit 28 cts
    Net loss 458,823 vs profit 1,014,969
    Revs 25.5 mln vs 24.6 mln
    Avg shrs 3,467,099 vs 3,612,626
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21215>
3rd qtr
    Oper shr 27 cts vs 29 cts
    Oper net 4,926,000 vs 5,231,000
    Revs 18.5 mln vs 17.8 ln
    Nine mths
    Oper shr 78 cts vs 84 cts
    Oper net 14.1 mln vs 15.3 mln
    Revs 55.0 mln vs 53.6 mln
    NOTE: Net excludes capital gains of 751,000 dlrs vs 664,000
dlrs in quarter and 5,881,000 dlrs vs 3,409,000 dlrs in nine
mths.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21218>
Shr 66 cts vs 48 cts
    Net 8,413,000 vs 6,112,000
    Sales 267.9 mln vs 230.6 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 2.20 dlrs vs 2.05 dlrs
    Net 28.1 mln 26.4 mln
    Sales 806.7 mln vs 720.7 mln
    NOTE: 1986 3rd qtr results include extraordinary loss on
extinguishment of debt of 1,482,000 dlrs or 12 cts a shr.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21219>
Shr 33 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 2,272,000 vs 880,000
    Revs 6,399,000 vs 5,912,000
    Chainwide sales 142.0 mln vs 126.7 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.07 dlrs vs 44 cts
    Net 7,369,000 vs 2,868,000
    Revs 19.1 mln vs 16.1 mln
    Chainwide sales 402.9 mln vs 357.1 mln
    Avg shrs 6,918,000 vs 6,569,000
                             
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21221>
Shr 17 cts vs four cts
    Qtly div eight cts vs eight cts
    Net 739,000 vs 157,000
    Revs 21.1 mln vs 14.5 mln
    NOTE: 1986 1st qtr adjusted for five pct stock dividend
pain in March 1987.
    Qtly dividend payable December seven to shareholders or
record November nine.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21222>
Sept 30 end
    Shr loss 38 cts vs loss three cts
    Net loss 3,300,000 vs loss 205,000
    Revs 63.4 mln vs 72.1 mln
    Avg shrs 8,966,000 vs 9,741,000
    NOTE: 1986 first quarter results include 398,000 gain from
repurchase of debentures that had been discounted below market
value.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21224>
Shr profit 30 cts vs profit three cts
    Net profit 3,933,000 vs profit 436,000
    Revs 70.4 mln vs 47.2 mln
    Avg 13.2 mln vs 13.0 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr profit 85 cts vs loss 17 cts
    Net profit 11.2 mln vs loss 2,083,000
    Revs 192.1 mln vs 144.8 mln
    Avg shrs 13.2 mln vs 12.0 mln
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21227>
Shr 26 cts vs 18 cts
    Net 5,281,000 vs 3,496,000
    Revs 48.8 mln vs 32.1 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 64 cts vs 51 cts
    Net 12.9 mln vs 9,822,000
    Revs 129.0 mln vs 89.2 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21232>
Shr 26 cts vs 18 cts
    Net 1,409,551 vs 985,470
    Revs 38.4 mln vs 22.5 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 64 cts vs 47 cts
    Net 3,477,188 vs 2,558,625
    Revs 88.8 mln vs 63.9 mln
    NOTE: Earnings per share adjusted for 3-for-2 stock split
distributed on September 4.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21233>
Shr profit two cts vs loss 2.60 dlrs
    Net profit 111,000 vs loss 16.9 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr profit 19 cts vs loss 2.80 dlrs
    Net profit 1,261,000 vs loss 18.1 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21234>
Shr 11 cts vs 22 cts
    Qtly div 10 cts vs 10 cts prior
    Net 548,254 vs 1,138,978
    Revs 28 mln vs 31.1 mln
    Year
    Shr 50 cts vs 1.34 dlrs
    Net 2,527,846 vs 6,822,293
    Revs 111.7 mln vs 118.9 mln
    NOTE: Qtly div payable December 4 to shareholders of record
November 13.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21236>
Sept 30 end
    Shr 14 cts vs 20 cts
    Net 733,980 vcs 871,720
    Revs 14.7 mln vs 12.0 mln
    Avg shrs 5,130,190 vs 4,302,430
    Year
    Shr 61 cts vs 60 cts
    Net 2,763,308 vs 2,550,133
    Revs 50.0 mln vs 43.1 mln
    Avg shrs 4,565,189 vs 4,277,046
    Fiscal 1987 net both periods includes charge 480,000 dlrs
to adjust premium reserves for workers' compensation and
liability insurance claims.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21237>
Shr 85 cts vs 73 cts
    Net 3,150,000 vs 2,699,000
    Sales 39.8 mln vs 34.3 mln
    Nine Mths
    Shr 2.19 dlrs vs 1.86 dlrs
    Net 8,109,000 vs 6,876,000
    Sales 111.5 mln vs 100.7 mln
    NOTE: 1987 tax credits added 14 cts to third quarter net
and 33 cts to nine months net compared with credits of 16 cts
and 45 cts in the respective 1986 periods.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21238>
Oper shr three cts vs 48 cts
    Oper net 170,000 vs 2,324,000
    Nine mths
    Oper shr 1.26 dlrs vs 1.84 dlrs
    Oper net 6,157,000 vs 8,907,000
    NOTE: Operating net excludes extraordinary gains of 231,000
dlrs, or four cts a share, vs 2,657,000 dlrs, or 55 cts a
share, in quarter and 1,341,000 dlrs, or 28 cts a share, vs
4,637,000 dlrs, or 95 cts a share, in the nine months
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21240>
Shr 48 cts vs 35 cts
    Net 4,946,000 vs 3,552,000
    Sales 94.1 mln vs 84.5 mln
    Avg shrs 10.2 mln vs 10.1 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21242>
Oper shr profit four cts vs profit 13 cts
    Oper net profit 456,000 vs profit 1,633,000
    Revs 37.8 mln vs 34.0 mln
    Avg shrs 13.0 mln vs 13.0 mln
    Nine mths
    Oper shr profit 12 cts vs loss 39 cts
    Oper net profit 1,614,000 vs loss 4,877,000
    Revs 109.2 mln vs 88.3 mln
    Avg shrs 13.1 mln vs 12.5 mln
    NOTE: 1987 net excludes tax credits of 156,000 dlrs in
quarter and 716,000 dlrs in nine mths.
    1987 net both perioods includes charge one mln dlrs from
restructuring of Computer Products Division.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21244>
Shr profit five cts vs loss one ct
    Net profit 504,000 vs loss 102,000
    Revs 31.4 mln vs 32.0 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr profit 17 cts vs profit 26 cts
    Net profit 1,729,000 vs profit 2,596,000
    Revs 92.7 mln vs 112.6 mln
    NOTE: 1986 3rd qtr net includes a after-tax charge of
555,000 dlrs for sale of Reliacare Inc.
   
    1986 nine mths net includes charge of 1,253,000 dlrs or 12
cts a share for sale of Reliacare and Inspiron Hospital
Products division.
    1986 nine mths net also includes aftertax earnings of
2,256,000 dlrs or 22 dlrs a share for American Medical
International Inc &lt;AMI> contracts which expired July 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21248>
Shr 1.22 dlrs
    Net 27.8 mln vs 28.6 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 3.88 dlrs
    Net 87.4 mln vs 98.7 mln
    Assets 10.3 billion vs 8.4 billion
    Deposits 7.4 billion vs 6.7 billion
    Loans 7.9 billion vs 6.0 billion
    NOTE: Full name is Dime Savings Bank of New York. 1986 per
share figures not available as bank converted to stock form in
August 1986.
    1987 qtr and nine mths includes gain 10.5 mln dlrs and 33.2
mln dlrs, respectively, from utilization of net operating loss
carryforwards. 1986 qtr and nine mths includes gain 10.4 mln
dlrs and 32.9 mln dlrs, respectively, from utilization of net
operating loss carryforwards. 1987 qtr and nine mths also
includes charge of 835,000 dlrs for the early extinguishment of
debt net of tax benefit.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21252>
Sept 30 end
    Shr 32 cts vs 32 cts
    Net 2,990,000 vs 2,988,000
    Sales 57.3 mln vs 54.6 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21254>
Shr 54 cts vs 73 cts
    Net 3,080,000 vs 4,367,000
    Sales 59.6 mln vs 55.6 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.44 dlrs vs 1.81 dlrs
    Net 8,526,000 vs 10,857,000
    Sales 172.4 mln vs 167.0 mln
    Backlog 34 mln dlrs vs 29 mln dlrs
    NOTE: 1986 period ended September 26
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21255>
Shr 55 cts vs 48 cts
    Net 2,520,000 vs 2,211,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.57 dlrs vs 1.41 dlrs
    Net 7,223,000 vs 6,475,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21256>
Shr 19 cts vs 15 cts
    Net 826,362 vs 421,759
    Revs 19.0 mln vs 14.8 mln
    Avg shrs 4,400,000 vs 2,900,000
    Nine Mths
    Shr 48 cts vs 31 cts
    Net 1,872,075 vs 887,478
    Revs 51.6 mln  41.1 mln
    Avg shrs 3,889,000 vs 2,900,000
    Note: Full name Countrywide Transport Services Inc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21257>
Shr four cts vs five cts
    Net 85,292 vs 109,285
    Revs 2,916,128 vs 474,819
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21259>
Shr 85 cts vs 77 cts
    Net 25.8 mln vs 21.9 mln
    Avg shrs 29.0 mln vs 27.1 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 2.22 dlrs vs 2.14 dlrs
    Net 67.9 mln vs 60.1 mln
    Avg shrs 29.0 mln vs 26.5 mln
    NOTE: Previously reoprted amounts restated for earnings of
First NorthWest Bancorp acquired in pooling of interests on
July 31, 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21260>
Oper shr 1.02 dlrs vs 82 cts
    Oper net 174 mln vs 149 mln
    Revs 2.7 billion vs 2.4 billion
    Nine mths
    Oper shr 2.54 dlrs vs 2.64 dlrs
    Oper net 438 mln vs 492 mln
    Revs 8.2 billion vs 7.4 billion
    NOTE: 1987 3rd qtr and nine mths includes after-tax 82 mln
dlr or 49 cts a share gain for increase in equity of Union
Texas Petroleum Holdings Inc, for initial public offering.
   
    1987 nine mths net includes after-tax gain of 73 mln dlrs
or 42 cts a share on sale of remaining interest in the Henley
Group Inc and other related transactions, which was partly
offset by an after-tax loss of 30 mln dlrs ot 17 cts a share
for repurchase of high coupon bonds.
    1987 nine mths also excludes 79 mln dlrs for estimated net
gain on disposal of discontinued operations as of March 31,
1987, including Linotype Group, Amphenol Products, Ampex Corp.
    1986 amounts restated to exclude sales and expenses of
discontinued operations.
   
    1986 3rd qtr and nine mths oper net excludes operating
income of 15 mln dlrs and and 44 mln dlrs for discontinued
operations.
    1986 nine mths includes a 43 mln dlrs or 24 cts a share
after tax gain for reversion of surplus pension funds.
    At end of 1987 and 1986 third quarter, average shares
outstanding were 169.9 mln and 175.4 mln outstanding, after
deducting dividends accured on preferred stock. At end of 1987
and 1986 nine mth period, average shares were 172.5 mln and
175.9, respectively, after deducting for preferred stock
dividends.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21262>
Shr 16 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 1,538,000 vs 1,288,000
    Sales 35.3 mln vs 29.5 mln
    Nine Mths
    Shr 27 cts vs 37 cts
    Net 2,601,000 vs 3,586,000
    Sales 102.0 mln vs 84.2 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21264>
Shr 1.24 dlrs vs 66 dlrs
    Net 38.2 mln vs 20.1 mln
    Revs 419.1 mln vs 333.8 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 3.50 dlrs vs 1.74 dlrs
    Net 107.7 mln vs 53 mln
    Revs 1.2 billion vs 940 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21265>
Shr 34 cts vs 26 cts
    Net 6,150,000 vs 4,743,000
    Revs 61.4 mln vs 49.5 mln
    Nine months
    Shr 89 cts vs 70 cts
    Net 16 mln vs 11.8 mln
    Revs 170 mln vs 137.5 mln
    NOTE: All share and per share data have been adjusted to
reflect 100 pct stock dividend distrition on April 24, 1987 and
the public offier of two mln shares ofthe company on June 4,
1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21266>
Shr 63 cts vs 49 cts
    Net 5,635,000 vs 4,330,000
    Sales 117.8 mln vs 96.2 mln
    Year
    Shr 2.21 dlrs vs 1.71 dlrs
    Net 19.8 mln vs 15.2 mln
    Sales 465.1 mln vs 388.5 mln
    NOTE: Share adjusted for February 1987 three-for-two split.
    Prior year results restated.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21271>
Sept 30 end
    Primary 76 cts vs 51 cts
    Diluted shr 70 cts vs 49 cts
    Net 2,802,000 vs 2,030,000
    Revs 124.9 mln vs 117.2 mln
    Primary avg shrs 3,687,000 vs 4,016,000
    Diluted avg shrs 4,786,000 vs 5,101,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21272>
Shr 24 cts vs 15 cts
    Net 24,057,000 vs 14,508,000
    Revs 156.1 mln vs 111.2 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 63 cts vs 40 cts
    Net 63,183,000 vs 36,464,000
    Revs 405.0 mln vs 295.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21275>
Oper shr 70 cts vs 18 cts
    Oper net 39.1 mln vs 10.0 mln
    Sales 543.6 mln vs 489.6 mln
    Year
    Oper shr 2.83 dlrs vs 1.82 dlrs
    Oper net 159.7 mln vs 106.9 mln
    Sales 2.13 billion vs 1.94 billion
    Avg shrs 56.4 mln vs 58.6 mln
    NOTE: Results restated for discontinued engineering
services operations.
    Prior year net excludes losses from discontinued operations
of 143,000 dlrs in quarter and 102,156 dlrs in year.
    Fiscal 1987 year net excludes 4,081,000 dlr charge from
early debt retirement.
    Fiscal 1986 net includes special charges 24.7 mln dlrs in
quarter and 37.2 mln dlrs in year from worgroce reduction
costs, revaluation of South African investment, reversal of
investment tax credits and othe4r items.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21281>
Shr 80 cts vs 70 cts
    Shr diluted 76 cts vs 67 cts
    Qtly div 33 cts vs 33 cts prior
    Net 7,879,000 vs 7,007,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 2.33 dlrs vs 2.01 dlrs
    Shr diluted 2.22 dlrs vs 1.92 dlrs
    Net 23.0 mln vs 20.0 mln
    Avg shrs 9,890,148 vs 10.0 mln
    NOTE: Dividend pay Dec 10, record Nov 20.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21283>
Aug 31
    Shr loss 34 cts vs profit 39 cts
    Net loss 2,337,000 vs profit 2,532,000
    Revs 66.1 mln vs 58.5 mln
    Avg shrs 7,166,000 vs 6,763,000
    12 months
    Shr profit 26 cts vs loss 1.20 dlrs
    Net profit 1,815,000 vs loss 7,927,000
    Revs 264.3 mln vs 229.7 mln
    Avg shrs 7,005,000 vs 6,621,000
    NOTE: Results include pretax restructuring provisions of
4.2 mln dlrs and 22.5 mln dlrs for 1987 and 1986, respectively.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21286>
Shr profit three cts vs profit one ct
    Net profit 129,082 vs profit 36,099
    Revs 3,864,187 vs 1,875,919
    Nine Mths
    Shr loss six cts vs profit two cts
    Net loss 303,581 vs profit 110,311
    Revs 9,517,242 vs 5,248,105
    NOTE: Prior qtr and nine mth figures include extraordinarycredits of 15,000 dlrs and 48,000 dlrs, respectively.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21295>
Shr profit 32 cts vs profit nine cts
    Net profit 413,000 vs profit 63,000
    Avg shrs 1,278,360 vs 728,476
    Nine Mths
    Shr profit 68 cts vs loss 57 cts
    Net profit 708,000 vs loss 415,000
    Avg shrs 1,041,697 vs 728,476
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21298>
Shr 1.05 dlrs vs 74 cts
    Net 5,244,000 vs 3,684,000
    Nine Mths
    Shr 2.93 dlrs vs 2.14 dlrs
    Net 14.6 mln vs 10.6 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21300>
Shr loss primary 82 cts vs profit 15 cts
    Shr loss diluted 82 cts vs 13 cts
    Net loss 4,134,000 vs profit 649,000
    Avg shrs 5,030,000 vs 3,927,000
    Nine Mths
    Shr loss primary 80 cts vs profit 37 cts
    Shr loss diluted 80 cts vs 32 cts
    Net loss 3,615,000 vs profit 1,652,000
    Avg shrs 4,557,000 vs 3,927,000
    Loans 231.2 mln vs 221.5 mln
    Deposits 323.3 mln vs 281.9 mln
    Assets 368.3 mln vs 346.5 mln
    Note: Prior qtr and nine mth figures include operating loss
carryforward gains of 105,000 dlrs, or two cts per share and
195,000 dlrs, or four cts per share, respectively.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21302>
Shr 1.02 dlrs vs 96 cts
    Net 55.6 mln vs 53.2 mln
    Revs 1.3 billion vs 1.2 billion
    Nine mths
    Shr 3.13 dlrs vs 2.88 dlrs
    Net 171.3 mln vs 159.0 mln
    Revs 3.8 billion vs 3.5 billion
    NOTE: 1987 3rd qtr and nine mths includes one time
after-tax charge of 14.3 mln dlrs or 26 cts a share for
previously announced anticipated sale in the fourth quarter of
an investment in Equatorial Communications Co.
    1986 amounts restated, increasing net by four cts a share,
for change in pension expense accounting.
    Backlog on September 30, 1987 was 9.3 billion dlrs, which
company said was a record.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21308>
Shr not given
    Net loss 69.0 mln vs profit 3,682,000
    Revs 258.3 mln vs 229.6 mln
    Six mths
    Shr loss 58.8 mln vs profit 13.3 mln
    Revs 517.9 mln vs 466.5 mln
    NOTE: Company recently spun off from Carter Hawley Hale
Stores Inc &lt;CHH>. Current year net both periods includes 40.8
mln dlrs in pretax charges from Carter Hawley Hale
restructuring.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21315>
Shr 50 cts vs 35 cts
    Net 42.7 mln vs 29.9 mln
    Revs 236.5 mln vs 218.2 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.24 dlrs vs 1.02 dlrs
    Net 105.8 mln vs 86.9 mln
    Revs 702.5 mln vs 642.5 mln
    NOTE: 1987 nine-month earnings include nonrecurring gain of
nine cents a share from sale of the company's Data Card
investment.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21322>
Shr 57 cts vs not given
    Net 6,889,000 vs 10.7 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.67 dlrs vs not given
    Net 20.1 mln vs 23.0 mln
    NOTE: Company went public in November 1986.
    1986 net both periods includes 5,642,000 dlr pretax gain on
sale of branches.
    Net includes securities and loan sales loss 90,000 dlrs
pretax vs gain 46,000 dlrs in quarter and gains 1,213,000 dlrs
vs 2,605,000 dlrs in nine mths and loan losxs provisions
125,000 dlrs vs 30,000 dlrs in quarter and 275,000 dlrs vs
90,000 dlrs in nine mths.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21324>
Shr eight cts vs six cts
    Net 22 mln vs 18 mln
    Revs 994 mln vs 910 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 19 cts vs 20 cts
    Net 55 mln vs 54 mln
    Revs 2.9 billion vs 2.7 billion
    NOTE: 1987 3rd qtr and nine mths include pre-tax gains of
from antitrust settlement of 2,000,000 dlrs and 6,000,000 dlrs
respectively.
    3rd qtr 1986 includes pre-tax gain of 65 mln dlrs from sale
of MCI Airsignal subsidiary, and after-tax extraordinary loss
of 17 mln dlrs from early redemption of 9-1/2 pct subordinated
notes.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21325>
Shr 1.03 dlrs vs 88 cts
    Net 59.5 mln vs 51.9 mln
    Revs 641.7 mln vs 557.8 mln
    Avg shrs 57.4 mln vs 59.0 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 2.51 dlrs vs 2.14 dlrs
    Net 145.2 mln vs 126.4 mln
    Revs 1.71 billion vs 1.47 billion
    Avg shrs 57.8 mln vs 59.0 mln
   
    NOTE: 1986 figures restated to reflected change in
accounting methods related to pension expenses.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21330>
Shr 1.16 dlrs vs 1.19 dlrs
    Net 151.4 mln vs 152.4 mln
    Revs 1.31 billion vs 1.17 billion
    Avg shrs 130.0 mln vs 127.6 mln
    12 mths
    Shr 3.03 dlrs vs 2.85 dlrs
    Net 392.7 mln vs 353.0 mln
    Revs 4.32 billion vs 4.14 billion
    Avg shrs 129.8 mln vs 123.9 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21336>
Shr 47 cts vs 48 cts
    Net 505.0 mln vs 533.0 mln
    Revs 8.47 billion vs 8.43 billion
    Nine mths.
    Shr 1.42 dlrs vs 1.16 dlrs
    Net 1.55 billion vs 1.31 billlion
    Revs 25.0 billion vs 25.56 billion
    NOTE: Full name is American Telephone and Telegraph Co.
    NOTE: Prior quarter and nine mth net reduced by 25 mln
dlrs, or two cts per share, for estimated costs to reduce
workforce and consolidate various facilities. Prior qtr and
nine mths include pretax gain of 73 mln dlrs from damages paid
by Republic of Iran and pretax gain of 40 mln dlrs from change
in company's ownership in ING C. Olivetti SpA. After tax these
gains added 68 mln dlrs, or six cts per shr, to net income.
    Prior qtr and nine mth results were previously restated to
reflect a change in depreciation methods that reduced net
income by 175 mln dlrs, or 16 cts per share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21337>
Shr loss 13 cts vs loss 20 cts
    Net loss 1,343,266 vs loss 2,086,086
    Revs 82.3 mln vs 80.3 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 1.83 dlrs vs profit 1.24 dlrs
    Net loss 19.2 mln vs profit 13.4 mln
    Revs 388.1 mln vs 370.3 mln
    NOTE: 1987 year includes charge 15.0 mln dlrs pre-tax for
inventory valuation allowance.
    1987 year also includes charge 12.8 mln dlrs from
discontinued operations.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21346>
Shr 40 cts vs 54 cts
    Net 4,442,000 vs 6,375,000
    Sales 102.8 mln vs 102.5 mln
    Avg shrs 11.1 mln vs 11.6 mln
    NOTE: Share adjusted for August 1987 five-for-four split.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21350>
Shr 17 cts vs 37 cts
    Net 1,783,000 vs 4,028,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 52 cts vs 1.03 dlrs
    Net 5,587,000 vs 11.1 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21352>
Shr 30 cts vs 12 cts
    Net 2,191,000 vs 852,000
    Sales 106.6 mln vs 102.9 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 44 cts vs 40 cts
    Net 3,236,000 vs 2,919,000
    Sales 297.9 mln vs 297.9 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21354>
Shr 34 cts vs 62 cts
    Net 4,717,000 vs 8,277,000
    Revs 213.4 mln vs 158.7 mln
    Nine mths
    Oper shr 1.18 dlrs vs 1.54 dlrs
    Oper net 16.2 mln vs 17.8 mln
    Revs 517.2 mln vs 451.4 mln
    Avg shrs 13.7 mln vs 11.6 mln
    NOTE: 1986 nine mths net exclude204,000 dlr gain from
reversion of pension assets. 1987 net both periods includes
pretax charge 692,000 dlrs from amortization of goodwill.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21356>
Shr 90 cts vs 84 cts
    Net 185.5 mln vs 171.5 mln
    Revs 1.08 billion vs 1.07 billion
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.85 dlrs vs 1.90 dlrs
    Net 378.9 mln vs 389.5 mln
    Revs 2.67 billion vs 2.69 billion
    12 mths
    Shr 2.15 dlrs vs 1.87 dlrs
    Net 440.7 mln vs 382.0 mln
    Revs 3.47 billion vs 3.47 billion
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21359>
Shr primary 68 cts vs 34 cts
    Shr diluted 65 cts vs 34 cts
    Net 129.7 mln vs 52.9 mln
    Revs 2.22 billlion vs 2.42 billion
    Avg shrs primary 152.1 mln vs 147.1 mln
    Avg shrs diluted 199.8 mln vs 147.1 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr primary 1.89 dlrs vs 1.00 dlrs
    Shr diluted 1.84 dlrs vs 1.00 dlrs
    Net 361.1 mln vs 145.1 mln
   
    Revs 6.91 billion vs 4.90 billion
    Avg shrs primary 151.0 mln vs 146.4 mln
    Avg shrs diluted 198.7 mln vs 146.4 mln
    NOTE: Earnings per share for 1986 have been restated to
reflect 3-for-1 split effective July 8, 1987.
    Results for three and nine mths 1986 includes results from
July 1, 1986, of Sperry Corp, acquired on Sept 16, 1986, with
net income reflecting ownership in Sperry of about 51 pct for
the months of July and August, and 100 pct for the month of
Sept 1986.
   
    Revenue for 1986 periods reflects reclassification of
revenue of divested Sperry operations to other income with no
effect on net income.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21360>
Shr 24 cts vs 26 cts
    Net 959,000 vs 1,033,000
    Assets 273.6 mln vs 236.3 mln
    Deposits 183.6 mln vs 173.9 mln
    Loans 133.3 mln vs 104.9 mln
    NOTE: Full name of company is Woburn Five Cents Savings
Bank.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21362>
Shr 59 cts
    Qtly div eight cts vs eight cts prior
    Net 1,675,000 vs 1,302,000
    Assets 613.3 mln vs 603.5 mln
    Deposits 523.7 mln vs 517.8 mln
    Loans 469.2 mln vs 449.5 mln
    NOTE: 1986 per share figures not available because bank
converted to stock ownership Dec 18, 1986. Dividend payable Dec
11 to shareholders of record Nov 13. Full name of company is
First Federal Savings and Loan Association of Chattanooga.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21372>
Qtly div nine cts vs nine cts prior qtr
    Pay Nov 25
    Record Nov 13
    Note: Full name is International Research and Development
Corp
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21373>
Shr 57 cts vs 54 cts
    Net 39.3 mln vs 37.3 mln
    Sales 540.9 mln vs 488.5 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 2.30 dlrs vs 1.58 dlrs
    Net 158.8 mln vs 108.7 mln
    Sales 1.67 billion vs 1.60 billion
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21378>
Shr 1.30 dlrs vs 1.85 dlrs
    Net 100,000,000 vs 144,000,000
    Sales 1.90 billion vs 1.69 billion
    Nine mths
    Shr 5.01 dlrs vs 5.27 dlrs
    Net 392,000,000 vs 410,000,000
    Sales 5.79 billion vs 5.31 billion
    Note: 1986 figures include 63 mln dlrs, or 81 cts a share,
of net gains from facilities and businesses sold, shut down or
impaired, and other non-recurring income and expenses
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21385>
Shr 1.92 dlrs vs 58 cts
    Net 27.9 mln vs 9,480,000
    Sales 176.4 mln vs 137.9 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 3.87 dlrs vs 1.69 dlrs
    Net 56.7 mln vs 27.6 mln
    Sales 505.6 mln vs 438.5 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21386>
Shr loss 2.20 dlrs vs profit 24 cts
    Net loss 75.8 mln vs profit 11.6 mln
    Avg shrs primary 35.9 mln vs 36.5 mln
    Avg shrs diluted 39.3 mln vs 39.9 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr primary loss 7.04 dlrs vs profit 1.69 dlrs
    Shr diluted loss 7.04 dlrs vs profit 1.64 dlrs
    Avg shrs primary 35.9 mln vs 37.2 mln
    Avg shrs diluted 39.3 mln vs 46.6 mln
   
    Net loss 243.4 mln vs profit 72.2 mln
    Assets 33.4 billion vs 34.1 billion
    Loans 10.8 billion vs 12.0 billion
    Deposits 16.9 billion vs 17.0 billion
    NOTE: Net includes FSLIC sepcial assessment loss of
5,429,000 vs 5,193,000 in qtr 1987 vs 1986, and 16.3 mln vs
16.0 mln in nine mths 1987 vs 1986.
    Net includes gain from sale of mortgage-backed securities
and loans of 12.4 mln vs 93.4 mln, and 139.7 mln vs 264.0 mln
in nine mths 1987 vs 1986.
   
    Net includes gain from sale of investments of 64,000 in qtr
1987, and 157,000 vs 1,231,000 in nine mths 1987 vs 1986.
    Net includes provision for losses and discounts of 70.4 mln
vs 76.2 mln in qtr 1987 vs 1986, and 315.7 mln vs 161.7 mln in
nine mths 1987 vs 1986.
    Nine mths 1987 included write off of FSLIC secondary
reserve of 22.7 mln.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21388>
shr profit 1.18 dlrs vs profit 1.15 dlrs
    net profit 219.2 mln vs profit 211.5 mln
    nine mths
    shr loss 84 cts vs profit 3.72 dlrs
    net loss 140.8 mln vs profit 682.4 mln
    assets 79.69 billion vs 71.99 billion
    loans 33.93 billion vs 35.33 billion
    deposits 45.68 billion vs 41.22 billion
    NOTE: 1987 nine mths include previously reported 875 mln
dlr addition to loan loss reserve in 2nd qtr for ldc debts
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21403>
Shr 57 cts
    Net 6,889,000 vs 10.7 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.67 dlrs
    Net 20.1 mln vs 22.9 mln
    Assets 1.63 billion vs 1.47 billion
    Deposits 1.17 billion vs 1.19 billion
    Loans 1.25 billion vs 936.5 mln
    NOTE: 3rd qtr and nine mths 1986 per share figures not
available because bank converted to stock form Nov 28, 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21405>
Shr 15 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 1,352,000 vs 1,210,000
    Revs 5,953,000 vs 3,309,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 36 cts vs 27 cts
    Net 3,257,000 vs 2,416,000
    Revs 16.6 mln vs 9,705,000
    NOTE: If FASB adopts accounting changes, then 1987 3rd qtr
per share results will be restated to 22 cts, and 54 cts a
share for 1987 nine mths.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21406>
Shr profit three cts vs loss two cts
    Net profit 107,000 vs 87,000 loss
    Revs 6,769,000 vs 4,992,000
    Nine mths
    Shr profit 21 cts vs loss nine cts
    Net profit 778,000 vs loss 314,000
    Revs 21.9 mln vs 13.9 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21412>
Oper shr 59 cts vs 49 cts
    Oper net 54.7 mln vs 44.8 mln
    Sales 1.04 billion vs 921.4 mln
    Nine mths
    Oper shr 2.22 dlrs vs 1.62 dlrs
    Oper net 203.8 mln vs 150.4 mln
    Sales 3.14 billion vs 2.87 billion
    Avg shrs 91.6 mln vs 93.1 mln
    NOTE: 1986 share data restated to reflect 100 pct stock
dividend distributed June 12
   
    1987 operating net in both periods excludes additional gain
of 11.6 mln dlrs, or 13 cts a share, associated with 1985 sale
of Formica Brand Products Group business
    1987 nine month operating net includes pre-tax gain of 12.0
mln dlrs, equal to about 13 cts a share, from sale of
Jacqueline Cochran businesses
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21413>
Shr 71 cts vs 49 cts
    Net 64.3 mln vs 43.7 mln
    Revs 838.2 mln vs 742.6 mln
    Avg shrs 89.9 mln vs 89.9 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21414>
Shr 1.62 dlrs vs 1.49 dlrs
    Net 321.8 mln vs 297.9 mln
    Revs 2.59 billion vs 2.49 billion
    Avg shrs 198.8 mln vs 199.5 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 2.80 dlrs vs 4.48 dlrs
    Net 955.4 mln vs 895.2 mln
    Revs 7.70 billion vs 7.32 billion
    Avg shrs 199.0 mln vs 199.7 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21415>
Shr profit 14 cts vs loss 19 cts
    Net profit 22.5 mln vs loss 30.0 mln
    Revs 693.0 mln vs 597.9 mln
    Avg shrs 166.0 mln vs 154.2 mln
    NOTE: Prior year net includes five mln dlr tax credit.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21416>
Shr 98 cts vs 70 cts
    Net 12.3 mln vs 8,699,000
    Sales 284.7 mln vs 280.7 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 2.83 dlrs vs 2.23 dlrs
    Net 35.3 mln vs 27.6 mln
    Sales 824.6 mln vs 818.4 mln
    NOTE: Share adjusted for December 1986 three-for-two split.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21430>
Shr 13 cts vs 22 cts
    Net 5,452,000 vs 9,789,000
    Sales 155.7 mln vs 135.1 mln
    NOTE: Prior year net includes gain 6,556,000 dlrs from sale
of shares of Seagate Technology Corp &lt;SGAT.O>.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21431>
shr 1.99 dlrs vs 2.05 dlrs
    diluted shr 1.80 dlrs vs 1.75 dlrs
    net 50.0 mln vs 48.5 mln
    nine months
    shr 5.37 dlrs vs 5.69 dlrs
    diluted shr 4.87 dlrs vs 4.76 dlrs
    net 134.6 mln vs 129.6 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21435>
Shr 1.16 dlrs vs 1.09 dlrs
    Net 128.1 mln vs 118.3 mln
    Avg Shrs 108.8 mln vs 105.7 mln
    Nine Months
    Shr 40 cts vs 3.12 dlrs
    Net 53.2 mln vs 335.1 mln
    Avg Shrs 108.0 mln vs 105.2 mln
    Note: Prior-period data have been restated to include on a
pooling-of-interest basis the August 31, 1987, acquisition of
Rainier Bancorporation.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21436>
Shr 1.77 dlrs vs 60 cts
    Net 58.2 mln vs 19.4 mln
    Revs 377.4 mln vs 188.0 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 3.10 dlrs vs 1.51 dlrs
    Net 100.3 mln vs 50.6 mln
    Revs 1.11 billion vs 639.7 mln
    NOTE: 3rd qtr 1987 net includes about 3,000,000 dlrs
after-tax extraordinary gain on retirement of debt.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21437>
Shr 70 cts vs 54 cts
    Net 16.7 mln vs 12.5 mln
    Revs 343.6 mln vs 323.1 mln
    Avg shrs 23.9 mln vs 24.8 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.98 dlrs vs 1.23 dlrs
    Net 46.9 mln vs 27.8 mln
    Revs 960.5 mln vs 893.2 mln
    Avg shrs 24.2 mln vs 24.9 mln
   
    NOTE: 1986 figures reflect the adjustment for 3-for-2 split
in May 1987.
    Net for nine mths 1987 includes a cumulative effect of a
change in accounting for gain on pension assets reversion of
10.1 mln or 42 cts a shr.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21441>
Shr 42 cts vs 21 cts
    Net 19.1 mln vs 9,528,000
    Sales 101.2 mln vs 65.6 mln
    Avg shrs 46.0 mln vs 46.0 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.08 dlrs vs 69 cts
    Net 49.1 mln vs 32.7 mln
    Sales 280.0 mln vs 201.0 mln
    Avg shrs 45.6 mln vs 47.4 mln
    NOTE: Share adjusted for February 1987 two-for-one split.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21447>
Oper shr loss 82 cts vs profit 12 cts
    Oper net loss 4,134,000 vs profit 544,000
    Avg shrs 5,030,000 vs 3,927,000
    Nine mths
    Oper shr loss 80 cts vs profit 32 cts
    Oper net loss 3,615,000 vs profit 1,457,000
    Avg shrs 4,557,000 vs 3,927,000
    NOTE: 1986 net excludes tax loss carryforwards of 105,000
dlrs in quarter and 195,000 dlrs in nine mths.
    1986 quarter net includes 212,000 dlr tax credit.
    1987 net both periods includes 3,700,000 dlr addition to
loan loss reserves due mostly to one out-of-state real estate
transaction.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21448>
Shr 95 cts vs 36 cts
    Net 9,100,000 vs 3,300,000
    Revs 143.7 mln vs 132.4 mln
    Avg shrs 9,884,000 vs 9,780,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 2.77 dlrs vs 1.49 dlrs
    Net 26,600,000 vs 19,000,000
    Revs 401.8 mln vs 385.2 mln
    Avg shrs 9,871,000 vs 12,565,000
    NOTE: 1986 earnings include a loss from discontinued
operations of 1,000,000 dlrs, or 10 cts a share in the quarter
and a gain of 2,500,000 dlrs, or 19 cts a share for the nine
months
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21451>
Shr 38 cts vs 29 cts
    Net 21.3 mln vs 15.8 mln
    Revs 102.6 mln vs 66.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21453>
Shr 65 cts vs 10 cts
    Net 55,960,000 vs 8,785,000
    Revs 588.2 mln vs 596.1 mln
    Avg shrs 85,710,000 vs 87,987,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.24 dlrs vs 44 cts
    Net 106,738,000 vs 39,055,000
    Revs 1.98 billion vs 2.24 billion
    Avg shrs 86,320,000 vs 88,007,000
    NOTE: 1986 data restated for adoption of new accounting
standard relating to pensions
    1987 nine month earnings include 331 mln dlr after-tax
writeoff in the 4th Qtr of 1985 of a portion of the assets of
the company's Midland nuclear project
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21455>
Qtr ends Sept 25
    Shr 75 cts vs 64 cts
    Net 2,794,000 vs 2,363,000
    Revs 157.8 mln vs 138.4 mln
    NOTE: 1986 qtr figures exclude effect of 1986 tax reform
act which retroactively reduced earnings from 64 cts to 56 cts
per shr.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21460>
Shr profit 10 cts vs profit eight cts
    Net profit 477,853 vs profit 348,384
    Sales 17.7 mln vs 17.3 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr loss 35 cts vs profit 45 cts
    Net loss 1,639,216 vs profit 2,305,700
    Sales 56.2 mln vs 57.1 mln
    Avg shrs 4,698,501 vs 5,075,717
    NOTE: Earnings in the 2nd Qtr of 1987 were reduced by
3,262,000 dlrs, or 69 cts a share from a charge reflecting
elimination or transfer of certain product lines and operations
at the company's Racine, Wis. foundry
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21474>
Shr 30 cts vs 17 cts
    Shr diluted 30 cts vs 17 cts
    Net 3,454,000 vs 1,546,000
    Sales 84.0 mln vs 59.2 mln
    Avg shrs 11.6 mln vs 8,917,000
    Avg shrs diluted 11.7 mln vs 11.2 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 91 cts vs 72 cts
    Shr diluted 90 cts vs 65 cts
    Net 10.5 mln vs 5,959,000
    Sales 236.7 mln vs 168.9 mln
    Avg shrs 11.5 mln vs 8,227,000
    Avg shrs diluted 11.6 mln vs 11.2 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21479>
Shr 13 cts vs 12 cts
    Net 1,612,000 vs 1,571,000
    Revs 28.8 mln vs 25.0 mln
    Avg shrs 12.8 mln vs 13.3 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21480>
Shr 18 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 5,436,000 vs 3,888,000
    Sales 43.9 mln vs 31.5 mln
    Avg shrs 30,145,000 vs 28,976,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 51 cts vs 38 cts
    Net 15,320,000 vs 11,098,000
    Sales 123.6 mln vs 91.2 mln
    Avg shrs 30,157,000 vs 29,046,000
    NOTE: Earnings adjusted for three-for-two stock split paid
June 20, 1986
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21488>
Shr loss nine cts vs loss 12 cts
    Net loss 649,000 vs loss 850,000
    Revs 5,059,000 vs 4,084,000
    Avg shrs 7,041,000 vs 6,900,000
    NOTE: Current year net includes charge 152,000 dlrs from
amortization of previously capitalized software costs.
Capitalized product development costs 276,000 dlrs vs 640,000
dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21489>
Shr 36 cts vs 36 cts
    Shr diluted 34 cts vs 31 cts
    Net 1,679,000 vs 1,418,000
    Sales 147.2 mln vs 121.5 mln
    Avg shrs 4,608,000 vs 3,963,000
    Avg shrs diluted 5,585,000 vs 5,463,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.04 dlrs vs 86 cts
    Shr diluted 93 cts vs 77 cts
    Net 4,387,000 vs 3,393,000
    Sales 420.3 mln vs 338.7 mln
    Avg shrs 4,233,000 vs 3,948,000
    Avg shrs diluted 5,564,000 vs 5,468,000   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21490>
Shr 52 cts vs 43 cts
    Net 17.7 mln vs 14.2 mln
    Sales 413.1 mln vs 361.6 mln
    Avg shrs 34.3 mln vs 30.3 mln
    Nine mths
    Oper shr 1.58 dlrs vs 66 cts
    Oper net 53.9 mln vs 26.7 mln
    Sales 1.22 billion vs 1.08 billion
    Avg shrs 33.5 mln vs 35.2 mln
    NOTE: 1986 nine mths net includes 20.6 mln dlr provision
for restructuring but excludes 85.0 mln dlr gain on sale of
discontinued glass business and 1,330,000 dlr gain from
discontinued operations.
    Quarter orders 350.2 mln dlrs vs 296.7 mln dlrs.  Backlog
507.6 mln dlrs vs 444.4 mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21551>
Nine months ended August 31
    Group shr 118.66 yen vs 100.89 yen
    Group shr per ADS 237.32 vs 201.78
    Net 14.28 billion vs 12.14 billion
    Pretax 34.48 billion vs 29.45 billion
    Sales 288.08 billion vs 278.50 billion
    Company's full name is TDK Corp &lt;TDK.T>.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21553>
Third quarter ended August 31
    Group shr 34.92 yen vs 34.74
    Group shr per ADS 69.84 vs 69.48
    Net 4.20 billion vs 4.18 billion
    Pretax 10.30 billion vs 9.73 billion
    Sales 95.96 billion vs 92.59 billion
    Company's full name is TDK Corp &lt;TDK.T>
 REUTER
</BODY>
