<BODY DOCID=15924>
Scallop Petroleum Corp, a subsidiary of
Royal Dutch/Shell group, said it will raise contract prices for
heavy fuel 50 cts to one dlr a barrel, effective tomorrow.
    The increase brings the price for 0.5 pct sulphur fuel to
21.50 dlrs, up 50 cts, 0.7 pct sulphur to 21 dlrs, up 75 cts,
0.7 pct sulphur to 21 dlrs, up 75 cts, one pct sulphur to 20.25
dlrs, up 75 cts, two pct sulphur to 19.75 dlrs, up one dlr, 2.2
pct sulphur to 19.50 dlrs, up one dlr, 2.8 pct sulphur 19 dlrs,
up one dlr, the company said.
    Price for 0.3 pct sulphur was unchanged at 22.25 dlrs, it
said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16314>
Global Petroleum corp said today it
lowered the posted cargo prices for number six fuel in the new
york harbor 45 to 75 cts a barrel, effective today.
    The decrease brings the prices for one pct sulphur to 20.75
dlrs, down 45 cts, two pct sulphur 20.10 dlrs, down 75 cts, 2.2
pct sulphur 19.75 dlrs, down 75 cts and 2.5 pct sulphur 19.50
dlrs, down 75 cts.
    Prices for 0.3 pct and 0.5 pct sulphur remained unchanged
at 22.50 and 21.85 dlrs, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17441>
Singapore oil companies can set their
own petrol and diesel prices at the pump from today subject to
ceilings determined by their individual wholesale prices, The
Ministry of Trade and Industry said.
    The ministry previously revised pump prices and announced
the changes for the oil companies.
    Lead content of petrol is further cut to 0.15 gm/litre from
0.4 gm from today. Pump prices of the lower lead petrol grades
are expected to be announced soon by the oil companies which
have said wholesale prices are between 1.3 cents/litre to 3.2
cents higher than previous grades.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17473>
Bangladesh will import 60,000 tons of high
speed diesel oil from the Soviet Union under a barter agreement
signed here last week, Bangladesh petroleum Corporation
officials said.
    The oil worth about 10 mln U.S. Dlrs will be shipped by
December this year, they added but did not say what Bangladesh
would sell in return to the Soviet Union.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18228>
Two people were missing and six
injured after tanks containing thousands of cubic metres of
fuel burst into flames today at a Shell storage unit in Lyon,
rescue workers said.
    The blaze broke out with an explosion around 1330 local
time (1130 GMT). Shell is a subsidiary of the Royal Dutch/Shell
Group &lt;RD>.
    Some 200 firemen fought the flames at the gasoline storage
unit at Edouard Herriot riverside port complex and appeared to
have the blaze under control as night fell. The entire southern
section of Lyon was cordoned off.
    The fire destroyed five giant tanks and threatened four
others, the Shell spokesman said. He said that the company
estimated between six and seven thousand cubic metres of
domestic fuel oil, gasoline and additives had been burned.
    The total capacity of the burning tanks was over 10,000
cubic metres, but some had been empty when an explosion started
today's fire, he added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18480>
Singapore Petroleum Co Pte Ltd said it
will raise posted prices for its products from June 19, by one
cent/gallon for lpg, naphtha and gasoline, two cents for gas
oil and by 60 cents/barrel for marine diesel oil.
    New prices are - lpg 36.0 cents/gallon, chemical naphtha
47, unleaded reformate 65.8, 0.4 gm lead 97 octane 61.3, 95
octane 59.3, 92 octane 55.5, 85 octane 49.5, 0.125 gm lead 97
octane 64.3, 92 octane 58.5, 85 octane 52.5, jet kerosene 51.5,
kerosene 50.5, premium kerosene 54.5, dual purpose kerosene
52.5, 0.5 pct sulphur gas oil 52.0, one pct sulphur 51.0 and
marine diesel oil 21.20 dlrs/barrel.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18858>
The Tanzanian government, in its
second annual budget since embarking on an economic recovery
program inspired by the International Monetary Fund, announced
increases in fuel prices and sales tax and higher levies on
government services.
    Finance Minister Cleopa Msuya said the government expected
to spend 77.33 billion shillings in the financial year 1987/8,
39 pct more than this year's estimate. Revenue would provide
48.84 billion shillings, leaving a deficit of 28.49 billion to
be financed through domestic and foreign loans.
    This year's budget initially projected a deficit of only
3.35 billion shillings but in mid-year the government had to
impose new taxes to keep the deficit roughly on target. No
figure for the final deficit was avaialble.
    The budget gave civil servants a 20 pct pay rise with
effect from July 1, to compensate for inflation of more than 30
pct.
    Msuya said regular petrol would go up 52 pct, with similar
increases in the cost of premium and kerosene. Diesel would
rise by 75 pct.
    The higher levies affect official transactions such as road
tolls, vehicle transfers and various licence fees, he added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18902>
The Tanzanian government, in its
second annual budget since embarking on an economic recovery
program inspired by the International Monetary Fund, announced
increases in fuel prices and sales tax and higher levies on
government services.
    Finance Minister Cleopa Msuya said regular petrol would go
up 52 pct, with similar increases in the cost of premium and
kerosene. Diesel would rise by 75 pct.
    Msuya said the government expected to spend 77.33 billion
shillings in the financial year 1987/8, 39 pct more than this
year's estimate. Revenue would provide 48.84 billion shillings,
leaving a deficit of 28.49 billion to be financed through
domestic and foreign loans.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19497>
OPEC has shown itself to be in control
of the world oil situation with its speed in hammering out a
pact to limit crude oil output to 16.6 mln barrels per day
(bpd) for the rest of 1987, oil traders said.
    They said market respect for the cartel has increased since
it announced Saturday that it would cut fourth quarter output
to 16.6 mln bpd from the 18.3 mln agreed in December.
    "There are light oversupplies now, but OPEC ... Has ensured
there will be no oversupplies in the fourth quarter, and is in
effect putting pressure on end-users," a European crude oil
trader said.
    In Tokyo, one oil analyst said, "There's no reason to expect
a weak market from now on."
    A Japanese oil trader, also based in Tokyo, said, "We
thought OPEC would have difficulty agreeing on fourth quarter
production so the market will react very bullishly."
    Traders in Singapore said that while there has been only a
slight increase so far in spot quotes for Dubai, a benchmark
crude, they expect price increases over the next few days.
    August Dubai was discussed in cautious early activity at
around 17.35 dlrs, above Friday's 17.15-20 range, but still
below the government selling price (GSP) of 17.42.
    Even prices of light Mideast grades, such as Qatar and Abu
Dhabi crudes, are expected to improve from recent weak
positions, 15 to 20 cents below their GSP's. Singapore traders
said sellers might now aim for GSP's at least.
    They said that after initial jumps, they expect prices to
stabilise and hover around GSPs for the next few months.
    They said the Japanese oil market would be most affected
and Japanese end-users would need to rebuild stocks for winter
requirements before October.
    Prices are most likely to rise in the fourth quarter on
European and U.S. Stockbuilding for winter, they added.
    "There's no doubt consumption will be higher than production
by the fourth quarter and stocks are not that high," said an
international trader in Tokyo. Another Tokyo trader was less
bullish, "For sure there will be some shortage but it depends on
how much they (OPEC members) cheat."
    A Singapore trade source said, "There is enough cheating and
leakage in the OPEC sales system to convince traders there is
no need to worry about shortages."
    Other traders said the questionable Iraqi production level,
after Iraq's rejection of its assigned quota, was a bearish
factor to be considered.
    Traders also said end-users now would buy as much as
possible on term contracts and buy spot only when the market
cooled from its initial reaction to the OPEC agreement.
    Spot product prices in Singapore were little changed in
thin early discussions, with naphtha and middle distillates
quiet on minimal buying interest.
    Fuel oil products were steady to firm on light demand and
tight prompt supplies, dealers said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20406>
Global Petroleum Corp said it had raised
the contract prices for heavy fuel oil from 25 cts to one dlr
per barrel, effective today.
    The company said 0.3 pct fuel oil is up one dlr a barrel to
22.25 dlrs a barrel. They said 0.5 pct fuel oil is up by 50 cts
to 21.95 dlrs a barrel.
    Global raised one pct fuel oil by 35 cts to 20.25 dlrs a
barrel. The company raised 2.2 pct fuel by 25 cts to 19.50 dlrs
a barrel. Global raised 2.5 pct fuel oil by 45 cts to 19.45
dlrs a barrel.
 Reuter
</BODY>
