<BODY DOCID=14863>
Finland's national oil company Neste Oy
&lt;NEOY.HE> said in a statement it had agreed with Canadian firms
to study the feasibility of building a plant in Edmonton,
Canada, to produce a replacement for lead in petrol.
    The prospective plant would cost an estimated 270 mln
Canadian dlrs and would produce methyl tertiary butyl ether
(MTBE) from raw materials available locally, it said.
    The partners in the study are Neste Oy, Celanese Canada
Inc, Hoechst Celanese Corporation and Trade Mountain Pipe Line
Company Ltd, of Vancouver, B.C.
    The Edmonton site was suitable because of the raw materials
availability, the proximity to pipeline transportation and the
important capital and operating advantages gained by locating
on an existing Celanese Canada site, the statement said.
    The partners would look into the feasibility of a plant
producing 500,000 tonnes per annum of MTBE, an octane enhancer
that can replace tetra ethyl lead.
    Most of the MTBE would be targeted for the United States
where lead levels in gasoline are being lowered because of
health concerns, the statement added.
    Canadian lead limits are currently 11 times as high as the
U.S. Limit but lead is scheduled for virtual elimination in
Canada by 1993, which should create a Canadian demand for MTBE,
it said.
    Finland's Neste Oy, whose turnover last year was over five
billion dlrs, has extensive experience with MTBE. It has a
major investment in an MTBE plant in Saudi Arabia.
    The Edmonton, Alberta plant would be scheduled to go on
stream in late 1989, the statement said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15344>
Distillate fuel stocks held in
primary storage were unchanged in the week ended April three at
106.9 mln barrels, the Energy Information Administration (EIA)
said.
    In its weekly petroleum status report, the Department of
Energy agency said gasoline stocks were off 200,000 barrels in
the week to 248.1 mln barrels and refinery crude oil stocks
rose 6.3 mln barrels to 335.8 mln.
    The EIA said residual fuel stocks fell 100,000 barrels to
38.1 mln barrels and crude oil stocks in the Strategic
Petroleum Reserve (SPR) rose 1.1 mln barrels to 520.0 mln.
    The total of all crude, refined product and SPR stocks rose
9.4 mln barrels to 1,561.1, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15351>
U.S. oil demand as measured by
products supplied fell 2.6 pct in the four weeks ended April
three to 15.73 mln barrels per day (bpd) from 16.16 mln in the
same period a year ago, the Energy Information Administration
(EIA) said.
    In its weekly petroleum status report, the Energy
Department agency said distillate demand was off 7.9 pct in the
period to 2.90 mln bpd from 3.15 mln a year earlier.
    Gasoline demand averaged 6.76 mln bpd, off 3.1 pct from
6.98 mln last year, while residual fuel demand was 1.15 mln
bpd, off 16.9 pct from 1.39 mln, the EIA said.
    So far this year, distillate demand fell 2.3 pct to 3.20
mln bpd from 3.28 mln in 1986, gasoline demand was 6.63 mln
bpd, off 0.3 pct from 6.65 mln, and residual fuel demand fell
4.9 pct to 1.35 mln bpd from 1.42 mln, the EIA said.
    Year-to-date domestic crude output was estimated at 8.40
mln bpd, off 7.6 pct from 9.09 mln a year ago, while gross
crude imports averaged 3.92 mln bpd, up 27.1 pct from 3.08 mln,
it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16581>
Exxon Co U.S.A. said it is expanding
marketing of its mid-grade unleaded gasoline along the U.S.
East Coast.
    The Exxon Corp subsidiary said the changeover to the
89-octane unleaded fuel will begin late this month and early
next in major markets in Virginia, Maryland, Florida, and the
District of Columbia. The product was introduced in New York,
New Jersey, Delaware, Connecticut, Rhode Island, Massachusetts,
New Hampshire and the Philadelphia area late last year.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17441>
Singapore oil companies can set their
own petrol and diesel prices at the pump from today subject to
ceilings determined by their individual wholesale prices, The
Ministry of Trade and Industry said.
    The ministry previously revised pump prices and announced
the changes for the oil companies.
    Lead content of petrol is further cut to 0.15 gm/litre from
0.4 gm from today. Pump prices of the lower lead petrol grades
are expected to be announced soon by the oil companies which
have said wholesale prices are between 1.3 cents/litre to 3.2
cents higher than previous grades.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17446>
Singapore Petroleum Co Pte Ltd will
revise pump prices of petrol from June 2, an official said.
    Grade 97 octane with 0.15 gm/lead will be 96.8 cents/litre
against 94 cents previously for 0.4 gm lead. Grade 92 octane
will be 90.6 cents against 87.6 previously.
    SPC's price revision follows the Ministry of Trade and
Industry's move to liberalise petrol pricing by allowing oil
companies to set their own pump prices.
    New grades of petrol with lower lead content are sold in
Singapore from today in line with the Ministry of Environment's
regulations.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17463>
Mobil Oil Singapore Pte Lte will raise
pump prices of petrol from June 2, a spokeswoman said.
    Grade 97 octane with 0.15 gm lead will be 96.8 cents/litre
against 94 cents previously for 0.4 gm lead. Grade 92 octane
will be 90.2 cents against 87.6 previously.
    SPC earlier announced its pump prices of 96.8 cents and
90.6 cents for 97 and 92 octane, respectively, for 0.15 gm lead
petrol which is being sold in Singapore from today in line with
the Ministry of Environment's regulations.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17472>
Shell Eastern Pte Ltd will revise pump
prices of petrol from 2300 hours local while Caltex Asia Ltd
and BP Singapore Pte Ltd will revise theirs at midnight
tonight, company officials said.
    Caltex and Shell will set prices of 0.15 gm lead at 96.8
cents/litre for 97 octane and 90.2 cents for 92 octane. BP will
set prices at 96.8 cents/litre and 90.6 cents, respectively.
Previous industry pump prices for 0.4 gm lead were 94 cents for
97 octane and 87.6 cents for 92 octane.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17878>
Esso Singapore Pte Ltd said it raised
pump prices of petrol from today.
    New prices for 0.15 gm lead grades are 97.0 cents/litre for
97 octane and 90.8 cents for 95 octane.
    Other Singapore oil companies announced yesterday that they
would revise their pump prices effective today.
    Shell Eastern Petroleum Pte Ltd, Mobil Oil Singapore Pte
Ltd, Caltex Asia Ltd, Singapore Petroleum Co Pte Ltd and BP
Singapore Pte Ltd are pricing 97 octane at 96.8 cents. Shell,
Mobil and Caltex are pricing 92 octane at 90.2 cents, and SPC
and BP at 90.6 cents.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18146>
U.S. analysts expect the American
Petroleum Institute's weekly report on oil inventories to show
a slight build in U.S. stocks of gasoline for the week ended
May 29, oil traders and analysts said.
    While the consensus is for an increase, a few would not
rule out the possibility of an decline. Traders said that
barring any surprises in tonight's report, they expect the
report to be neutral to bearish for oil prices.
    Heating oil stocks are also likely to build and runs to be
steady to slightly higher, which could add pressure on oil
prices, the analysts said.
    Crude oil was seen likely to build assuming imports
continue at relatively high levels.
    Analysts expect gasoline stocks to rise 500,000 to two mln
barrels above the 234 mln reported for May 22.
    Peter Beutel, oil analyst with Elders Futures inc, who
looks for a build said, "We have had five weeks of gasoline
demand at 7.3 mln bpd or more and it is likely to taper off to
between 6.7-7.0 mln bpd, which should make stocks build. Demand
would have to stay above 7.0 mln bpd to have a draw," he added.
    Rising demand is why oil traders and analysts expect a draw
in stocks of about of about one mln barrels.
   
    The U.S. Energy Information Administration in its latest
report for the four weeks ending may 22 said that gasoline
demand was up 4.4 pct to 7.3 mln bpd from the previous year.
    But analysts said hopes of reduced stocks is likely to
founder on increased runs in refineries, which could be up 0.3
pct above May 22's 81.2 pct capacity operated.
    Such an increase would raise runs about 100,000 bpd and add
to U.S. stocks.
    But some analysts said that refiners may have held refinery
runs.
    Heating oil stocks were also expected to build between
700,000 barrels and one mln from the 96 mln barrel level
reported last week, but a rise in distillate stocks was
discounted as having a market impact at this time.
    "A build is seasonal now and not out of line with last year,"
one futures analyst said.
    Analysts said they also expect crude oil stocks to build
between 1.5 mln barrels and three mln from the 325 mln barrels
reported by API for the week of may 22.
    The consensus appears for about two mln barrels to be added
to the nation's inventory.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18367>
Esso Singapore Pte Ltd will lower the
pump price of its premium 97 octane petrol price to 96.8
cents/litre from 97 cents effective midnight tonight, a
spokeswoman said.
    The new price is similar to other oil companies' price for
the same grade.
    Esso's price for 95 octane remains unchanged at 90.8 cents.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18480>
Singapore Petroleum Co Pte Ltd said it
will raise posted prices for its products from June 19, by one
cent/gallon for lpg, naphtha and gasoline, two cents for gas
oil and by 60 cents/barrel for marine diesel oil.
    New prices are - lpg 36.0 cents/gallon, chemical naphtha
47, unleaded reformate 65.8, 0.4 gm lead 97 octane 61.3, 95
octane 59.3, 92 octane 55.5, 85 octane 49.5, 0.125 gm lead 97
octane 64.3, 92 octane 58.5, 85 octane 52.5, jet kerosene 51.5,
kerosene 50.5, premium kerosene 54.5, dual purpose kerosene
52.5, 0.5 pct sulphur gas oil 52.0, one pct sulphur 51.0 and
marine diesel oil 21.20 dlrs/barrel.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19083>
Japanese oil companies are starting
campaigns to market 100 octane gasoline to meet growing
domestic demand for higher quality motor fuel, oil sources
said.
    Ten companies plan to offer the unleaded gasoline this
summer, starting with &lt;Idemitsu Kosan Co Ltd> on June 20.
    Showa Shell Sekiyu KK &lt;SHOL.T> introduced its Formula Shell
98 octane gasoline to the Japanese market in January this year.
    Formula Shell has achieved strong sales in Japan despite a
higher price than regular octane gasoline, which has prompted
other oil firms to offer a rival product, the sources said.
    "We have received a good response from consumers of Formula
Shell in terms of a smoother ride and effective fuel
consumption," Showa Shell said.
    Shell's product sells for 145 yen per litre, 15 yen higher
than regular gasoline, and has already achieved a 38 pct share
of Japan's high octane gasoline market, it said.
    High octane gasoline accounts for 25 pct of Shell's total
gasoline sales in Japan, it added.
    Idemitsu said it hopes to raise high octane sales to 20 pct
of its total gasoline sales from about seven pct, immediately
after the launch of its Idemitsu 100.
    Nippon Oil Co Ltd &lt;NPOL.T> said it will launch its 100
octane gasoline on July 1, aiming for an increase in high
octane sales to 20 pct from six pct of its total gasoline
sales.
    The rush to compete for high octane gasoline market share
has been spurred by expectations that the government will lift
gasoline production quotas and restrictions on gasoline station
construction in the next two to three years.
    "Major oil companies are trying to boost their gasoline
sales network ahead of the proposed lifting of gasoline
production quotas," an official at a major oil company said.
    An advisory panel to the Ministry of International Trade
and Industry (MITI) recommended this week that the government
press ahead with deregulation of the oil industry, including
the lifting of gasoline production quotas, to help oil
companies increase their international competitiveness.
    Japan's three biggest gasoline marketers, Nippon Oil,
Idemitsu and Showa Shell, suffered supply shortages under the
production quota guideline in fiscal 1986, ended last March.
    Domestic gasoline demand during the year was up 2.5 pct
from the previous year, according to a MITI report.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19664>
Exxon Co U.S.A. said it is extending
marketing of its mid-grade unleaded gasoline, Exxon Plus, into
the Houston and Dallas/Fort Worth metropolitan areas beginning
early next month.
    Exxon Corp's domestic subsidiary is already marketing the
89-octane unleaded gasoline along much of the East Coast.
    As it introduces the third unleaded grade, Exxon noted, it
no longer offers a leaded gasoline in the market, except in
some rural areas where leaded gaosline will be made available
to distributors who have a substantial need for the product to
serve customers whose equipment was designed for leaded fuel.
 Reuter
</BODY>
