<BODY DOCID=14891>
Kuwait's oil-reliant and debt-ridden
economy has started to pull out of a nosedive but oil prices
will determine the pace of recovery, bankers and economists
say.
    Crucial will be the ability of the 13-member OPEC to hold
oil prices around a new benchmark of 18 dlrs a barrel in the
northern hemisphere summer when demand usually slackens.
    Bankers estimate the economy, measured in terms of gross
domestic product (gdp), shrank 19 pct in real terms last year
after contracting 8.1 pct the year before.
    This was after taking into account inflation in consumer
prices of 1.5 pct in 1985, slowing to 1.0 pct in 1986.
    Factors depressing economic activity include the
6-1/2-year-old Iran-Iraq war on Kuwait's doorstep, which
threatens the emirate's vital oil export lifeline through the
Gulf and has sapped business confidence.
    But sentiment received a much-needed boost in September
when, after a series of piecemeal steps to combat a debt crisis
caused by the 1982 crash of local stock market, a comprehensive
new debt settlement program was introduced.
    The share crash, result of a speculative spree in forward
trading, left 95 billion dlrs of post-dated cheques in default.
    The cheques were also used as collateral for consumer
spending, thus generating an informal credit system.
    Much of the debt has been watered down but big sums are
still owed by individuals and companies.
    There was some 4.4 billion dinars (about 15.7 billion dlrs)
in outstanding bank credit at the end of 1986, of which
one-quarter to one-third was estimated by bankers to rank as
bad or doubtful debt. But the government has repeatedly said it
will not allow any banks to go under.
    The new debt settlement scheme entails a rescheduling of
problem credit over 10 to 15 years, depending on whether
debtors have regular cash flows or not.
    Banks' shareholders and depositors will have their rights
guaranteed by the government -- an edict of vital significance
in a country of only 1.7 mln people where the financial sector
is the biggest after oil.
    Kuwait is better placed than any other OPEC country to ride
out the oil glut, bankers and economists say.
    Kuwait has an OPEC quota of 948,000 barrels per day (bpd)
compared with production capacity of 4.0 mln bpd mentioned last
year by Oil Minister Sheikh Ali al-Khalifa al-Sabah.
    But strategic diversification into downstream operations in
Europe several years ago and a hefty refining investment at
home gives it guaranteed markets abroad and enables it to sell
over one-half of its output as high-grade refined oil products.
    Oil industry sources say Kuwait is able to get an average
2.00 dlrs a barrel more by selling oil in the form of processed
product such as gas oil, kerosene and naphtha, rather than as
crude.
    Bankers say the rebound in oil prices is the major reason
for cautious optimism. Other reasons are low domestic
inflation, a bottoming out of the fall in imports in recent
years and signs government spending on productive sectors will
remain steady.
    External accounts are in good shape, with an estimated 1.8
billion dinar current account surplus in 1986, 16 pct below
that for 1985, but still an achievement in the recession-hit
Gulf.
    Kuwait's petrodollar reserves in mid-1986 were put
officially at over 80 billion dlrs, earning investment income
of the equivalent of about 3.65 billion dlrs a year.
    But for the first time since the end of the oil boom, these
reserves may not be enough to prevent a "real" budget deficit for
the 1986/87 fiscal year ending June 30, bankers say.
    In a budget portrayed by bankers as mildly contractionary,
revenues for 1986/87 were cut 38.6 pct and spending 11 pct,
doubling the nominal deficit to 1.33 billion dinars.
    This left out income from state reserves, usually excluded
in official budget accounting, which are forecast by bankers at
up to 1.0 billion dinars in 1986/87, resulting in some
shortfall.
    Bankers say it is too early to venture a forecast for
economic growth this year or next.
    "It depends on oil prices," one said. "This summer is
important."
    Cabinet Affairs Minister Rashid al-Rashid said last Sunday
the cabinet has ratified recommendations to rationalise state
spending in favour of productive sectors and reactivate the
economy.
    He gave no details but bankers say these are expected to be
spelled out in the 1987/88 budget, possibly in June.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15551>
The global economy is expected to
weaken this year, adding new worries to an already serious
poverty outlook, economic analysts said.
    For finance ministers and central bankers attending this
week's semi-annual meetings of the International Monetary Fund
and World Bank, the new figures released by the IMF add an
additional concern.
    The Fund estimated world output would only grow by 2.7 pct
this year, versus 2.9 pct last year, and 3.1 pct in 1985.
    In the industrial countries, Gross National Product, a
measure of all goods and services, was expected to decline to
2.3 pct this year, compared with 2.4 pct in 1986, the IMF said.
    For the developing countries, the Gross Domestic Product,
another measure of economic growth, was expected to fall to 3.0
pct from 3.5 pct last year.
    The new figures are considered a major disappointment to
the poorest countries. They had hoped that new vitality in the
industrial countries brought on by a sharp decline in oil
prices would assist their economic recovery and help them cope
with growing mounds of debt.
    IMF officials, discussing their outlook, said they believed
the industrial country economies would move up to an annual
growth rate of three pct by the end of the decade.
    Economic analysts and the IMF have been saying for some
time that the ability to keep the debt crisis from turning into
an economic rout rests on sustained economic growth.
    Since the debtor countries must look to the wealthier
states for markets for their products as well as financial
assistance, economic weakness in the developed nations' 
economies poses fundamental worries.
    Debtor countries, including the very poorest states, have
only a few avenues open to them for earning foreign exchange,
including the key one of exports.
    The U.S. economy, which is in its fifth year of expansion,
has served as a mainstay for developing country exports, but it
too is seen as being rather feeble this year, growing by only
2.3 pct, according to the IMF.
    For this reason and because of a high trade deficit, the
United States has been pressuring Japan and West Germany to
ignite their economies but with little apparent success.
    The IMF study also examines the course of the dollar and
the curious lack of impact it has had on the U.S. trade
deficit.
    Reagan administration officials have been saying that the
impact is now beginning to show up, although it has been much
slower than expected.
    The IMF observed in its World Economic Outlook that "it has
to be recognized that exchange rate adjustments take time to
work through to payments flows -- probably at least three years
to get a resonably complete effect."
    The report added, however, "the adjustments may take even
more time on this occasion."
REUTER^M
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16108>
The government must announce harsh cuts
in spending in its May 14 economic statement if it is to give
an adequate response to Australia's economic problems, the ANZ
Banking Group Ltd &lt;ANZA.S> said.
    Cuts of two billion dlrs would be insufficient against the
backdrop of a 12 billion dlr government deficit and a 14
billion dlr current account deficit, it said in its monthly
Business Indicators publication.
    "For the past two years, the government has struggled with
an economic reality that demands measures beyond those which it
sees as politically practicable," it said.
    The political climate meant there would be a continued
over-reliance on monetary policy to hold the exchange rate and
maintain confidence in economic management, ANZ said.
    "The cost of this approach is that the much-needed revival
of business investment will be further postponed," it said.
    The economy was now on a modest growth upswing boosted by
export and import-replacement industries which had created a
false suggestion that the worst adjustments to the balance of
payments crisis were past. "Unfortunately, successful adjustment
to Australia's deep-seated economic problems remains a
long-term process," it said.
    In its economic forecasts, ANZ said it expected moderate
overall economic growth with gross domestic product (GDP)
rising 2.7 pct this year and 2.4 pct in 1988.
    The current account deficit would narrow to five pct of GDP
this year and 4.3 pct in 1988 and net foreign debt would grow
strongly from 81 billion at the end of 1986 to 97.2 billion at
end-1987 and 110.3 billion a year later.
    Inflation would fall to 8.5 pct in 1987 and 7.5 pct in 1988
from 8.9 pct in 1986 and further falls in real wages were
expected, ANZ said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16158>
The five leading West German economic
research institutes have failed to agree about how strongly the
domestic economy will expand this year but revised down
forecasts contained in a report published six months ago.
    The three research groups of Kiel, Hamburg and Essen
predicted in the institutes' joint spring report that gross
national product (GNP) would rise by two pct in 1987, compared
with 2.4 pct in 1986. The five institutes had jointly forecast
three pct 1987 growth in October last year.
    Taking a dissenting view, the DIW institute of West Berlin
and Munich's Ifo institute predicted only one pct 1987 growth.
    The joint report said that the estimates of economic
development made by the DIW and Ifo were "markedly less
favourable" than those of the other three.
    The DIW and Ifo forecast the economy would pick up after a
slow start to the year. "In the second half of 1987 there will,
however, only be a weak upward movement," they said.
    The two institutes said external economic factors which
were currently damaging exports and pushing up imports would
dominate the economic environment throughout the year. They saw
exports falling by a real 2-1/2 pct in 1987 and predicted no
marked improvement in the course of the year.
    The other three institutes, however, wrote: "The decline in
demand and production (seen) in the winter months does not
indicate the beginning of a cyclical downswing."
    They said the sharp rise of the mark had led to corporate
uncertainty and companies had not carried out investment plans.
But they expected that many investments had not been cancelled
but only put off. "It can be presumed that the braking actions
(on the economy) will diminish markedly this year."
    They added: "The domestic prerequisites for a continuation
of the economic uptrend are still favourable."
    These three institutes said diminishing external burdens
combined with favourable domestic conditions meant an upturn in
demand and production could be expected by the spring.
    However, this projection was clouded by risks including the
further development of the mark against the dollar.
    Contrary to the DIW and Ifo, the three institutes said that
while exports would continue to be the weak point of the
economy in 1987, "there is good reason to believe that exports
will soon bottom out and that a slight rise will emerge during
the course of the year." They predicted an overall 0.5 pct fall
in exports in 1987, the same as in 1986.
    The three more positive institutes saw private consumption
rising by four pct in 1987, compared with 4.2 pct in 1986,
while DIW and Ifo predicted a three pct increase.
    They saw the climate for equipment investment improving but
predicted only a rise of four pct in 1987 against 4.6 pct in
1986. Ifo and DIW saw these investments rising by only two pct.
    All the institutes predicted only a slight decline in
unemployment. The Kiel, Hamburg and Essen institutes said the
jobless total would average 2.17 mln in 1987 compared with 2.23
mln in 1986 and predicted a rise in the number of people in
work of about 200,000.
    These three institutes said new jobs would be created
mainly in the private services sector and also by the state in
the context of job creation measures. The construction industry
was likely to engage new workers for the first time since 1980
but they predicted either no rise in employment in the
manufactured goods industry or only a slight expansion.
    The DIW and Ifo said rises in employment would occur only
in the tertiary sector, while "the number employed in the
manufacturing industry will decline."
    The DIW and Ifo said unemployment would only decline to
2.20 mln in 1987 from 2.23 mln in 1986.
    They saw the current account surplus falling in 1987 to 58
billion marks from 78 billion in 1986. The other three saw a
current account surplus in 1987 of at least 60 billion marks
and predicted that the trade surplus would fall to only around
100 billion marks from 112 billion in 1986.
    The institutes agreed that consumer prices would start to
rise in 1987, after they declined in 1986, and all five
predicted an average increase over the year of 0.5 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16171>
The five leading West German economic
research institutes said the government should do more to
stimulate economic growth and called for early introduction of
tax cuts planned for 1990.
    In their joint spring report the institutes were divided
about 1987 growth forecasts, with three predicting two pct
expansion and the other two only one pct growth. Gross national
product grew 2.4 pct last year.
    But the report said all the institutes believed that "more
must be done to produce dynamic growth so that more additional
jobs can be created."
    The institutes said any step which improved basic economic
conditions should be taken as quickly as possible. "From this
point of view, the tax reform planned for 1990 should be
brought forward."
    The government plans gross tax reductions of 44 billion
marks as part of the major tax reform. The net tax relief from
the tax reform will amount to 25 billion marks.
    However, the institutes criticised the government, not only
for the timing of the reform, but also because the question of
its financing had been left open.
    The government has not specified how the remaining 19
billion marks of the tax reduction package will be paid for,
though it has said it wants to cut state subsidies.
    The institutes said this lack of clarity from Bonn had
caused uncertainty among companies and households as to what
exactly they would receive from the tax reform and urged a
quick decision from the government.
    They also said the government should reduce tax
preferences, which would simplify the fiscal system, urged a
restriction of state spending and called for no increase in
value-added tax.
    The institutes also criticised Bonn for increasing
subsidies at a time further reductions had been pledged.
    They referred specifically to a doubling of special
writedowns for small and medium sized companies announced in a
package of tax adjustments planned for 1988 and described this
as an increase in subsidies.
    The institutes said total subsidies, including tax
preferences, had reached 80 billion marks in 1985 and risen
further since then. Given the scope of these subsidies, it
should be possible "despite ... Major political difficulties" to
finance the tax reform by cutting state handouts.
    The institutes said that if the government raised value
added tax or other indirect taxes a large portion of the
positive effects resulting from lower taxes would be lost.
    The report also noted that the government was progressing
only slowly with its plans to privatise state companies and
said more deregulation was needed. The government had to aim
for more competition, it said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16196>
West German Economics Minister Martin
Bangemann indirectly rejected a call from the country's leading
economic research institutes for early introduction of a major
tax reform involving gross tax cuts of 44 billion marks.
    In a statement reacting to the five institutes' joint
spring report, Bangemann said that as far as the call for
bringing forward the 1990 tax reform was concerned --
    "The government points out that the positive effects for
growth of its policy of consolidation (cutting the budget
deficit) must not be allowed to be endangered."
    Bangemann also recalled that the scope of tax cuts planned
for 1988 had already been increased.
    Three institutes predicted two pct economic growth in 1987,
with exports falling by 0.5 pct. The other two saw only one pct
growth and said exports would fall 2.5 pct.
    Bangemann said "The government, agreeing with the majority,
sees no reason for the extraordinarily pessimistic estimate for
exports expressed by the minority."
    He said there was reason to believe that export demand
would start to rise in the course of the year, partly because
of a further increase in world trade.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16197>
Italy's Gross Domestic Product, calculated
at 1980 prices, rose 2.4 pct in the fourth quarter of 1986,
compared with the same period in 1985, National Statistics
Institute ISTAT said.
    ISTAT said in a statement that GDP growth in fourth quarter
1986 was zero compared with the preceding quarter. Italy's
budget ministry said last month that 1986 GDP rose 2.7 pct in
real terms from 1985.
    Imports in the fourth quarter totalled 26,361 billion lire,
down 1.4 pct from the 1985 fourth quarter and down 6.6 pct from
the third 1986 quarter, ISTAT said.
    Istat said exports totaled 23,190 billion lire in the
fourth quarter, down 4.1 pct from the comparable 1985 quarter
and down 6.7 pct from the third quarter in 1986.
    Fixed investments were 23,438 billion lire in the fourth
quarter, down 0.7 pct from the preceding quarter and up 1.1 pct
from the comparable 1985 quarter.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16201>
The five leading West German economic
research institutes, which have revised down their forecasts
for 1987 growth, do not predict a recession in West Germany,
their spokesman, Hans-Juergen Schmahl said.
    The institutes were divided in their spring report on
forecasts for 1987, with three predicting two pct growth and
two seeing only one pct expansion. Growth was 2.4 pct in 1986.
    Schmahl, presenting the report at a news conference, said,
"None of the institutes reckons with a recession or with the
beginning of a recession." He added, however, that exports
remained the weak point of the economy .
    Schmahl also said West Germany would have to expect further
encroachments of foreign goods onto its markets.
    Arthur Krumper of Munich's Ifo institute, which with the
DIW of West Berlin had presented the more pessimistic view of
the economy, said, "The braking effects (on the economy)
produced by external factors will remain considerable for most
of the year."
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16226>
Portugal's economy, which has been
enjoying one of its most buoyant periods in more than a decade,
may now be strong enough to shrug off the country's latest
government crisis, analysts said.
    But the April 3 ousting of Prime Minister Anibal Cavaco
Silva's government could slow economic reforms and investment
as Portugal continues to adapt to membership in the European
Community, which it joined in January last year, they said.
    Cavaco Silva's minority Social Democratic Party, PSD, was
toppled in a parliamentary censure vote by left-wing parties.
    The centre-right administration had made economic growth
reform a priority in its 17 months in office.
    In 1986, Portugal's economy grew four pct, its current
account surplus swelled to more than one billion dlrs and
inflation fell to 10 pct, from 20 pct in 1985.
    Analysts and businessmen said the prospects of instability
were worrying but they felt the foundations for continued
growth had not been badly shaken.
    "The economy has developed a certain self-confidence that is
now less dependent on the political situation," said Fritz
Haser, economics professor at Universidade Livre, Lisbon.
    "The market doesn't see this as a real crisis yet," economist
Jorge Braga de Macedo told Reuters.
    Businessmen have identified political instability over the
last 13 years as one of the biggest obstacles to lasting
economic progress.
    The PSD administration was the 16th formed since the 1974
revolution.
    Portugal's developing stock markets, however, remain
buoyant. Brokers and unit trust managers said the recent surge
in economic confidence under the PSD rule was still largely
underpinned by continuing optimistic forecasts.
    Investment grew nearly 10 pct in 1986 and a Bank of
Portugal forecast, released on the day the PSD government fell,
predicted the pace of investment and overall economic growth
would remain at similar levels this year.
    But analysts said the crisis interrupted current policies
and could slow economic development.
    Soares, who is expected to announce a decision by the end
of the month, can either call early elections or form a new
government from parties in the existing left wing-dominated
parliament.
    Many businessmen said they strongly favoured quick
elections as the best solution. "There is a good chance that a
majority government could result from early elections,"
Confederation of Portuguese Industry (CIP) president Pedro
Ferraz da Costa said.
    He said they were optimistic this could mean the
continuation in the near future of liberalisation policies
introduced over the last year.
    The left-wing parties favour a parliamentary solution, but
the PSD said it wants an early election in which opinion polls
say they could win an overall majority.
    A PSD majority would also open the way for more
wide-ranging reforms, such as relaxation of labour laws and
possible denationalisation of industry, the analysts said.
    Cavaco Silva has accused the left-wing opposition parties
of blocking key economic reforms.
    The left-wingers said Portugal's positive economic results
were more the product of favourable international conditions
such as cheaper oil and raw material imports, than of PSD
policies.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16268>
Four of West Germany's five leading
economic research institutes warned that excessive monetary
growth threatened a resurgence of inflation.
    But in a dissenting view the DIW institute in West Berlin,
echoing recent statements by leading Bundesbank officials, said
the expansion seen over the last 1-1/2 years did not
necessarily threaten stability.
    The five institutes issued a joint spring report, in which
three -- Kiel, Hamburg and Essen -- forecast a two pct rise in
GNP in 1987, while West Berlin and Munich predicted one pct.
    The four institutes said an expansive policy was welcome in
view of the slowdown in economic activity. But experience has
shown that strong monetary growth eventually leads to a price
rise which undoes the beneficial effects of monetary policy.
    Given virtual zero inflation in West Germany such fears may
seem exaggerated, they said.
    "But it has often turned out in the past that the price
climate can quickly deteriorate, forcing the central bank into
a restrictive policy," they said.
    The economic costs of a preventive stability policy are
less than fighting inflation once it has taken hold, they said.
    The four institutes disputed the view that monetary
expansion would slow of its own accord in 1987 as domestic
investors switch liquidity into longer term capital market
investments following lower interest rates.
    "Such redispositions may temporarily dampen the expansion of
central bank money stock, but do not automatically lead to a
smaller expansion of money supply," they said.
    A return to growth and stability did not require
spectacular central bank moves, but could be done quietly with
open market operations and repurchase pacts, which would avoid
an interest rate rise by dampening inflationary expectations.
    The DIW institute said monetary policy should not be
focused simply on growth of production potential. Because of
uncertainty about exchange rate developments and economic
weakness other factors should be taken into account.
    Monetary policy should aim for further interest rate cuts
and avoid rises to boost the economy and discourage revaluation
speculation. Recent strong monetary expansion was not a threat
in itself to price stability.
    The 1979/81 inflation following strong 1977/78 money growth
reflected other causes, such as rising oil prices and the
falling mark.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17883>
Bundesbank vice president Helmut
Schlesinger said he saw no reason to lower interest rates now.
    With money supply growth showing no sign of slowing down in
May and the dollar stable or even rising against the mark,
Schlesinger told Reuters that he was not convinced that a
further cut in interest rates was needed.
    The economy is picking up, after contracting by a
seasonally adjusted 1/2 to one pct in the first quarter from
the fourth, he added. "We may have an increase in gnp starting
in the second quarter," he said in an interview.
    Concerned by the first quarter downturn, the U.S. Has been
pressing West Germany to pump up its economy and boost its
imports, either through fiscal or monetary policy.
    Schlesinger said the contraction in the first quarter was
mainly due to adverse weather conditions, just as occured in
1986. Year-on-year growth was thus about two pct.
    He estimated that economic growth for the year as a whole
would probably be between one and two pct.
   "It is not a question of monetary conditions if domestic
demand does not grow strongly," he said, noting that interest
rates are at historically low levels and funds are ample.
    Schlesinger said he saw no signs that central bank money
stock growth was slowing down from its recent year-on-year pace
of 7-1/2 to eight pct, well above the Bundesbank's three to six
pct target.
    He said the target could still be achieved but much will
depend on the direction of long-term capital flows. Heavy
inflows, particularly in January around the time of the EMS
revaluation, boosted domestic money supply.
    "There is still a certain hope that the net inflow of
foreign money can be diminished or can even be a little bit
reversed," Schlesinger said.
    A major reason for the inflows was the market's conviction
that the mark was headed higher. "As we can see from the market,
expectations for a further revaluation of the deutschemark have
diminished," Schlesinger said.
    The recent widening of interest rate differentials, the
fact that the dollar has fallen sharply in a very short period
and an improvement in real trade balances have all combined
towards stabilizing the dollar, he said.
    Asked if central banks might act to prevent a sharp dollar
rise, as the U.S. Did in March when the dollar rose above 1.87
marks, he said this would depend on the circumstances.
    At midday here, the dollar stood at 1.8340/45 marks.
    "Central banks are always in contact about these
fluctuations but I cannot give any answer how they would react,"
Schelsinger said.
    "One has to look at how it (the market) is moving," he said,
adding, "It is not only our own case, it is also the American
case."
    He said that the West German export industry has been hit
hard by the dollar's sharp fall and would probably like to see
some correction now. "But it wouldn't be good to have short-term
fluctuations," he said. "Let us wait and see."
    "It is mainly the strength of the (dollar) fall in a very
short period which was a little bit of a shock, than the level
(of rates) as such," Schlesinger said.
    The sharp rise of the mark, coupled with weak prices of
such key commodities as oil, had a favourable impact on West
German inflation down year.
    Although there have recently been signs of inflation
picking up, he said that this was due to changes in key
commodity prices. The underlying inflation rate this year would
be unchanged, at about one to 1-1/2 pct, he said.
    Schlesinger said the problem of rapid money supply growth
was longer term, in that the economy was building up the
potential for a possible eventual resurgence of inflation.
    The above-target growth of money supply over the past 16
months had prompted some discussion of the usefulness of
targets themselves, a matter which might be taken up at the
mid-year meeting of the Bundesbank's council, Schlesigner said.
    But he added: "I don't see any great pressure to go away
from it."
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17896>
The Philippines' first quarter growth
figures released yesterday indicated the government was likely
to achieve its 1987 targets, Central Bank governor Jose
Fernandez said in an interview.
    The National Economic Development Authority (NEDA)
announced yesterday gross domestic product (GDP) grew 5.78 pct
and gross national product (GNP) 5.53 pct in the first quarter
from a year earlier.
    "I don't see anything on the horizon that should cut it
(growth) short," Fernandez said.
     NEDA said GNP had grown 3.56 pct and GDP 3.25 pct in the
fourth quarter of 1986 from a year earlier. Last year's GNP
growth, put earlier at 0.13 pct, was revised to 1.51 pct.
    "Certainly I do not see any shortage in external resources
and if GNP growth continues at this level I would assume that
domestic resources on the fiscal side would be generated and
would not be a stumbling block," Fernandez said.
    "I think even before the figures came out, simply looking at
key indicators, such as consumption of fuel oil and power,
showed that the economy was on a different track from last
year," he said.
    Fernandez said consumption tended to be heavier in the
first and second quarters because of the dry weather, and it
could drop off in the third quarter.
    He said the most significant sign of recovery lay in the
manufacturing sector, which grew by 9.64 pct, after declines in
1985 and a slow turnaround in the second half of 1986.
    "That is not a seasonal thing, it is secular," he said.
    He said the government had met all monetary targets set for
the first quarter in consultation with the International
Monetary Fund (IMF). It expected to draw down the fourth
tranche from its 198 mln SDR stand-by arrangement soon.
    The Philippines has so far drawn three tranches totalling
58 mln SDRs from the arrangement expiring on April 23, 1988.
Fernandez said an IMF mission would visit here in July or
August to review performance in the January-June period.
    He said IMF repayments were projected to total 1.56 billion
dlrs over the 1987-92 period and drawings only 236 mln dlrs.
Repayments were inevitable and many countries would find their
net repayments to the IMF rising in the next few years.
    "It means that since there will be a net drain on ODA
(official development assistance) accounts the commercial
banking system will be requested to hold the line," he said.
    It is an internal constraint that exists because the IMF
debt cannot be rescheduled, Fernandez said.
    The Philippines rescheduled 10.3 billion dlrs of its 28
billion dlr foreign commercial debt in March.
    Fernandez said Central Bank bills, introduced in March 1984
to mop up excess liquidity, had peaked at 43.1 billion pesos in
April 1986. But their unwinding on maturity dates, started in
October last year, had almost been completed.
    He said auctions of treasury bills, whose outstanding level
touched 95.44 billion pesos on May 20, were going well.
"Treasury bills will remain a basic monetary tool," he said.
    Commenting on the country's foreign debt Fernandez said, "I
think the Philippine debt stock looms large because our own
receipts from exports have not taken the same kind of leap
forward as might have been suitable."
    The foreign debt is projected by the Central Bank to reach
29.04 billion dlrs by the end of 1987.
    NEDA said exports totalled 1.2 billion dlrs in the first
quarter, while imports were 1.4 billion dlrs.
    Fernandez said the government had targeted GNP growth of
between six and 6.5 pct this year. He cautioned that while
growth so far was high the targets had not yet been achieved.
    Fernandez said he saw no merit in arguments by some
economists that the peso, currently pegged at 20.50 to the
dollar, ought to be devalued to make the country's exports more
competitive.
    "By being pegged to the dollar on a basket basis the peso
has already substantially devalued against all of the country's
trading partners," he said.
    On the proposed Omnibus Investment Code, he said he was
opposed to a clause which would allow the unrestricted
repatriation abroad of investments made during the first two
years after the imposition of the Code.
    The imposition of the Code, scheduled for last January, has
been delayed by objections from some business groups.
    "I think any central bank, certainly this one after the
events of the past two or two and a half years, has to be
prudent. This is not the time to throw all caution to the winds
and I'm not about to do that," Fernandez said.
    "It would be ideal if we reach a point where movement of
capital and earnings can be free," he said.
    "We have had one year of reasonably good results. Certainly
we continue to have a fairly heavy drain on our external
availabilities simply by servicing our debts."
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17906>
Figures for first quarter 1987 West
German GNP will be published on June 11 after they were
provisionally scheduled for June 4, an official at the Federal
Statistics Office said.
    The official said there had been a delay in gathering
information for the data, which are expected to show that the
West German economy contracted in the period.
    A spokesman for the Economics Ministry in Bonn said there
was no political motivation behind publishing the figures on
June 11, the day after the Venice economic summit ends.
    "There is no political motivation. It is a purely technical
matter," he added.
    The West German government is expected to come under
pressure in Venice from both the U.S. And its European partners
to stimulate domestic demand as a way of reducing international
trade imbalances and contributing to world economic growth.
    However, government officials have ruled out any further
tax reduction packages to supplement a major program of
stimulatory fiscal measures already underway.
    Helmut Schlesinger, vice-president of the West German
central bank, the Bundesbank, said in Tokyo today that GNP, the
widest measure of a country's economic activity, fell in real
terms by a seasonally adjusted 1/2 to one pct in the first
quarter compared with the fourth 1986 period.
     The government has confirmed that growth was negative in
the first 1987 quarter. But year-on-year growth is expected to
be about two pct.
    Schlesinger today repeated the Bundesbank's reluctance to
cut its official interest rates further. Its key discount rate,
at three pct, is just above historical lows.
    West German officials are likely to emphasise at the Venice
summit that domestic demand, which draws in goods from abroad,
is already outstripping export performance, which has suffered
from an 80 pct rise of the mark against the dollar in just over
two years.
    The government has pointed out that depressed exports are
the main reason for the current weakness in the economy, but
says that later in the year stronger domestic demand will
compensate for this setback.
    It expects GNP growth for the whole of 1987 of just under
two pct, after a 2.4 pct rise in 1986.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17970>
South Africa is expected to unveil
tomorrow an expansionary budget for the second consecutive year
in a bid to boost the nation's flagging economic growth rate,
economic analysts said.
    Faced with competing demands for increased military and
police spending and the pressing need for more funds for black
housing and education, Finance Minister Barend Du Plessis is
expected to raise significantly the government's overall
expenditure targets when he presents the budget to parliament,
the analysts said.
    Analysts expect Du Plessis to provide for a rise in state
spending at least equal to the 16 pct inflation rate for the
financial year that started on April 1, while ignoring pleas
from the private sector to stimulate growth by cutting taxes.
    "Fiscal policy has become gradually more expansionary, but
simply raising government spending and increasing the budget
deficit is an inflationary form of stimulation," said Rob Lee,
chief economist at South African Mutual Life Assurance Co.
    South Africa this year is targeting inflation-adjusted
growth in GDP of three pct against an increase last year of
less than one pct.
    Growth in GDP over the past decade has averaged about 1.5
pct, while the unemployment rate among blacks has spiralled to
over 30 pct.
    Economists estimate that the government's spending target
will rise to about 47 billion rand, with revenue budgeted at
around 40 billion rand. This would leave a budget deficit
before borrowing of about seven billion rand, or four pct of
GDP.
    The government, having consistently overshot its own
spending targets for more than a decade, also faces a
credibility crisis over expenditure figures outlined in the
budget, analysts said.
    "The budget is invariably too optimistic on expenditure,"
said Standard Bank Ltd in a budget preview.
    Many analysts in the private sector are now paying less
attention to the figures presented in the budget and are using
their own estimates of expenditure to draw conclusions for the
money and capital markets.
    South African Mutual's Lee believes government spending
will again exceed the budget target and increase to around 49
billion rand this year, leaving a deficit of between 5 and 5.5
pct of GDP, compared with a three pct limit suggested by the
IMF.
    "The IMF limit is obviously going to be abandoned," predicted
one analyst, noting that South Africa has moved steadily away
from austerity measures recommended by the IMF over the past
two years.
    The policy shift followed a dramatic deterioration in the
political situation and the onset of an economic crisis
triggered by the refusal of major foreign banks to roll over
loans to the country in September 1985.
    Against a background of Western economic sanctions, falling
per capita incomes, rising joblessness and high inflation,
government officials say economic growth is the prime
objective.
    But private-sector economists caution that the government's
ability to promote growth by boosting state spending is
constrained by the need to maintain a large surplus on the
current account of the country's balance of payments.
    Most of that surplus, this year estimated at around 2.5
billion dlrs, will be swallowed up by repayments on the
nation's estimated 23 billion dlr foreign debt in terms of an
arrangement reached earlier this year with major international
creditor banks.
    Within these constraints, economists believe Du Plessis has
little room to manoeuvre.
    Analysts argue recent rises in civil service salaries and
budgeted spending increases for the state-owned Post Office and
South African Transport Services suggest that major tax
concessions to individuals or corporations are unlikely.
    Du Plessis earlier this year announced small concessions
for taxpayers in a mini-budget before the May 6 whites-only
election. The poll delayed presentation of the national budget.
    "This will not be a very exciting budget," commented Harry
Schwarz, spokesman on finance for the liberal Progressive
Federal Party. "I do not expect any major tax cuts as all the
sweets were given out before the election."
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18009>
Pakistan says its economy has continued
its recent outstanding performance during the financial year
1986/87 ending on June 30 but areas like balance of payments,
investments and energy were causing concern.
    GDP grew in line with the average growth rate since 1980
and the inflation rate was the lowest since 1969/70, according
to a government economic survey.
     The reform of economic regulation had gathered momentum
and there was an impressive performance in a five point
government program for rural uplift, education and poverty
alleviation, said the survey.
    Ministry Economic Adviser Qazi Alimullah told a news
conference that before recent unseasonal rains and hailstorms
damaged the wheat crop, GDP growth was calculated at 7.04 pct
compared to 7.25 pct in 1985/86.He said the figure might now
slide down a little to around 6.8 or 6.9 pct.
    The survey said monetary expansion was estimated to be nine
pct to date but might rise to around 12 pct by the year-end.
    Alimullah said exports rose 18 pct to 3.5 billion dlrs from
2.9 billion dlrs in 1985/86. But the at the same time, home
remittances by Pakistanis abroad dropped to 2.3 billion dlrs
from the 1985/86 level of 2.595 billion.
    More exports and an improvement in the balance of payments
situation will be required to overcome this declining trend in
home remittances, he said.
    The survey said the trade deficit was expected to fall to
2.4 billion dlrs from three billion dlrs in 1985/86 because of
the boost in exports.
    He said national investment continued to be small because
of a poor rate of savings, about 14 pct of GDP. He said more
savings were required to maintain or possibly step up the
present growth rate and to finance the country's seventh
five-year development plan to be launched in July 1988.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18095>
The West German government's independent
council of economic experts believes a further stimulation of
the economy is inappropriate, government spokesman Friedhelm
Ost said.
    A statement released by Ost after a meeting of Chancellor
Helmut Kohl and senior government officials with the council
said the experts believed 1987 ecomomic growth of 1-1/2 to two
pct was achievable.
    It added the council believed "an intensification of the
already expansionary stimulation of monetary and financial
policy is not called for."
    Ost's statement said experts believed further pressure on
West Germany to adapt to external economic factors would not
increase.
    The government regularly uses the term "changed external
economic factors" when referring to the fall of the dollar,
which has severely damaged West German exports. Bonn officials
have said they expect exports to pick up during the year, but
could still fall below the 1986 level.
    Along with other leading industrial countries, West Germany
agreed to a package of measures at a meeting in Paris in
February aimed at stemming the fall of the dollar.
    The stance taken by the experts backs up the official
position of the West German government ahead of next week's
seven nation summit in Venice, where Bonn is expected to be
pressed by the U.S. And other partners to boost its economy.
    West German government officials have stressed Bonn is not
in a position to stimulate growth further since tax cuts due
next year and 1990 are already stretching the budget.
    The Bundesbank has also ruled out a quick cut in official
interest rates although it sees market rates continuing low.
    The experts' prediction for economic growth this year of
between 1-1/2 and two pct is a slight downward revision from a
forecast made last November when two pct growth was forecast.
    Many independent forecasters have revised down 1987
predictions in light of the downturn in exports. The government
itself has said it expects growth of just under two pct,
compared with a 2.4 pct expansion in 1986.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18490>
South Korea's gross national product (GNP)
will exceed 10 pct real growth this year and the won will rise
further as long as the current account surplus continues to
widen, Deputy Prime Minister Chun In-Yong told reporters.
    Chung, who is also Minister of Economic Planning, said his
GNP estimate was based on the assumption that the economy will
remain stable.
    The official target for 1987 GNP growth is eight pct.
    GNP rose 15.6 pct between the first quarters of 1987 and
1986, according to provisional Bank of Korea figures.
    GNP rose 12.5 pct in calendar 1986.
    In the first four months of this year, the current account
swung to a surplus of 2.5 billion dlrs from a deficit of 294
mln dlrs in the same 1986 period.
    "What the Minister said does not imply any major economic
policy change," a Ministry spokesman told Reuters. "But he tried
to urge business circles to prepare for the forseeable economic
(future) ... A high won era."
    South Korean manufacturers, who have insisted the won
should not rise more than seven pct this year, have said they
plan to ask the government to slow down its appreciation
against the dollar.
    The Bank of Korea today quoted the won unchanged at 812.05
against the dollar, a 6.02 pct gain so far this year compared
with a 3.34 pct increase for the whole of 1986.
    The won strengthened by 6.60 won to the dollar in three
days earlier this month while an International Monetary Fund
team held talks here to discuss revaluation.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18911>
A trade-led boom in the U.S. is
unlikely this year or next because growth in net exports will
merely offset a dramatic slowdown in consumer spending and
other sectors of the economy, Bank of America said in its
latest economic report.
    Although net exports will add 0.7 pct to GNP this year,
after reducing it by 1.2 pct in 1986, consumer spending will
contribute 1.4 pct less to GNP than it did last year.
    As a result, GNP this year is likely to expand a modest 2.5
pct, the same rate as last year, according to Daniel Van Dyke,
the Bank of America economist who wrote the report.
    "Growth in consumer spending in the United States will drop
dramatically this year because the jump in inflation will cause
a falloff in the growth of disposable income," Van Dyke said.
    Growth in U.S. consumer spending is likely to slow to 1.8
pct this year from 4.1 pct in 1986, he predicted.
    The report was released before the Commerce Department
reported today that personal income rose just 0.2 pct in May,
after increasing 0.4 pct in April, and that personal
consumption expenditures had risen just 0.1 pct, compared with
a 0.6 pct increase the month before.
    The rising cost of energy and imports is likely to boost
consumer prices by an average of 3.7 pct this year, up from 1.9
pct in 1986, Bank of America forecast.
    This rise in inflation will reduce real disposable income 
growth to only 1.3 pct in 1987 from 2.9 pct in 1986.
    As a result, Van Dyke calculated that the purchasing power
of an average family of four will increase by a modest 540 dlrs
this year compared to a surge of 1,210 dlrs during 1986.
    The slowdown in income growth is likely to cause housing
starts to drop by 4.2 pct this year and a further six pct in
1988 to an annual rate of 1.63 mln units.
    "For the first time in several years, a recession in 1988
or 1989 is more than a remote possibility," Van Dyke said.
    Currently, U.S. growth is fragile and depends heavily on an
improvement in trade. "However, with protectionist attitudes on
the rise in this country, this source of growth is at risk," he
added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18985>
West German economic growth will slow to
1.5 pct this year from 2.4 pct in 1986 due to weak domestic
demand and tougher competition from abroad, the Organisation
for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) said in its
semi-annual review of the world economy.
    This view is less favourable than the West German
government's forecast of a growth rate of under two pct this
year, but is in line with forecasts by independent economic
institutes of growth ranging from 1.5 to two pct.
    The OECD said that the economy should pick up next year,
with the gross national product rising by two pct in real
terms.
    The OECD said it assumed the German economy was passing
through a period of temporary weakness and there would be some
recovery in business confidence in the near future.
    But it warned that the key to an improvement in the economy
was higher domestic demand, which is only forecast to rise by
2.5 pct this year and 2.75 pct in 1988, below 1986's 3.7 pct.
    While noting that the government is bringing forward a five
billion mark tax reform to January 1988, the OECD said that "the
medium to longer-term performance of the West German economy
could be improved by reduction of subsidies - which would allow
relatively lower tax rates."
    Since the OECD report was compiled, the West German Federal
Statistics Office has released figures showing that the GNP
actually fell 0.5 pct in real terms in the first quarter of
this year compared with the final three months of 1986.
    Diplomatic sources here said that West Germany appeared
likely to finish the year with the lowest growth rate of any of
the Group of Seven leading industrial nations.
    West Germany's current account surplus, the target of
considerable criticism by the Reagan administration, is
expected to rise slightly to 37 billion dlrs this year from
35.8 billion in 1986, before declining to 29 billion dlrs in
1988.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18987>
France's growth rate is expected to
strengthen in the second half of this year after a poor first
half, but unemployment will worsen, the Organisation for
Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) said.
    In its semi-annual review of the world economy, the OECD
forecast that growth in the French Gross Domestic Product (GDP)
would run at about two pct in the next six months. It said the
rate would be in line with the 1986 trends, but significantly
higher than in the first half of this year.
    The OECD said France's economic situation has deteriorated
somewhat during the early months of 1987. 
    Activity has slowed, primarily reflecting an inventory
adjustment, while unemployment has risen rapidly and inflation
has reaccelerated, the OECD said. Unemployment is likely to
reach 12 pct of the workforce by the end of 1988.
    The report said inflation should slow and domestic demand
pick up in the second half of this year. But both data are
likely to be worse than those recorded in 1986, it added.
    The OECD forecast a 2.75 pct rise in consumer prices for
the second half of this year, a one pct drop from the first six
months. The slowdown would bring the inflation rate to 3.25 pct
for the whole year, sharply up from last year's 2.2 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18990>
Italy's economic outlook for 1987 and 1988
is likely to be less favourable than last year with slightly
lower growth, higher unemployment and an increased trade
deficit, the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and
Development (OECD) said.
    But the OECD, in its half-yearly report, forecast a
slightly lower inflation rate over the next two years. Last
year Italy ranked as one of the OECD's fastest growing
economies with Gross Domestic Product (GDP) growth at 2.7 pct.
    The OECD said Italy's GDP may grow by three pct in 1987,
but will then fall back to 2.5 pct in 1988.
    The inflation rate will probably stabilise at around five
pct during the projection period as a result of a turnaround in
import prices, particularly oil, an acceleration in labour
costs and the effects of domestic demand pressure, the report
said.
    This year, and to a lesser degree in 1988, domestic demand
should be stimulated by buoyant growth in household consumption
made possible by wage increases following pay negotiations.
    Domestic demand pressure, coupled with the deterioration in
Italian competitiveness, is likely to stimulate imports and
adversely affect exports in 1987 and 1988. This could result in
a sharp negative contribution to the currrent account.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18991>
Japan's trade surplus is likely to
continue to grow in 1987, as sales of Japanese goods abroad
increase while domestic demand remains sluggish, the
Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD)
said.
    In its latest half-yearly review of the world economy, the
OECD said Japan managed to considerably reduce its surplus last
year, when domestic demand grew by four pct in 1986 while
export markets rose by only two pct.
    But it said this differential between the growth of
domestic and foreign demand would reverse in 1987 and 1988,
"thus weakening the international adjustment process."
    It forecast a slowing in domestic growth to little over two
pct but with a rise in exports of 3.3 pct in 1987 and 3.6 pct
in 1988. As a result, the current account surplus in 1987 will
rise to 95 billion dlrs from 86 billion in 1986, although in
1988 it should fall back to 87 billion dlrs.
    The OECD outlook did not take account of the 6,000 billion
yen package announced last month to stimulate domestic demand
and increase imports to Japan. However, OECD officials said the
measures will significantly strengthen domestic demand, quite
possibly exceeding one pct GNP when the full effects have
worked through, and thus will provide some stimulus to imports.
    The OECD outlook said, "Continued large current account
surpluses and the further build-up of an already-substantial
net external asset position could well lead to upward pressure
on the yen." It said that further appreciation could then lead
manufacturers to postpone their investment plans and thus
weaken domestic growth.
    The OECD said Japan's Gross National Product was likely to
gorw an annual two pct in 1987 and 1988, below 1986's 2.5 pct
growth. But it said Japan would continue its good performance
on inflation, with a zero figure expected in 1987 compared to a
0.6 pct rise in consumer prices last year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18993>
Economic growth will remain sluggish in
the Netherlands and Belgium next year and unemployment may
rise, the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development
forecast.
    Belgium's GDP growth may slow down to 1.5 pct this year and
next year, bringing a rise in the number of jobless, the OECD
said in its semi-annual survey. Belgian inflation could
stabilise at 1.5 to 2.0 pct, while the current account surplus
will probably remain large at about three pct of GDP.
    While the Belgian government has made progress in trimming
its borrowing requirement, "it will probably be insufficient to
check the self-sustaining nature of the deficit," the OECD said.
    In the Netherlands real GDP growth will also slip to 1.5
pct this year and one pct in 1988, with Dutch exports becoming
less competitive and imports rising. "Employment is forecast to
decelerate as well, reflecting more sluggish growth in the
private sector and budgetary cuts," the report said.
    Dutch consumer prices are set to fall by 0.5 pct in 1987
and stay stable in 1988, partly as a result of declining
domestic gas prices.
    Luxembourg's economy, by contrast, will see slightly faster
growth in GDP this year as a result of an upward movement in
wages. But real growth in consumption will ease next year.
REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18994>
Strong growth in domestic demand was a key
feature of the economies of southern European countries in
1986, though the growth is seen slowing this year and next, the
Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development said.
    In its semi-annual report, the OECD said Portugal's total
domestic demand growth would decline from 7.6 pct last year to
five pct in 1987 and 3.75 pct in 1988 as slower wage growth
restrained private consumption.
    Turkey's economy grew much faster than expected in 1986 and
domestic demand surged 10.5 pct, but this growth was expected
to be halved to five pct next year.
    In Spain, buoyant domestic demand, led by fixed investment,
had been the driving force behind rapid growth in Gross
Domestic Product. Both fixed investment and private consumption
were expected to ease during 1988 but would still remain
strong.
    The OECD forecast that Spanish imports would rise sharply
next year, reflecting strong demand, entry to the European
Community and declining competitiveness.
    In Greece, inflation was forecast to turn downwards
following an increase early this year linked with the
introduction of Value Added Tax and a surge in food prices due
to cold weather.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18995>
High wage settlements in Nordic countries
threaten to cut exports and reduce the international
competitiveness of their industries, the Organisation for
Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) said.
    In Denmark, the OECD said wage settlements concluded in
early 1987 were likely to contribute to a marked deterioration
in competitiveness. Sweden's competitive position was also seen
at risk from accelerating wages.
    The OECD predicted that domestic demand would come under
pressure from tight fiscal policy in Denmark, as well as
Norway, Sweden and Finland.
    Overall economic growth will vary in the different
countries between 1986 and 1988, the OECD semi-annual report
said.
    After a strong rise of 7.8 pct in 1986, total domestic
demand in Norway was seen falling by 1.5 pct in 1987 and one
pct the following year. Denmark was also expected to see a
slump in domestic demand. The report said growth in Gross
Domestic Product (GDP) was likely to speed up slightly in
Sweden and Finland in 1987 and 1988, while declining in Denmark
and Norway.
    Iceland needs to try harder to implement its new economic
strategy if any more progress is to be made towards sustained
and balanced non-inflationary growth, the OECD said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18996>
The United States should take urgent
action to cut its crippling budget deficit, including possible
reductions in non-defense spending, higher taxes and curbs on
growth of the defense budget, the Organization for Economic
Cooperation and Development said.
    The OECD, in its semi-annual review of the world economy,
said a failure of the Reagan Administration and Congress
quickly to agree on measures to cut the deficit "could seriously
affect confidence, both in the United States and elsewhere."
    It predicted that the federal deficit in fiscal 1987,
running until September 30 this year, would substantially
overshoot both the Balanced Budget Act's target of 144 billion
dlrs and official U.S. Estimates in February of 175 billion.
    "The OECD projection, which is based on assumptions of
slower growth, higher interest rates and actual data for the
first half of the financial year, is for a deficit of about 190
billion dollars," it said.
    While this would be 30 billion lower than last year's
deficit, much of the improvement would be due to corporate tax
increases being introduced before income tax cuts take effect.
    The U.S. Economic growth rate is expected to edge up to
2.75 pct next year from 2.5 pct this year and last.
    In contrast to the last two years, more competitive exports
boosted by the fall in the dollar should help GNP growth.
    Unemployment should continue to fall slowly as the service
sector continues to create jobs. But inflation appears to be
heading higher, partly due to the lower dollar, with consumer
prices forecast to rise four pct this year and 4.5 pct next
year after just 2.1 pct in 1986.
    "Monetary and fiscal policy appear to be the key factors
behind the avoidance of recession," the report said.
    The current account balance of payments deficit is expected
to be still around a high 125 billion dlrs next year, after
hitting a projected record 147.25 billion this year, it said.
    In Canada economic growth is expected to pick up slightly
to around 2.75 pct in 1988 from 2.5 pct this year, but will
still be below levels seen in recent years. Inflation is
expected to slow to 3.5 pct next year from 3.75 pct this year,
unemployment should edge down to nine pct in 1988 from 9.25 pct
this year.
    Canada's current account deficit is projected to shrink to
around four billion U.S. Dlrs this year and to remain at about
that level in 1988.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19000>
Prospects for world economic growth remain
very sluggish, and coordinated action by western governments is
urgently needed to restore business confidence, stabilize
currencies and encourage investment, the Organization for
Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) said here.
    "The economic situation has deteriorated in recent months,
and ... Slow growth, high unemployment and large payments
imbalances are likely to persist," it said in one of its
gloomiest reviews of the world economy in recent years.
    The gross national product (GNP) of the 24-nation bloc of
western industrialised countries is forecast to grow by only
2.25 pct both this year and next, even slower than last year's
2.5 pct growth rate.
    "We would like to see the aggregate for the OECD area
comfortably exceeding three pct," David Henderson, head of the
OECD's economics and statistics department, said.
    The OECD said that the dollar fall had led to rising
inflation expectations and higher interest rates in the U.S.,
Combining with world trade imbalances and the huge third world
debt problem to increase the risks of a world economic
downturn.
    "At the same time, many of the conditions for faster growth
remain favorable," it said, citing low inflation in most major
countries, healthy corporate finances, generally lower interest
rates, improvements in state budget positions and more flexible
labor markets.
    But private sector confidence had been undermined by
uncertainties over exchange rates, it said, and warned that "for
confidence to be restored, it is important for governments
swiftly to implement internationally-agreed commitments."
    This was a clear reference to last February's Louvre accord
of the Group of Five nations plus Canada, analysts said.
    The OECD said that apparent disagreements among major
countries on implementation of the Louvre accord had helped to
undermine business confidence, and called on more active fiscal
policies from the U.S., West Germany and Japan to slow demand
in the U.S. And raise it in the other two countries.
    Henderson said the 6,000 billion yen package announced
recently by the Japanese government to encourage public works
and cut taxes would make a significant contribution to this
process, though it was too early to estimate its precise
impact.
    He said the measures will help strengthen Japan's domestic
demand significantly, quite possibly exceeding one pct of GNP.
    The inflation outlook, while broadly satisfactory, has
worsened in recent months, with OECD consumer prices forecast
to rise 3.5 pct this year and 3.75 pct in 1988 after a 2.8 pct
increase in 1986.
    There is no prospect for any significant improvement in the
unemployment situation over the next 18 months, with the
average rate expected to stabilize at 8.25 pct, similar to last
year.
    The OECD called for efforts to liberalize world
agricultural markets through switching farm subsidies away from
price guarantees and other measures linked to production
towards direct income support for farmers.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19005>
Australia's economy should manage modest
growth over the next two years after a sharp slowdown but
unemployment could still edge upwards, the Organisation for
Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) said.
    The organisation's latest half-yearly report says Gross
Domestic Product will grow by 2.5 pct this year and by 2.75 pct
in 1988 compared with only 1.4 pct in 1986. The growth will be
helped by higher stockbuilding and stronger domestic demand
following tax cuts and higher real wages, it added.
    The report forecasts a decline in inflation, with consumer
prices increasing by 8.5 pct this year and 6.25 pct in 1988.
    The current account deficit shows signs of easing slightly
and could narrow to 12 billion dlrs by the end of 1988.
    While predicting slightly stronger growth than last year,
however, the report revises downwards the OECD's earlier growth
forecast for 1987 of 3.75 pct.
    The OECD predicts a similar combination of modest economic
growth and rising unemployment for New Zealand, which is
struggling to recover from a major economic crisis.
    The country's GDP, which contracted by 0.6 pct last year,
should again show growth over the next two years, rising by
0.25 pct this year and a more substantial 2.75 pct in 1988.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19017>
Finance Minister Michael Wilson said tax
reform will not affect his determination to reign in
expenditures, but his forecasts show a slowing of the decline
in the budget deficit in the late 1980s.
    "Responsible tax reform must be fiscally responsible,"
Wilson said in a speech prepared for the House of Commons.
    Wilson estimated the deficit will fall to 29.3 billion dlrs
in the year ending March 31, 1988, the same level as he
forecast in the February budget.
    And in the year ended this past March, the deficit was
expected to have been one billion dlrs lower than the 32
billion dlr shortfall originally forecast, Wilson said.
    Wilson said in the current 1988 fiscal year
higher-than-anticipated spending, particularly in farm income
support programs, will be offset by higher-than-anticipated
revenues.
    But finance department documents show the pace of deficit
reduction was expected to slow temporarily in fiscal 1989 and
1990 as a result of lower oil and grain prices and the
transition to the reformed taxation system.
    The deficit is expected to total 28.9 billion dlrs in
fiscal 1989 and 28.6 billion dlrs in 1989 and then fall to 26.1
billion dlrs in 1991.
    Wilson was optimistic about the outlook for the Canadian
economy, forcasting gross domestic product would expand 2.8 pct
this year and 3.0 pct in 1988. In 1986 the economy grew by an
actual 3.1 pct.
    Inflation, meanwhile, is expected to stabilize at around
the current four pct level over the next two years.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19061>
Japan could avoid a sharp rise in the
value of the yen against the dollar if Japan, the U.S. And
other nations succeeded in restructuring their economies, an
advisory panel to the government's Economic Planning Agency
(EPA) said.
    The advisory body said in its report that the yen would
soar against the dollar if structural adjustments on a global
basis were delayed.
    An EPA official told Reuters the dollar could fall to
slightly below 100 yen by 1993 if Japan and the U.S. Failed to
restructure their economies.
    The dollar's fall without structural adjustments would cut
Japan's current account surplus to two pct of gross national
product (GNP) in 1993, the report said. It said such a change
would slow real GNP growth to an average of two pct annually
during the seven-year period to 1993.
    If the two nations restructured their economies, the dollar
would remain stable in real terms, while reducing Japan's
current-account surplus to 2.1 pct of GNP in 1993. This
scenario put Japan's GNP growth at 3.5 pct a year.
    It forecast real growth of three pct for the world economy
and four pct for Japan by 2,000 if the adjustments were made.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19075>
South Africa recorded annualised
real growth in GDP of 3.25 pct in the first quarter of this
year and the economy should achieve the government's target of
three pct growth for 1987, the Reserve Bank said.
    The South African central bank said in its quarterly
bulletin that confidence in the economy improved from January
to May 31 because of the higher gold price, a rise in the
nation's gold and foreign currency reserves and an improvement
in the rand's exchange rate to just under 50 U.S. Cents.
    It noted the growth rate had slowed from 4.5 pct in the
third and fourth quarters of last year.
    It also cited a three year debt recheduling agreement
reached with international creditors in March as evidence of
improved foreign perceptions of the South African economy.
    The accord effectively extends a moratorium on most
repayments of 13 billion dlrs of South Africa's short term
foreign debt. Total foreign debt is 23 billion dlrs.
    South Africa recorded a seasonally adjusted annualised
surplus on the current account of the balance of payments of
7.43 billion rand in the first quarter, compared with a surplus
of 7.24 billion rand in 1986. The bank said it was the ninth
consecutive current account surplus since the start of 1985.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19478>
The economy faces lackluster growth
and the risk of recession this year if the recent improvement
in U.S. exports should falter, economists say.
    Growth will slow sharply in the next months due to weakness
in the key housing and auto sectors and could be further
hampered unless consumer spending picks up, they say.
    "These factors raise the question: Is there enough strength
to keep the economy from tipping into a recession?" said Lyle
Gramley, chief economist of the Mortgage Bankers
Association and a former Federal Reserve Board official.
    The Commerce Department said this week that the economy
grew by a robust 4.8 pct annual rate in the first quarter, but
a U.S. monetary official called it a weak report.
    Housing starts fell 2.7 pct in May, and consumer spending
rose a weak 0.1 per cent.
    "Our two largest visible industries -- autos and housing --
are faltering, but exports are picking up some of the slack, "
Martin Mauro, senior economist for Merrill Lynch Economics,
told Reuters.
    Gramley said he is worried that consumer spending may slow
because inflation is rising faster than real wages.
    To offset this, U.S. exports must continue to rise,
returning enough jobs to the manufacturing sector to boost
personal income and consumption, he says.
    "I expect to see enough improvement in real net exports to
keep a recession from happening, but it is a close call,"
Gramley said.
    Federal Reserve Board Governor Martha Seger told reporters
that the apparent strength in the 4.8 pct growth figure was the
result of a temporary buildup in inventories that will not last
and said the recovery was showing anemia.
    Seger said that with the recovery stumbling along, "The pace
of the economy and the lack of robustness must be factored into
monetary policy" - possibly a signal that the Fed will be
accommodative.
    Most economists predict growth slower than the 3 pct
forecast by the Reagan administration for 1987 and warn that if
the dollar drops suddenly, higher inflation will result and add
to the risk of a recession.
    Mauro said a 0.5 pct rise in industrial production in May
came despite cutbacks in output in the auto industry, where an
inventory overhang still exists.
    He says the boost in production came from smaller
industries like paper, chemicals, and lumber which have
improved sales overseas due to the drop in the dollar.
    "They are not going to be enough for any kind of surge in
economic activity, but I think they will keep us out of a
recession," Mauro said.
    In a speech to financial planners this week, Beryl
Sprinkel, the chief White House economic adviser, predicted the
trade deficit will continue to improve.
    "Prospects for continued economic growth through 1987 and
into 1988 are still quite favorable," he said.
    But private economists raise concerns about a resurgence in
inflation.
    Allen Sinai, chief economist at Shearson Lehman Brothers
Inc., told Congress this week that inflation would rise to 4.5
to five pct this year and stay at that level through 1989 after
a 1.1 pct increase in 1986.
    The rise is coming from a sharply lower dollar, higher oil
and energy prices and rising prices for services, he said.
    "The lesson of history is that once the inflation genie gets
out of the bottle, it continues to persist," he said, adding he
would like the Fed to tighten credit.
    A major factor affecting inflation is the value of the
dollar, which should continue to fall and feed inflation, says
a prominent international banker.
    Rainer Gut, chairman of Credit Suisse, told the National
Press Club that the dollar's downward trend against the yen and
the mark will continue for years because the United States is
the world's largest debtor nation.
    The Swiss banker said the economic indicators point to a
further slackening of activity and called naive the belief that
the five-year boom on world equity markets will go on forever.
"It is very difficult to be optimistic," Gut said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21368>
The Soviet Union outlined its economic
targets for 1988 on Monday, stressing the need to improve
standards in the country's sluggish engineering industry.
    Planning chief Nikolai Talyzin told the Supreme Soviet
industrial output should rise by 4.5 pct in 1988, up from a
planned 4.4 pct in 1987. It rose 3.6 pct in Jan-Sept 1987.
    Talyzin said national income, the nearest Soviet equivalent
to gross national product, should rise by 4.3 pct against a
planned 4.1 pct this year. Gross national product measures the
output of a country's goods and services.
    He said the Kremlin planned to produce 235 mln tonnes of
grain in 1988 versus a planned 232 mln this year. Moscow
produced 210 mln tonnes in 1986.
    Kremlin leader Mikhail Gorbachev has described
machine-builing as a sector whose rapid modernization is
essential if the Soviet Union is to compete effectively on
world markets.
    "Certain difficulties have arisen this year in the
machine-building industry. The economy is not receiving a
considerable amount of the equipment that it requires," said
Talyzin, who heads the state planning committee GOSPLAN.
    Soviet data show the machine-building industry, which makes
machine tools, instruments and other engineering goods,
increased output by 3.3 pct in the first nine months of 1987
compared with the same period last year.
    However, this was far below the 7.3 pct increase planned
for the industry for the whole of 1988.
    Talyzin said the ruling Politburo had concluded at a recent
meeting that an improvement in economic performance depended to
a large extent on conserving resources better. "Large-scale
measures are planned to save resources," he said.
    Finance Minister Boris Gostev told the Supreme Soviet that
defense spending in 1988 would total 32 billion dlrs, the same
figure as was announced last year.
    Western governments view official Soviet estimates for
defense spending as highly understated, but say the real figure
is hard to calculate because Soviet military industries are
intertwined with the civilian economy.
    Talyzin said the Kremlin also decided to increase spending
next year on medical services, education, pensions and social
insurance schemes.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21525>
Malaysia's recovery from the worst
recession in 20 years should receive a boost on Friday when the
government announces a reflationary budget for calendar 1988
after seven years of austerity, economists said.
    "Our country is walking on one leg now," said Ismail Salleh,
an economist with the Institute of Strategic and International
Studies. "It has to depend on public sector investment for
faster growth if the private sector is not moving."
    Gross domestic product grew one pct in 1986 after shrinking
one pct in 1985. The fiscal year ends December 31.
    The government has said it expects 1987 growth to be under
two pct but some analysts believe it will be nearer three pct
because prices for commodity exports have risen sharply.
Malaysia is a leading exporter of rubber, palm oil, tin and
semiconductors and a major producer of cocoa, timber and oil.
    The government slashed development spending to 9.8 billion
ringgit this year from 14.5 billion in 1986.
    Economists said unemployment is expected to exceed 10 pct
in 1988 against about 9.5 pct this year.
    Local investment also has stagnated, with businessmen
blaming inconsistent economic policies and lack of incentives.
    One businessman said too many politicians give the
impression that Malaysia was unstable.
    "If we can take care of investment confidence, the potential
to recover strongly is great," a banker said.
    Malaysia's 1987 current account is expected to be in the
black with the Central Bank projecting a 500 mln ringgit
surplus compared with last year's 1.2 billion ringgit deficit.
    The government has said its fiscal policies will balance
the budget by 1989. The deficit in 1986 was 952 mln ringgit.
    The government will also repay some of its external debt,
which stood at 51 billion ringgit at the end of 1986.
    Political leaders have said the budget will not hurt
ordinary people as taxes on basic food and other essential
goods are unlikely to change.
    Businessmen said they hope the government also will cut the
corporate tax, now between 45 and 48 pct, to enable Malaysia to
compete for investors with neighbouring states.
 REUTER
</BODY>
