<BODY DOCID=14842>
Western Mining Corp Holdings Ltd
&lt;WMNG.S> (WMC) said it will establish a new joint venture gold
mine in the Northern Territory at a cost of about 21 mln dlrs.
    The mine, to be known as the Goodall project, will be owned
60 pct by WMC and 40 pct by a local W.R. Grace and Co &lt;GRA>
unit. It is located 30 kms east of the Adelaide River at Mt.
Bundey, WMC said in a statement
    It said the open-pit mine, with a conventional leach
treatment plant, is expected to produce about 50,000 ounces of
gold in its first year of production from mid-1988. Annual ore
capacity will be about 750,000 tonnes.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15411>
Belgium plans to issue Swiss franc
warrants to buy gold, with Credit Suisse as lead manager,
market sources said.
    No confirmation or further details were immediately
available.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15471>
The Kingdom of Belgium is launching 100
mln Swiss francs of seven year notes with warrants attached to
buy gold, lead mananger Credit Suisse said.
    The notes themselves have a 3-3/8 pct coupon and are priced
at par. Payment is due April 30, 1987 and final maturity April
30, 1994.
    Each 50,000 franc note carries 15 warrants. Two warrants
are required to allow the holder to buy 100 grammes of gold at
a price of 2,450 francs, during the entire life of the bond.
    The latest gold price in Zurich was 2,045/2,070 francs per
100 grammes.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15481>
The Kingdom of Belgium is launching 100
mln Swiss francs of seven year notes with warrants attached to
buy gold, lead manager Credit Suisse said.
    The notes themselves have a 3-3/8 pct coupon and are priced
at par. Payment is due April 30, 1987, and final maturity April
30, 1994.
    Each 50,000 franc note carries 15 warrants. Two warrants
are required to allow the holder to buy 100 grammes of gold at
a price of 2,450 francs, during the entire life of the bond.
    The latest gold price in Zurich was 2,045/2,070 francs per
100 grammes.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15803>
&lt;Gordex Mineral Ltd>
said geologists located more than one mln tons of gold-bearing
deposits, 0.057 ounces per ton, at Cape Spencer.
    The company said it plans to invest 2.5 mln Canadian dlrs
to expand on-site treatment facilities to process 100,000 tons
of gold-bearing deposits this year and 200,000 tons in 1988.
    Prior to the completion of the recent exploration program,
Gordex estimated the Cape Spencer deposit had 200,000 tons.
    Gordex said the expansion of the Cape Spencer facilities is
intented to enable it to operate 24 hours a day throughout the
year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15811>
Gordex Mineral Ltd
said geologists located more than one mln short tons of
gold-bearing deposits, 0.057 ounces per ton, at Cape Spencer.
    The company said it plans to invest 2.5 mln Canadian dlrs
to expand on-site treatment facilities to process 100,000 tons
of gold-bearing deposits this year and 200,000 tons in 1988.
    Prior to the completion of the recent exploration program,
Gordex estimated the Cape Spencer deposit had 200,000 tons.
    Gordex said the expansion of the Cape Spencer facilities is
intended to enable operation 24 hours a day throughout the
year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16009>
Commodities from gold to grains to
cotton posted solid gains in a flurry of buying today as losses
in the U.S. dollar and rising interest rates kindled fears of
inflation and economic instability.
    Gains were most pronounced on the Commodity Exchange in New
York, where gold jumped 12.40 dlrs and closed at 436.50 dlrs a
troy ounce, and silver 22.5 cents to 6.86 dlrs a troy ounce.
    A key factor behind the advance was anticipation that
inflation will be the only way for the major industrial nations
to halt the slide in the value of the U.S. dollar, said Steve
Chronowitz, director of commodity research with Smith Barney,
Harris Upham and Co., in New York.
    The dollar tumbled one day after top finance officials from
the seven largest industrial nations reaffirmed their
commitment to support its value, and despite reports of
intervention by the U.S. Federal Reserve Bank, traders said.
    Traders said it appears that the industrial nations, known
as the Group of Seven, lack the ability to change the long-term
direction of the currency markets.
    "Maybe they have some ideas or plans," said Chronowitz. "If
they do, it's not evident."
    "It looks like there's no cure but to let the free market
take values to where they should be.
    "One way or another, we will force our major trading
partners to stimulate their economies," as a measure to correct
the mounting U.S. trade deficit, Chronowitz said.
    "I think the markets believe, and have believed for a long
time, that the only recourse is to reflate at some point. It's
going to be a long and tedious process, but that's what's
happening," he said.
    The falling value of the dollar makes U.S. commodities
cheaper for foreign buyers, stimulating demand.
    At the same time, traders who are holding stocks and bonds
saw the value of their investments falling and many are turning
to commodities such as precious metals as a hedge, said Marty
McNeill, a metals analyst in New York with the trading house of
Dominick and Dominick.
    The reaction in the metal markets reverberated throughout
the commodities markets, as grains, livestock, and cotton
posted broad gains.
    Traders at the Chicago Board of Trade said attention in the
grain markets has shifted from concern about burdensome
supplies to the outlook that a lower dollar will stimulate
export demand.
    After the close of trading, the Agriculture Department
raised its estimate for grain imports by the Soviet Union by
two mln tonnes from the month-earlier report.
    Live hogs and frozen pork bellies posted sharp gains on the
Chicago Mercantile Exchange, while live cattle were moderately
higher.
    Analysts said several factors boosted hog prices. They said
hogs haven't been making the weight gains that are normal at
this time of year, and farmers have been too busy with field
work to market animals.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16149>
St.Gobain Netherlands, guaranteed by Cie
de St.Gobain, is issuing a 75 mln ECU bond with gold warrants
attached, due May 6, 1992 carrying a 4-1/2 pct coupon and
priced at par, lead manager Salomon Brothers International Ltd
said.
    Fees comprise 1-1/4 pct selling concession with 5/8 pct for
management and underwriting combined. Listing is in Luxembourg.
    Each 1,000 ECU bond carries one gold warrant exercisable
from May 6, 1987 until May 6, 1990 entitling the holder to
purchase one ounce at an exercise price of 490 dlrs.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16162>
Gold bullion continued to move higher
supported by good general buying and was fixed this morning at
436.50 dlrs, 268.368 stg, an ounce, up from Friday's close of
432.00/50, dealers said.
    The setting was the highest since October 8 as gold built
on Friday's gains, which had been based on the weakness of the
dollar and fears of a trade war between the United States and
Japan.
    It opened slightly firmer at 433.50/434.00 and moved up
steadily during the morning supported by commission house and
trade buying, dealers said.
    Dealers said there was resistance around 440.00 but with
sentiment still firm some traders believe the rally may even
take gold as high as 500 dlrs.
    Platinum was fixed this morning at 583.50 dlrs an ounce, up
from Friday's close of 578.50/580.50, and also the highest
setting since October.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16212>
Six workers were killed and four
injured in an undeground rock fall at South Africa's second
largest gold mine today, the mine owners said.
    It was the third major mine accident in the country in less
than a week.
    Thirty four workers died in methane gas explosion at a coal
mine last Thursday.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16248>
The number of British gold articles
hallmarked during the first quarter of this year rose by more
than 11 pct on the corresponding period last year, figures
released by the Assay Offices of Great Britain show.
    More than 2.5 mln British items were hallmarked during the
quarter, up 11.1 pct on the same year ago period. The four
Assay Offices also marked 832,222 foreign gold articles, up 2.5
pct on last year.
    In weight terms the 7.19 mln grams of British gold assayed
was a 15.3 pct increase, while the 2.95 mln grams of foreign
gold represented a rise of 3.1 pct.
    British silver goods assayed totalled 698,132, an increase
of 6.2 pct but only 78,457 foreign items were marked, a fall of
11.1 pct.
    A total of 10,968 kilos of silver were assayed, an 11.1 pct
rise.
    The number of platinum items marked fell 12.5 pct to 1,785,
while in weight terms the total slipped 8.1 pct to 9,849 grams.
    A spokesman for the Assay Offices of Great Britain said he
was particularly encouraged to see the percentage increase for
British manufactured goods.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16286>
Giant Bay Resources
Ltd said it signed an agreement in principle with Hecla Mining
Co for an operating joint venture on Hecla's Stibnite, Idaho,
gold deposit.
    Giant Bay said if its bioleaching technology is used for
ore processing, it will have the right to acquire a working
interest in the property. It said it may spend as much as three
mln U.S. dlrs, excluding capital costs to bring the mine into
production. It said drilling has indicated substantial sulphide
reserves with a gold grade of about 0.1 ounce a ton, and early
tests show the gold ore responds to bioleaching.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16589>
Homestake Mining Co is considering
acquiring more gold ore reserves in addition to the company's
exploration efforts, chief executive Harry Conger told Reuters
in an interview.
    "We are looking at more options to acquire more reserves
rather than just exploration," Conger said adding, "the move to
consider acquisitions represents a change in the company's
acquisitions policy."
    Conger said all of Homestake's current cash position of 120
mln dlrs would be available to acquire reserves. In addition,
Homestake has two lines of credit totaling 150 mln dlrs which
have not been drawn on today and could be used to finance an
acquisition, he said.
    Conger said he anticipates 1987 exploration budget will be
about the same as 1986 spending of 27.3 mln dlrs. Conger said
exploration for precious metals may be slightly higher than
last year's spending of 17.7 mln dlrs while oil and gas
exploration spending will be slightly less than last year's 9.6
pct.
    Conger said he sees Homestake's 1987 gold production about
the same as 1986 gold production of 669,594 ounces.
    However, 1987 first quarter production from its McLaughlin
reserve will be about 10 pct lower than last year's 45,400
ounces due to start-up production problems.
    He said he believes gold prices will hold above the 400
U.S. dlr an ounce level for the rest of 1987.
     IN 1986, company earnings were based an average market
price for gold of 368 dlrs an ounce.
    Conger said a three pct change in gold prices represents a
12 cts a share impact on earnings but he declined to give a
specific forecast for 1987's first quarter, due to be released
in 10 days, or for full year 1987 results.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16604>
Homestake Mining Co is considering
acquiring more gold ore reserves in addition to the company's
exploration efforts, chief executive Harry Conger told Reuters
in an interview.
    Conger said, "the move to consider acquisitions represents
a change in the company's acquistions policy."
    Conger said all of Homestake's current cash position of 120
mln dlrs would be available to acquire reserves. In addition,
Homestake has two lines of credit totaling 150 mln dlrs which
have not been drawn on and could be used to finance an
acquisition, he said.
    Conger said he anticipates 1987 exploration budget will be
about the same as 1986 spending of 27.3 mln dlrs.
    Conger said exploration for precious metals may be slightly
higher than last year's spending of 17.7 mln dlrs while oil and
gas exploration spending will be slightly less than last year's
9.6 pct.
    Conger said he sees Homestake's 1987 gold production about
the same as 1986 gold production of 669,594 ounces.
    However, 1987 first quarter production from its McLaughlin
reserve will be about 10 pct lower than last year's 45,400
ounces due to start-up production problems.
    He said he believes gold prices will hold above the 400
U.S. dlr an ounce level for the rest of 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17457>
Renison Goldfields Consolidated Ltd
&lt;RGFJ.S> (RGC) and explorer &lt;City Resources Ltd> have agreed in
principle on a joint venture to re-examine the Bulolo alluvial
gold field in Papua New Guinea, City Resources said.
    City Resources would progressively earn up to 66.66 pct of
RGC's Prospecting Authority 585, which covers all the field, by
spending a total of 6.5 mln kina, it said in a statement.
    It said it believed Bulolo was not fully exploited in the
past, noting the literature refers to heavy gold losses in
tailings during dredging from 1931 to 1967 which produced a
total of 2.1 mln ounces.
    City Resources also said previous dredging was only carried
out to a depth of 36 metres and high grade gold values are
reported to at least 60 metres in the central part of the
Bulolo Valley and possibly as deep as 90 metres.
    In its productive life, recovered average grade at Bulolo
was 0.3 rpt 0.3 grams a tonne from some 207 mln cubic metres of
gravel, it said. City Resources will act as operator.
    The Bulolo field, in Morobe Province, was the first
successful gold mining operation of &lt;Placer Development Ltd>
after it was floated in Canada in 1926. It operated the field
until dredging ceased in 1967.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17622>
Northgate Exploration Ltd said
hourly-paid workers at its two Chibougamau, Quebec mines voted
on the weekend to accept a new three-year contract offer and
returned to work today after a one-month strike.
    It said the workers, represented by United Steelworkers of
America, would receive a 1.21 dlr an hour pay raise over the
life of the new contract and improved benefits.
    Northgate, which produced 23,400 ounces of gold in first
quarter, said that while the strike slowed production, "We are
still looking forward to a very satisfactory performance."
    The Chibougamau mines produced 81,500 ounces of gold last
year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17632>
Northgate Exploration Ltd said
hourly-paid workers at its two Chibougamau, Quebec, mines voted
on the weekend to accept a three-year contract offer and
returned to work today after a one-month strike.
    It said the workers, represented by United Steelworkers of
America, would receive a 1.21-dlr-an-hour pay raise over the
life of the new contract and improved benefits.
    Northgate, which produced 23,400 ounces of gold in first
quarter, said that while the strike slowed production, "We are
still looking forward to a very satisfactory performance." The
Chibougamau mines produced 81,500 ounces of gold last year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17654>
The elimination of price limits on
precious metals contracts trading at the Commodity Exchange in
New York appears to be having little effect on the market,
analysts said.
    "There is nothing apparent from the change," said William
O'Neill, director of futures research at Elders Futures Inc.
"The market has not approached the old price limits and trading
is relative quiet, in narrow ranges," he added.
    Gold futures, which previously had a limit of 25 dlrs on
market moves in most back months, were about 7.00 dlrs weaker
in the nearby contracts amid thin conditions, traders said.
    On May 5, COMEX did away with price limits on the two
contracts following spot after a volatile market in silver
futures at the end of April caused severe disruptions.
    During the last week of April, silver futures traded up and
down the price limit in the back months, causing traders to
rush into the spot contract to offset those moves, analysts
said.  As a result, Elders' O'Neill said, there was much
confusion, many unmatched trades, and large losses.
    The COMEX fined Elders Futures and three other large firms
a total of 100,000 dlrs for failure to resolve unmatched trades
in a timely manner.
    Silver futures were trading about 30-40 cts weaker in the
nearby contracts amid quiet trading today.
    O'Neill said the elimination of price limits on all COMEX
metals futures would add caution to trading since all contracts
could move any distance.
    "This is amore realistic approach because the metals market
is a 24 hours market and prices can move without limit,"
O'Neill said.
    Paul Cain, a vice president at Shearson Lehman Brothers,
said the elimination of price limits will cut back on panic
buying or selling  and contribute to more orderly markets.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17714>
The elimination of limits on daily price
fluctuations for metals futures contracts traded on the
Commodity Exchange, COMEX, appears to be having little effect
on the market, analysts said.
    "There is nothing apparent from the change," said William
O'Neill, director of futures research at Elders Futures Inc.
    "The market has not approached the old price limits and
trading is relative quiet, in narrow ranges," he said.
    On May 5, COMEX eliminated price limits on the two
contracts following each spot delivery in gold, silver, copper
and aluminum futures after a review of its clearing operations,
which were severely tested by a volatile market in silver
futures at the end of April. COMEX announced Friday the lifting
of all daily limits, effective today.
    Gold futures, which previously had a limit of 25 dlrs per
ounce in most back months, were about 7.00 dlrs weaker in the
nearby contracts amid thin volume conditions, traders said.
    Silver futures, previously limited at 50 cents in most back
months, were trading about 30-40 cts weaker in the nearby
contracts amid quiet trading today.
    During the last week of April, silver futures often traded
at the daily allowable limit amid concerns about inflation, the
dollar, and other factors. Traders rushed into the spot, or
unlimited, contract to offset those moves, analysts said.
    As a result, O'Neill said, there was much confusion, many
unmatched trades, and large losses for some traders.
    The COMEX fined four large firms a total of 100,000 dlrs
for failure to resolve unmatched trades in a timely manner.
    Paul Cain, a vice president at Shearson Lehman Brothers,
said the elimination of price limits will cut back on panic
buying or selling and contribute to more orderly markets.
    O'Neill added that the elimination of daily limits would
add caution to trading.
    "This is a more realistic approach because the metals
market is a 24 hours market and prices can move without limit,"
O'Neill said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18176>
Skyline Explorations Ltd said expects
construction can begin next month on a gold mine at Johnny
Mountain Camp, located 600 miles north of Vancouver.
    The company said a contract has been let for a 200 to 400
tons per day mill and the company is receiving cooperation from
provincial and federal agencies on its stage one report,
"approval in principal," which is required before actual
construction can begin.
    Skyline said it is optimistic the approval in principal
will be received in late June, by which time it expects to have
confirmed threshold tonnage and grade targets so construction
can begin in July.
   
    Skyline said the 1987 exploration drift on 16 vien east at
Johnny Mountain has advanced 320 feet. The vein is continuous,
averaging four feet thick plus an altered mineralized hanging
wall.
    It said periodic face samples indicate an average grade of
1.05 ounces per ton of ore ranging from a low of 0.78 ounce per
ton to a high of 55.8 ounces per ton.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19152>
Total Erickson Resources Ltd and
Consolidated Silver Standard Mines Ltd &lt;CDS.V> said that Total
Erickson has purchased all Consolidated's interests in its Dome
Mountain property for 60,000 Total Erickson shares and 70,000
dlrs in cash.
    The companies said the property has several gold-bearing
veins and has considerable exploration potential.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19764>
U.S. Minerals Exploration Co said it and
Pegasus Gold Inc &lt;PGUL.O> of Spokane, Wash, officially
commissioned a new gold, zinc and lead producing mine.
    U.S. Minerals said the new Montana Tunnels Mine near
Helena, Mont, is expected to reach full production in August
1987. U.S. Minerals said the mine is designed to operate at an
average of 12,500 tons or ore per day and is projected to
produce 95,000 ounces of gold in 1988, plus significant
quantities of silver, lead and zinc.
    U.S. Minerals said it has a 50 pct net profit royalty
interest in the mine after payback of development costs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19802>
Gunnar Gold Inc said it and Mill City
Gold Inc signed an option and joint venture agreement with
Tyranex Gold Inc on the Tyranite gold property in Ontario.
    Gunnar said it and Mill City can earn a 50 pct interest in
Tyranex's option to buy the Tyranite gold mine by spending up
to five mln dlrs on exploration, development, and feasibility
studies by 1990.
    It said the companies may form a joint venture partnership
to bring the mine to full commercial production.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19808>
Gunnar Gold Inc said it and Mill City
Gold Inc signed an option and joint venture agreement with
Tyranex Gold Inc on the Tyranite gold property in Ontario.
    Gunnar said it and Mill City can earn a 50 pct interest in
Tyranex's option to buy the Tyranite gold mine by spending up
to five mln dlrs on exploration, development, and feasibility
studies by 1990.
    It said the companies may form a joint venture partnership
to bring the mine to full commercial production.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20699>
Sphinx Mining Inc said leased
mining claims in Alaska could produce revenues between 322 mln
dlrs and 966 mln dlrs from gold reserves.
    The range of the value of the reserves is attributed to the
wide range of grade estimates of the ore, the company said.
    A 1984 feasibility study put the grade at 0.008 ounces per
cubic yard, while subsequent exploration work proved that areas
of higher-grade gravel of up to 0.027 ounces/yard do exist,
Sphinx said.
    The claims are located 80 miles northwest of Fairbanks.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21293>
Mining group Boliden AB said it had
agreed with Saudi state agency General Petroleum and Mineral
Organisation (Petromin) to open a gold mine in Saudi Arabia to
exploit one of the world's richest deposits of the metal.
    Boliden spokesman Goran Paulson told Reuters the Swedish
group would  be responsible for the technical side of the
operation and would have no control over the product itself.
    He said one option under discussion for refining the gold
ore would be to ship it to Boliden's Ronnskar copper smelter in
northern Sweden.
    Paulson declined to give a figure for the deal but said it
was strategically important since it increased Boliden's
presence in Saudi Arabia.
    "Representatives from Petromin have visited Ronnskar
already...We see Saudi Arabia as the expansion area of the
future," he said.
    The new mine, which is being developed at Mahd adh Dhahab
in the west of the country and should open in the first half of
1988, would have an annual output of about 3,000 kilos of gold
smelted from around 120,000 tons of ore, he said.
    Boliden already owns 50 pct of a gold ore deposit in Saudi
Arabia, but the new venture will be the first Saudi mine to
open in modern times.
    "This is a breakthrough for Boliden's sales of mining
technology and knowhow," said the group's chief executive, Kjell
Nilsson.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21314>
Arizona Silver Corp
said diamond drilling on its Burro Creek Mine Property, located
65 miles southeast of Kingman, Ariz., has begun.
    The company said a report indicated that the Burro Creek
project area which covers 800 acres, could have potential
reserves of three to four mln tons of gold and silver
mineralization.
    Drill sites have been established and a diamond drilling
program consisting of an initial 5,000 feet of drilling began
October 13, the company said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21576>
Six black miners have been killed
and two injured in a rock fall three km underground at a South
African gold mine, the owners said on Sunday.
    &lt;Rand Mines Properties Ltd>, one of South Africa's big six
mining companies, said in a statement that the accident
occurred on Saturday morning at the &lt;East Rand Proprietary
Mines Ltd> mine at Boksburg, 25 km east of Johannesburg.
    A company spokesman could not elaborate on the short
statement.
 REUTER
</BODY>
