<BODY DOCID=14828>
A survey of 19 provinces and seven cities
showed vermin consume between seven and 12 pct of China's grain
stocks, the China Daily said.
    It also said that each year 1.575 mln tonnes, or 25 pct, of
China's fruit output are left to rot, and 2.1 mln tonnes, or up
to 30 pct, of its vegetables. The paper blamed the waste on
inadequate storage and bad preservation methods.
    It said the government had launched a national programme to
reduce waste, calling for improved technology in storage and
preservation, and greater production of additives. The paper
gave no further details.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14832>
Thailand's trade deficit widened to 4.5
billion baht in the first quarter of 1987 from 2.1 billion a
year ago, the Business Economics Department said.
    It said Janunary/March imports rose to 65.1 billion baht
from 58.7 billion. Thailand's improved business climate this
year resulted in a 27 pct increase in imports of raw materials
and semi-finished products.
    The country's oil import bill, however, fell 23 pct in the
first quarter due to lower oil prices.
    The department said first quarter exports expanded to 60.6
billion baht from 56.6 billion.
    Export growth was smaller than expected due to lower
earnings from many key commodities including rice whose
earnings declined 18 pct, maize 66 pct, sugar 45 pct, tin 26
pct and canned pineapples seven pct.
    Products registering high export growth were jewellery up
64 pct, clothing 57 pct and rubber 35 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14841>
Food Department officials said the U.S.
Department of Agriculture approved the Continental Grain Co
sale of 52,500 tonnes of soft wheat at 89 U.S. Dlrs a tonne C
and F from Pacific Northwest to Colombo.
    They said the shipment was for April 8 to 20 delivery.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14858>
Japan's Agriculture Ministry, angered by
U.S. Demands that Japan open its farm products market, will
tell U.S. Officials at talks later this month that
liberalisation would harm existing U.S. Farm exports to Japan,
a senior ministry official said.
    "Imports from the U.S. Would drop due to active sales drives
by other suppliers," the official, who declined to be named,
said. "Japan is the largest customer for U.S. Farm products and
it is not reasonable for the U.S. To demand Japan liberalise
its farm import market," he said.
    Agriculture Minister Mutsuki Kato has said if the U.S.
Insists Japan open its protected rice market it will also open
its wheat market, where volume and origin are regulated to
protect local farmers.
    Australia and Canada could then increase their wheat
exports as they are more competitive than the U.S., He said.
End-users would also buy other origins, grain traders said.
    U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng, who is due to
visit Japan for talks between April 16-27, has said he will ask
Japan to offer a share of its rice market to U.S. Suppliers and
remove quotas on U.S. Beef and citrus imports.
    Other countries are already cutting into the U.S. Market
share here. Australia, the largest beef supplier to Japan, has
been trying to boost exports prior to the expiry of a four-year
beef accord next March 31.
    Imports of U.S. Corn have fallen due to increased sales
from China and South America, while Japanese soybean imports
from Brazil are expected to rise sharply this year, although
the U.S. Will remain the largest supplier.
    U.S. Feedgrain sales will also drop if Japan opens up its
beef imports, since Japan depends almost entirely on feedgrain
imports, mainly from the U.S., Japanese officials said.
    An indication of the U.S. Position came last December when
Under Secretary of Agriculture Daniel Amstutz said Japan has
the potential to provide one of the largest boosts to U.S.
Agricultural exports, with the beef market alone representing
some one billion dlrs in new business.
    The U.S. Has also asked the General Agreement on Tariffs
and Trade to investigate the legality of Japanese import
controls on 12 other farm products, including fruit juices,
purees and pulp, tomato juice, ketchup and sauce, peanuts,
prepared beef products and miscellaneous beans.
    To help calm heated trade relations with the U.S., Japan's
top business group Keidanren has urged the government to remove
residual import restrictions on agricultural products.
    But Agriculture Minister Kato has ruled out any emotional
reaction, and the senior ministry official said the farm issue
should not become a scapegoat for trade pressure in the
industrial sector.
    "Japan is the largest buyer of U.S. Farm products, and these
issues should not be discussed on the same table," the official
said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15033>
The Zambian government has no immediate
plans to follow last week's increase in the producer price of
maize with a hike in the retail price of maize meal, an
official of the ruling party said.
    Last December, a 120 pct increase in the consumer price for
refined maize meal, a Zambian staple, led to food riots in
which at least 15 people died.
    That price increase, which President Kenneth Kaunda later
revoked, followed pressure by the International Monetary Fund
(IMF) to reduce the government's subsidy bill.
    However, if the producer price rise, from 6.10 dlrs to 8.67
dlrs per 90-kg bag, is not accompanied by a retail price
increase, the government will have to spend more on subsidies,
a practice discouraged by the IMF.
    "There is no way out but to raise the subsidy levels of
meal. It (the government) would have to choose between the
demands of the IMF and those of the people," a Ministry of
Agriculture economist said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15043>
Argentine grain producers adjusted
their yield estimates for the 1986/87 coarse grain crop
downward in the week to yesterday after the heavy rains at the
end of March and beginning of April, trade sources said.
    They said sunflower, maize and sorghum production estimates
had been reduced despite some later warm, dry weather, which
has allowed a return to harvesting in some areas.
    However, as showers fell intermittently after last weekend,
producers feared another spell of prolonged and intense rain
could cause more damage to crops already badly hit this season.
    Rains in the middle of last week reached an average of 27
millimetres in parts of Buenos Aires province, 83 mm in
Cordoba, 41 in Santa Fe, 50 in Entre Rios and Misiones, 95 in
Corrientes, eight in Chaco and 35 in Formosa.
    There was no rainfall in the same period in La Pampa.
    Producers feared continued damp conditions could produce
rotting and lead to still lower yield estimates for all the
crops, including soybean.
    However, as the lands began drying later in the week
harvesting advanced considerably, reaching between 36 and 40
pct of the area sown in the case of sunflower.
    Deterioration of the sunflower crop evident in harvested
material in Cordoba, La Pampa and Buenos Aires forced yield
estimates per hectare to be adjusted down again.
    The season's sunflowerseed production is now forecast at
2.1 mln to 2.3 mln tonnes, against 2.2 mln to 2.4 mln forecast
last week and down 43.9 to 48.8 pct on the 1985/86 record of
4.1 mln.
    Area sown to sunflowers was two to 2.2 mln hectares, 29.9
to 36.3 pct below the record 3.14 mln hectares last season.
    Maize harvesting has also reached 36 to 40 pct of the area
sown. It is near completion in Cordoba and Santa Fe and will
begin in La Pampa and southern Buenos Aires later in April.
    Production estimates for maize were down from last week at
9.5 mln to 9.8 mln tonnes, against 9.6 mln to 9.9 mln estimated
previously.
    This is 22.2 to 23.4 pct below the 12.4 mln to 12.6 mln
tonnes estimated by private sources for the 1985/86 crop and
21.9 to 25.8 pct down on the official figure of 12.8 mln
tonnes.
    Maize was sown on 3.58 mln to 3.78 mln hectares, two to
seven pct down on last season's 3.85 mln.
    Sorghum was harvested on 23 to 25 pct of the area sown in
Cordoba, Santa Fe and Chaco. Harvest will start in La Pampa and
Buenos Aires in mid-April.
    The total area sown was 1.23 mln to 1.30 mln hectares, 10.3
to 15.2 pct down on the 1.45 mln sown last season.
    The new forecast for the sorghum crop is 2.9 mln to 3.2 mln
tonnes compared with three mln to 3.3 mln forecast last week,
and is 23.8 to 29.3 pct down on last season's 4.1 mln to 4.2
mln tonne crop.
    The soybean crop for this season was not adjusted,
remaining at a record 7.5 mln to 7.7 mln tonnes, up 4.2 to 5.5
pct on the 7.2 mln to 7.3 mln estimated by private sources for
1985/86 and 5.6 to 8.5 pct higher than the official figure of
7.1 mln.
    The area sown to soybeans this season was a record 3.7 mln
to 3.8 mln hectares, 10.8 to 13.8 pct up on the record 3.34 mln
sown in 1985/86.
    The soybean crop is showing excessive moisture in some
areas and producers fear they may discover more damage. Some
experimental harvesting was carried out in Santa Fe on areas
making up only about one pct of the total crop but details on
this were not available.
    Preparation of the fields for the 1987/88 wheat crop, which
will be sown between May and August or September, has so far
not been as intense as in previous years.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15097>
Honduras will tender April 13 under
Public Law 480 for approximately 52,500 tonnes of various
wheats in bulk, an agent for the country said.
    The agent said Honduras is seeking U.S. no. 2 or better
northern spring/DNS, with 14 pct protein minimum and 13 pct
moisture maximum, and U.S. no. 2 or better hard red winter,
with 12 pct protein minimum and 13 pct moisture maximum.
    The agent said NS/DNS laydays include July 1-10 for
7,500-9,500 tonnes, Aug 1-10 for 8,000-10,000 tonnes, and Sept
15-25 for 12,500-14,500 tonnes.
    HRW laydays include June 20-30 on 5,000-7,000 tonnes, July
15-25 for 6,500-8,500 tonnes, and September 15-25 for
7,000-9,000 tonnes.
    Offers are due by 1550 hrs EDT, April 13, and will remain
valid until 1000 hrs EDT, April 14, the agent said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15106>
Storage problems with Brazil's record
grain crop are likely to result in losses of about five mln
tonnes, an Agriculture Ministry spokesman said.
    Ministry spokesman Leonardo Brito, speaking from Brasilia,
told Reuters he believed that about five mln tonnes of this
year's estimated crop of 65 mln tonnes would be lost.
    He said part of this would be the normal loss inevitable in
harvesting, but that most of it would stem from storage
problems.
    Brazil has a storage capacity of 66 mln tonnes,
theoretically sufficient for the crop.
    But Brito said that the storage capacity was badly
distributed. The states of Sao Paulo, Parana and Rio Grande do
Sul had between them 70 pct of the nation's capacity, but were
responsible for only 50 to 60 pct of production.
    The biggest problems are concentrated in the Centre-West
growing regions, where rising production has outpaced storage
capacity.
    Brito said the Centre-West, whose crops include soya and
maize, had between 30 and 40 pct of the nation's grains
production but only 20 pct of its storage space.
    In addition to the poor distribution of storage units,
there is the problem that too much of the capacity is geared to
storing grain in sacks, while not enough is suitable for
storing loose grain, Brito said.
    Finally, there is a shortage of lorries to transport the
crops.
    The sheer scale of the task in transporting the record crop
has been evident from television reports, which have shown
enormous queues of lorries waiting outside granaries.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15132>
Tunisia is expected to tender April 14 for
100,000 tonnes of French soft wheat for delivery between May
and August and which would be covered by the French export
credit agency, COFACE, export credits, traders said here.
    No official tender has been announced yet by Tunisia, they
said.
    France has sold a total of 200,000 tonnes of soft wheat to
Tunisia since the begining of the current campaign which was
covered by COFACE export credits. Of this amount, a total of
150,000 tonnes was exported by March 1, they said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15271>
The Commodity Credit Corporation has
accepted a bid for an export bonus to cover a sale of 12,500
tonnes of wheat flour to Iraq, the U.S. AGriculture Department
said.
    The bonus awarded was 113.0 dlrs per tonne and will be paid
to Peavey Company in the form of commodities from CCC stocks.
    The wheat flour is for delivery May 15-June 15, 1987, the
department said.
    An additional 162,500 tonnes of wheat flour are still
available to Iraq under the Export Enhancement Program
initiative announced January 7, 1987, USDA said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15273>
Egypt has been authorized to purchase
about 200,000 tonnes of U.S. wheat under an existing PL-480
agreement, the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    It may buy the wheat, valued at 22.0 mln dlrs, between
April 15 and August 31, 1987, and ship it from U.S. ports by
September 30, the department said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15287>
South Korea's purchase of about 2.4
mln tonnes of U.S. corn in the past six months -- close to
double last year's total -- indicates that imports from the
United States, as well as total imports are set for a dramatic
jump, the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    In its World Production and Trade Report, the department
said total South Korea corn imports for the 1986/87 season
(Oct-Sept) are estimated at 4.3 mln tonnes, with about 3.4 mln
tonnes from the United States.
    During the 1985/86 season, imports totaled only 1.3 mln
tonnes of U.S. corn out of a total of 3.6 mln tonnes.
    Ite appears the Koreans are shifting back to U.S. corn in
light of competitive U.S. prices and uncertain supplies from
China, Argentina and South Africa, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15303>
The U.S. Agriculture Department is
seeking public comments on the question of adjusting the
Commodity Credit Corporation's (CCC) discount and premium
schedules to improve the quality of grain it accepts as loan
collateral or under price support programs.
    The premiums and discounts schedule are based on quality
factors such as moisture content and kernel damage. The
schedule stipulates the premiums and discounts used for valuing
grain the CCC accepts or purchases during the year.
    The department said it is possible that producers could be
encouraged to delivery higher quality grain to CCC by adjusting
the premiums and discounts.
    Comments are due by April 24 and a report to Congress is
required by law by May 10.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15341>
The U.S. Agriculture Department is
currently discussing an amendment to a PL 480 agreement signed
with Morocco on January 22, but the mix of commodities under
the amendment has not been determined, a U.S. Agriculture
Department official said.
    The official noted the agreement signed in January provided
for the supply of about 55,000 tonnes of vegetable oil, 55,000
tonnes of corn and 126,000 tonnes of wheat, all for delivery
during the current fiscal year, ending this September 30.
    No purchase authorizations for the commodities provided in
the January agreement have been announced by the department.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15367>
The Agriculture Ministry declined comment
on a local newspaper report that Japan had agreed to hold talks
on its closed rice market in the new GATT round.
    "We have no idea about the report and cannot comment," a
spokesman told Reuters.
    Nihon Keizai Shinbun, quoting unnamed government sources,
said Japan would tell U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng
and U.S. Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter of its
intentions. The two are due to visit Japan later this month for
farm talks.
    The U.S. Has been pressing Japan to discuss the rice issue
at the new round of General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
talks. But Japan has said GATT is not the right forum.
    Imports of rice to Japan are banned under the Foodstuff
Control Act.
    Nihon Keizai said Japan's plan resulted from worries about
mounting trade tension with the U.S. At the GATT talks, Japan
will try to persuade the U.S. That its rice policy is
justified, it said.
    The 93-nation world trade body began the Uruguay trade
round last September. It will take four years to negotiate.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15388>
Pests and disease, which destroyed 1.1
mln tonnes of wheat in China in 1986, are threatening crops on
11.64 mln hectares this year, the China Daily said.
    About 14.54 mln hectares of wheat were affected in 1986.
    The paper said abnormal weather conditions had encouraged
the spread of wheat midges in 2.47 mln hectares in Shanxi,
Henan, Sichuan, Anhui, Hebei and Jiangsu.
    In Henan, Shandong and Hebei wheat aphids are affecting
4.67 mln hectares, wheat red mite 2.8 mln hectares and wheat
powdery mildew 1.7 mln hectares.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15472>
The U.N. Food and Agriculture Organisation
(FAO) said global wheat and coarse grain output was likely to
fall in 1987 but supplies would remain adequate to meet demand.
    FAO said in its monthly food outlook bulletin total world
grain output was expected to fall 38 mln tonnes to 1,353 mln in
1987, due mainly to unusually high winter losses in the Soviet
Union, drought in China and reduced plantings in North America.
    World cereal stocks at the end of 1986/87 were forecast to
rise 47 mln tonnes to a record 452 mln tonnes, softening the
impact of reduced production. But stocks are unevenly
distributed, with about 50 pct held by the U.S.
    "Thus the food security prospects in 1987/88 for many
developing countries, particularly in Africa, depend crucially
on the outcome of this year's harvests," FAO said.
    FAO said world cereal supplies in 1986/87 were estimated at
a record 2,113 mln tonnes, about five pct higher than last
season and due mainly to large stocks and a record 1986
harvest, estimated at 1,865 mln tonnes.
    FAO's forecast of 1986/87 world cereals trade was revised
upwards by eight mln tonnes to 179 mln due to the likelihood of
substantial buying by China and the Soviet Union.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15500>
The Argentine Grain Board adjusted
minimum export prices of grain and oilseed products in dlrs per
tonne FOB, previous in brackets, as follows:
    Sorghum 64 (63), sunflowerseed cake and expellers 103 (102)
, pellets 101 (100), meal 99 (98), linseed oil 274 (264),
groundnutseed oil 450 (445), soybean oil 300 (290), rapeseed
oil 290 (280).
    Sunflowerseed oil for shipment through May 323 (313) and
june onwards 330 (320).
    The board also adjusted export prices at which export taxes
are levied in dlrs per tonne FOB, previous in brackets, as
follows:
    Bran pollard wheat 40 (42), pellets 42 (44).
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15531>
Moderately active grain fixing was
reported out of the U.S. But none of the business involved the
significant voyages to the Continent or Japan, ship brokers
said.
    A steady 13.50 dlrs was paid from the U.S. Gulf to Morocco
and 23.25 dlrs was paid for 27,000 long tons from the Gulf to
Taiwan. A vessel carrying 13,500 long tons of bagged wheat
flour from the Gulf to Aqaba received a lump sum of 472,500
dlrs.
    Grain from the Great Lakes to Algeria made 28 dlrs against
27.75 paid for similar fixing towards the end of March.
    Market talk suggested a Federal Commerce vessel had been
booked to move grain from the Great Lakes to Morocco on Comanav
account at about 22 dlrs and 15.50 had been paid for a cargo of
oilseeds from British Columbia to Japan, but no confirmation
was obtainable.
    On the Continent, shippers agreed 19 dlrs for wheat from La
Pallice to Buenaventura and 10.75 dlrs for grain from Ghent to
Naples/Venice range. Elsewhere, maize from East London to Japan
paid 22 dlrs.
    Soviet charterers reappeared in the timecharter sector and
secured a 30,000 tonner from Savona for a trans-Atlantic round
trip at 4,450 dlrs daily and a 31,000 tonner from
Antwerp-Hamburg for a similar voyage at 4,250 dlrs daily.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15567>
India's national foodgrain target has
been fixed at 160 mln tonnes in 1987/88 (Apr-Mar), unchanged
from the 1986/87 target, the Agriculture Ministry said in its
annual report for 1986/87.
    Actual output was estimated at 151 mln tonnes in 1986/87
due to failure of monsoon rains in 15 out of 35 meterological
sub-divisions of the country.
    The report gave the targets for various crops with
estimated harvested crops in 1986/87 in brackets as following,
in mln tonnes - rice 65 (60), wheat 49 (49), coarse grains
including sorghum and millets 32 (29) and pulses 14 (13).
    Despite failure of monsoon rains in recent years, it was
possible to maintain higher foodgrain production, signifying
growing resilience in agricultural sector, the report said.
    The strategy for increasing irrigation potential along with
greater use of high yielding seed varieites and improvement in
fertiliser efficiency is yielding results, it said, adding
total foodgrain output in 1985/86, 1984/85 and 1983/84
respectively was 150.5 mln tonnes, 145.5 mln and a record 152.4
mln.
   India has targeted to produce between 178 and 183 mln tonnes
of foodgrains by the last year of the seventh five-year
development plan ending March 31, 1990.
    Taking the midpoint of 180 mln tonnes as the target and the
1986/87 estimated production of around 151 mln tonnes, the gap
of 29 mln tonnes has to be made up during the remaining three
years of the plan by increasing grain output annually by more
than nine mln tonnes. But the target can be achieved only with
good weather, the report said.
    "The major thrust programme will, therefore, be better water
(irrigation) management. Simultaneously, efforts for spread of
improved technology including timely use of inputs (farm
materials like fertilisers) in adequate quantities have to be
vigrously pursued," it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15572>
Egypt bought 125,723 tonnes of U.S.
wheat flour in its PL 480 tender yesterday, trade sources said.
    The purchase included 51,880 tonnes for May shipment and
73,843 tonnes for June shipment. Price details were not
available.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15580>
ARGENTINE GRAIN BELT TEMPERATURES
(CENTIGRADE) AND RAIN (MM) IN THE 24 HOURS TO 12.00 GMT WERE:
    ...............MAX TEMP..MIN TEMP..RAINFALL
    BUENOS AIRES.......24.......12............0
    BAHIA BLANCA.......22........7............0
    TRES ARROYOS.......22........8............0
    TANDIL.............22........7............0
    JUNIN..............24.......11............0
    SANTA ROSA.........--........6............0
    CORDOBA............23.......12............1
    SANTA FE...........21.......18...........17 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15582>
Yugoslavia will tender April 14 for
100,000 tonnes of wheat, the U.S. Agriculture Department's
Counselor in Belgrade said in a field report.
    The report, dated April 7, said the wheat must be from 1986
and 1987 harvest, and imports of soft wheat from Europe and
from other suppliers will not be considered.
    It said the imports will be used to rebuild the federal
reserves and as a result will not be subject to import
surcharges.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15618>
French operators have requested licences
to export 320,000 tonnes of free market barley, 225,000 tonnes
of maize, 25,000 tonnes of free market bread-making wheat and
20,000 tonnes of feed wheat at today's EC tender, trade sources
said.
    For the barley, rebates of between 138 and 141.25 European
currency units (Ecus) per tonne were sought, for maize they
were between 129.65 and 139 Ecus, for bread-making wheat around
145 Ecus and for feed wheat around 142.45 Ecus.
    Barley rebates of up to 138.50 Ecus were requested for a
total of 40,000 tonnes and at 139 Ecus for 85,000 tonnes.
    Rebates of up to 130 Ecus per tonne were requested for a
total of 55,000 tonnes maize and up to 131 Ecus for 105,000
tonnes, the sources said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15676>
The European Commission authorised the
export of 65,000 tonnes of free market barley at today's tender
at a maximum rebate of 138.75 European currency units and
55,000 tonnes of French maize at 130 Ecus, grain traders here
said.
    It rejected bids for breadmaking and feed wheat, they said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15686>
Based on field travel in the
Brazilian state of Parana, soybean yields should be about
average or 2.0 to 2.2 tonnes per hectare, the U.S. Agriculture
Department's officer in Sao Paulo said in a field report.
    The report, dated March 24, noted Parana accounts for about
20 to 24 pct of Brazil's total soybean crop.
    It said generally favorable weather from early December
through February helped compensate for earlier dryness.
    However, hot, dry weather during the past 20 to 30 days
followed by an unseasonably brief cold spell during the second
week of march has raised concern about late planted soybeans
which are still immature, but the impact may be localized, the
report said.
    The corn crop is expected to be a record and will create
serious storage problems, the report said.
    Due to favorable support prices, corn area increased by
more than 25 pct at the expense of soybeans, and yields are
expected to be above average, it said.
    Due to late plantings only about 20 pct of the corn crop
crop has been harvested.
    During the field trip long truck lines were noted at grain
elevators where preference is given to soybeans over corn, the
report said.
    New crop wheat plantings are expected to decline  -- Parana
accounts for about 60 pct of total production. Major reasons
for the decline are expected reduced government support price
and good summer crop harvests.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15710>
Ten grain ships were loading and 14
were waiting to load at New Orleans elevators, trade sources
said.
 ELEVATOR                     LOADING  WAITING
 Continental Grain, Westwego     1      6
 Mississippi River, Myrtle Grove 1      0
 ADM Growmark                    1      4
 Bunge Grain, Destrehan          1      0
    ELEVATOR                LOADING  WAITING
 ST CHARLES DESTREHAN         1      1
 RESERVE ELEVATOR CORP        1      0
 PEAVEY CO, ST ELMO           1      0
 CARGILL GRAIN, TERRE HAUTE   2      1
 CARGILL GRAIN, PORT ALLEN    0      0
 ZEN-NOH                      1      2
 reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15720>
The European Commission was authorised
to buy up to one mln tonnes of maize into intervention stores
in the second half of June, although sales into intervention
normally end on April 30, Commission sources said.
    They said approval was given by the EC's Cereals Management
Committee because of the possible disturbance of the market due
to heavy imports of maize under the agreement between the EC
and the United States.
    The agreement guarantees access to the Spanish market for
two mln tonnes of non-EC maize a year for the next four years.
    The sources said the intervention price for the maize would
be 201.49 Ecus a tonne.
    They said at this price it seemed unlikely that the full
    They added the decision is also designed to prevent massive
offers of maize for intervention just ahead of the normal April
30 deadline, which could be caused by speculation about the
implementation of the accord with the United States.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15726>
27,000 long tons
USG/Taiwan 23.25 dlrs fio five days/1,500 1-10/5 Continental.
    Trade Banner - 30,000 long tons grain USG/Morocco 13.50
dlrs 5,000/5,000 end-April/early-May Comanav.
    Reference New York Grain Freights 1 of April 8, ship
brokers say the vessel fixed by Cam from the Great Lakes to
Algeria at 28 dlrs is reported to be the Vamand Wave.
    Reference New York Grain Freights 2 of April 8, they say
the Cory Grain maize business from East London at 22 dlrs is to
Japan and not to Spain as reported.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15728>
Antwerp/Libya 5,500 mt bagged flour 14
daps 24-27/4.
    New Orleans/Guanta 9,387 mt bulk hss 3,000/13 days
25-4/5-5.
    Naantali/Saudi Red Sea 30,000/35,000 mt barley 4,000/3,000
20-30/4 or early May.
    Dunkirk/Xingang 12,000 mt bagged flour 1,500/1,700 13-20/4.
    Toledo/Seaforth 17,000 mt hss offers 18.50 dlrs four
days/8,000 13-15/4.
    River Plate/Malaysia 20,000/22,000 long tons hss
2,000/2,000 Apr.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15836>
Egypt has cancelled its April 2 tender for
200,000 tonnes of any origin wheat for April 15-30 shipment,
trade and Egyptian official sources said.
    Trade sources said the cancellation followed an offer by an
Egyptian company, Islamic Corp, at 85.80 dlrs/tonne cost and
freight, undercutting other traders' offers of between 93.90
and 94.49 dlrs/tonne.
    An Egyptian trade official in Paris confirmed cancellation
of the tender following the Islamic Corp offer, which he said
the government had refused for legal reasons.
    The official denied trade reports that the government might
have substituted a private deal with Islamic Corp for the
original tender.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15853>
Following are highlights of the U.S.
Agriculture Department supply/demand projections for the
1986/87 seasons, in mln bushels, with comparisons, unless noted
--
    Corn -- Stocks, Aug 31, 1987, at 5,240, vs 5,595 last
month. Stocks, Aug 31, 1986, at 4,040, vs 4,040 last month.
    Exports projected at 1,375, vs 1,250 last month. Exports in
1985/86 at 1,241, vs 1,241 last month.
    Domestic use at 5,680, vs 5,450 last month. Usage in the
1985/86 season at 5,255, vs 5,255 last month.
    Wheat -- Stocks, May 31, 1987, projected at 1,848, vs 1,877
last month. Stocks on May 31, 1986, at 1,905, vs 1,905 last
month.
    Exports in 1986/87 season at 1,025, vs 1,025 last month.
1985/86 season at 915, vs 915 last month.
    Domestic use in 1986/87 at 1,134, vs 1,105 last month.
1985/86 at 1,045, vs 1,045 last month.
    Cotton -- in mln 480 lb bales - Stocks, July 31, 1987, at
5.40, vs 5.49 last month. Stocks July 31, 1986, at 9.35, vs
9.35 last month.
    Exports in 1986/87 season at 6.66, vs 6.76 last month.
Exports in 1985/86 - 1.96, vs 1.96 last month.
    Soybeans -- in mln bushels - Stocks, Aug 31, 1987,
projected at 610, vs 635 last month. Stocks Aug 31, 1986, at
536, vs 536 last month.
    Soybean crushings during 1986/87 - 1,130, vs 1,115 last
month. Crushings in 1985/86 at 1,053, vs 1,053 last month.
    Exports in 1986/87 season at 700, vs 700 last month.
Exports in 1985/86 at 740, vs 740 last month.
    Soybean Oil -- mln lbs - Stocks on Sept 30, 1987, at 1,360,
vs 1,200 last month. Stocks on Sept 30, 1986, at 947,  vs 947
last month.
    Exports in 1986/87 at 1,350, vs 1,350 last month.  Exports
in 1985/86 at 1,257, vs 1,257 last month.
    Soybean Cake/Meal -- thousand short tons - Stocks, Sept 30,
1987, at 270, vs 315 last month. Stocks, Sept 30, 1986, at 212,
vs 212 last month.
    Exports in 1986/87 season at 6,500, vs 6,350 last month. 
Exports in 1985/86 at 6,036, vs 6,008 last month.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15856>
The Soviet Union has added 175,600
tonnes of U.S. corn to its previous commitments for delivery in
the fourth year of the U.S.-USSR Grain Supply Agreement, which
began October 1, 1986, the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    According to the department's Export Sales Report, covering
transactions in the week ended April 2, corn transactions
consisted of 140,600 tonnes of new sales and changes in
destinations for 35,000 tonnes.
    Total corn commitments to the USSR  for delivery in the
fourth agreement year amount to 2,825,600 tonnes. The Soviets
have not purchased wheat or soybeans in the fourth year of the
agreement.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15860>
The U.S. Agriculture Department gave
projected carryover free stocks of feedgrains, corn and wheat
under loans, with comparisons, as follows, in mln bushels,
except feedgrains, which is in mln tonnes --
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Under Regular Nine Month Loan --
      WHEAT    225     300       678     678
 FEEDGRAINS   52.1    68.1      75.7    75.7
       CORN  1,800   2,400     2,589   2,589
 Special Producer Storage Loan Program --
      WHEAT    165     150       163     163
 FEEDGRAINS    7.0     6.7       5.3     5.3
       CORN    200     200       147     147
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15863>
The U.S. Agriculture Department
forecast the Soviet 1986/87 wheat crop at 92.30 mln tonnes, vs
92.30 mln tonnes last month. It put the 1985/86 crop at 78.10
mln tonnes, vs 78.10 mln tonnes last month.
    Soviet 1986/87 coarse grain production is estimated at
103.30 mln tonnes, vs 103.30 mln tonnes last month. Production
in 1985/86 is projected at 99.99 mln tonnes, vs 100.00 mln
tonnes last month.
    USSR wheat imports are forecast at 15.00 mln tonnes in
1986/87, vs 15.00 mln tonnes last month. Imports in 1985/86 are
put at 15.70 mln tonnes, vs 15.70 mln tonnes last month. USDA
estimated Soviet 1986/87 coarse grain imports at 12.00 mln
tonnes, vs 10.00 mln tonnes last month, and 1985/86 imports at
13.70 mln tonnes, vs 13.70 mln tonnes last month.
    USDA said Soviet coarse grain imports include 1986/87 corn
imports, which it forecast at 8.00 mln tonnes, vs 6.00 mln
tonnes last month. Corn imports in 1985/86 are estimated at
10.40 mln tonnes, vs 10.40 mln last month.
    Total Soviet grain imports in 1986/87, at 28.0 mln tonnes,
include one mln tonnes of miscellaneous grains.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15864>
The U.S. Agriculture Department gave
the 1986/87 breakdown of supply and distribution for wheats by
classes, in mln bushels, with comparisons, as follows.
    HARD WINTER --
                1986/87           1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stocks 1,009   1,009      717     717
 Production   1,018   1,018    1,230   1,230
 Ttl Supply-X 2,027   2,027    1,947   1,947
 Domestic Use   599     579      543     543
 Exports        450     475      395     395
 Total Use    1,049   1,054      938     938
 End Stocks     978     973    1,009   1,009
 Note - Season begins June 1. X-Includes imports
    HARD SPRING --
                1986/87           1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stocks   498     498      371     371
 Production     451     451      460     460
 Ttl Supply-X   956     956      838     838
 Domestic Use   218     192      174     174
 Exports        200     190      166     166
 Total Use      418     382      340     340
 End Stocks     538     574      498     498
 Note - Season begins June 1. X-Includes imports.
    SOFT RED --
               1986/87           1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stocks   79     79       64     64
 Production    290    290      368    368
 Ttl Supply-X  369    369      432    432
 Domestic Use  181    193      204    204
 Exports       120    120      149    149
 Total Use     301    313      353    353
 End Stocks     68     56       79     79
 Note - Season begins June 1. X-Includes imports
    WHITE --
               1986/87           1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stocks  198    198      173    173
 Production    232    232      254    254
 Ttl Supply-X  433    433      430    430
 Domestic Use   82     83       80     80
 Exports       170    160      152    152
 Total Use     252    243      232    232
 End Stocks    181    190      198    198
 Note - Season begins June 1. X-Includes imports.
    DURUM --
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stocks   121    121      100    100
 Production      95     95      113    113
 Ttl Supply-X   221    221      218    218
 Domestic Use    54     58       44     44
 Exports         85     80       53     53
 Total Use      139    138       97     97
 End Stocks      82     83      121    121
 Note - Season begins June 1. X-Includes Imports.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15866>
The U.S. Agriculture Department
forecast Argentina's 1986/87 coarse grain crop at 13.99 mln
tonnes, vs 15.44 mln tonnes last month. It estimated the
1985/86 crop at 17.06 mln tonnes, vs 17.14 mln last month.
    USDA forecast Argentina's 1986/87 wheat crop at 9.00 mln
tonnes, vs 9.00 mln tonnes last month, while the 1985/86 crop
was projected at 8.50 mln tonnes, vs 8.50 mln last month.
    USDA forecast Argentine 1986/87 coarse grain exports at
6.60 mln tonnes, vs 7.73 mln tonnes last month, and projected
1985/86 exports at 9.43 mln tonnes, vs 9.58 mln last month.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15868>
The U.S. Agriculture Department
forecast Australia's 1986/87 wheat crop at 16.70 mln tonnes, vs
17.30 mln tonnes last month. It estimated 1985/86 output at
16.13 mln tonnes, vs 16.13 mln last month.
    Australian wheat exports in 1986/87 are forecast at 14.50
mln tonnes, vs 14.50 mln tonnes last month, while exports in
1985/86 are estimated at 15.96 mln tonnes, vs 15.96 mln last
month.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15869>
The U.S. Agriculture Department
projected China's 1986/87 wheat crop at 90.30 mln tonnes, vs
88.50 mln tonnes last month. It estimated the 1985/86 crop at
85.81 mln tonnes, vs 85.81 mln last month.
    USDA projected China's 1986/87 wheat imports at 7.00 mln
tonnes, vs 7.00 mln tonnes last month, and estimated 1985/86
imports at 6.60 mln tonnes, vs 6.60 mln last month.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15870>
The U.S. Agriculture Department
estimated Canada's 1986/87 wheat crop at 31.85 mln tonnes, vs
31.85 mln tonnes last month. It estimated 1985/86 output at
24.25 mln tonnes, vs 24.25 mln last month.
    Canadian 1986/87 coarse grain production is projected at
27.62 mln tonnes, vs 27.62 mln tonnes last month. Production in
1985/86 is estimated at 24.95 mln tonnes, vs 24.95 mln last
month.
    Canadian wheat exports in 1986/87 are forecast at 19.00 mln
tonnes, vs 19.00 mln tonnes last month. Exports in 1985/86 are
estimated at 17.72 mln tonnes, vs 17.71 mln last month.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15871>
The U.S. Agriculture Department gave
the net change in export commitments, including sales,
cancellations, foreign purchases and cumulative exports, in the
current seasons through the week ended April 2, with
comparisons, as follows, in tonnes, except as noted --
                        4/2/87   Prev Week
            All Wheat   119,800    368,300
                 Corn 1,001,900    927,000
             Soybeans   240,500    300,900
         Soy Cake/Meal  117,700    170,200
          Soybean Oil     2,400-x    8,100
            Cotton-Y     60,200     31,900
   x-minus total. Y-running bales.
    The indicated totals include reported commitments to both
named and unnamed destinations, sales on exporters' own account
and optional origin sales plus actual exports already made
during the respective marketing seasons.
    The USDA cautions that reported outstanding sales are
subject to modification, deferral or cancellation and it is
unlikely that all reported quantities will be exported.
    USDA gave detailed breakdowns for the 1986/87 and 1987/88
seasons as follows, in thousand tonnes unless stated --
 (A) - Firm sales to a declared destination.
 (B) - Ultimate destination not yet declared.
 (C) - Sales made on exporters' own account.
 (D) - Exporter holds option to fill commitment with supplies 
from origins other than U.S.
 (E) - Accumulated exports since season began based on data 
reported by exporters.
 (F) - Indicated total for season.
 (G) - USDA-projected exports for season.
 Note -- Totals may not add due to rounding.
     ALL WHEAT
                1986/87             1987/88
             4/2/87   Prev Wk  4/3/87 Prev Wk
 Named-A    3,157.6   3,684.1 1,591.4 1,635.6
 Unnamed-B    143.8     144.3    87.1    57.1
 E.O.A.-C       9.5       9.5     nil     nil
 O.O.P.-D       nil       nil     nil     nil
 Gr Total   3,310.9   3,837.9 1,679.0 1,692.7
 Ay Expd-E 21,044.6  20,433.4
 Ind Ttl-F 24,355.5  24,271.3
 USDAPRJ-G 27,900.0  27,900.0
    SOYBEANS
                 1986/87            1987/88
             4/2/87   Prev Wk   4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A    1,774.7  1,780.3     215.9   215.9
 Unnamed-B    500.3    524.8       nil    30.0
 E.O.A.-C      18.4     18.4       nil     nil
 O.O.P.-D       nil      nil       nil     nil
 Gr Total   2,293.4  2,323.5     215.9   245.9
 Ay Expd-E 14,334.2 14,183.2
 Ind Ttl-F 16,627.6 16,506.7
 USDAPRJ-G 19,050.0 19,050.0
    CORN
                1986/87             1987/88
            4/2/87    Prev Wk    4/2/87 Prev WK
 Named-A    8,559.8   8,684.8    772.1   268.8
 Unnamed-B    945.7     920.1      nil     nil
 E.O.A-C       90.8      66.9      nil     nil
 O.O.P-D      138.0     175.0      nil     nil
 Gr Total   9,734.3   9,846.9    772.1   268.8
 Ay Expd-E 20,296.0  19,293.8
 Ind Ttl-F 30,030.3  29,140.7
 USDAPRJ-G 31,750.0  31,750.0
    SORGHUM
                1986/87            1987/88
             4/2/87  Prev Wk    4/2/87 Prev WK
 Named-A      875.6    805.1     nil      nil
 Unnamed-B    151.2    151.2     10.2-x   nil
 E.O.A-C        nil      nil     nil      nil
 O.O.P-D      114.5    138.3     nil      nil
 Gr Total   1,141.3  1,094.6     10.2-x   nil
 Ay Expd-E  3,222.5  3,149.7
 Ind Ttl-F  4,363.8  4,244.3
 USDAPRJ-G  5,720.0  5,720.0
 x-minus total 
    WHEAT PRODUCTS
               1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87  Prev Wk   4/2/87   Prev Wk
 Named-A     321.0   401.9       nil    nil
 Unnamed-B     nil     nil       nil    nil
 E.O.A.-C      nil     nil       nil    nil
 O.O.P.-D      nil     nil       nil    nil
 Gr Total    321.0   401.9       nil    nil
 Ay Expd-E   926.9   840.9
 Ind Ttl-F 1,348.2 1,242.8
  Note - Includes bulgur, semolina, farina, rolled, cracked and
crushed wheat.
    SOYBEAN OIL
               1986/87           1987/88
           4/2/87  Prev Wk    4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A      8.8    10.4      nil     nil
 Unnamed-B    7.0    10.5      nil     nil
 E.O.A-C      nil     nil      nil     nil
 O.O.P-D      nil     nil      nil     nil
 Gr Total    15.8    20.9      nil     nil
 Ay Expd-E  138.4   135.8
 Ind Ttl-F  154.2   156.7
 USDAPRJ-G  610.0   610.0
    SOYBEAN CAKE AND MEAL
                1986/87             1987/88
             4/2/87  Prev Wk    4/2/87 Prev Wk
 Named-A      788.0    869.7    50.7      48.4
 Unnamed-B     76.0     94.0     nil       nil
 E.O.A-C        2.7      6.1     nil       nil
 O.O.P-D        nil      nil     nil       nil
 Gr Total     866.7    969.8    50.7      48.4
 Ay Expd-E  4,098.0  3,880.6
 Ind Ttl-F  4,964.7  4,850.4
 USDAPRJ-G  5,760.0  5,760.0
     COTTONSEED OIL
               1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87  Prev Wk   4/2/87   Prev Wk
 Named-A      7.4     7.2       nil     nil
 Unnamed-B    0.3     0.3       nil     nil
 E.O.A.-C     nil     nil       nil     nil
 O.O.P.-D     7.8     7.8       nil     nil
 Gr Total    15.4    15.2       nil     nil
    ALL UPLAND DOMESTIC RAW COTTON-Y
                1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87    Prev Wk   4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A    2,007.9  2,076.1     468.2   457.2
 Unnamed-B     20.3     20.2       nil     nil
 E.O.A-C        nil      nil       nil     nil
 O.O.P-C        nil      nil       nil     nil
 Gr Total   2,028.2  2,096.3     468.2   457.2
 Ay Expd-E  4,333.1  4,204.7
 Ind Ttl-F  6,361.3  6,301.0
 USDAPRJ-G  6,335.0  6,335.0
  Y-In thousand running bales.
    BARLEY
                 1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87   Prev Wk     4/2/87 Prev Wk
 Named-A      559.5    584.5      nil      nil
 Unnamed-B     12.7     12.7      nil      nil
 E.O.A.-C       nil      nil      nil      nil
 O.O.P.-D      25.0     25.0      nil      nil
 Gr Total     597.1    622.1      nil      nil
 Ay Expt-E  2,464.6  2,440.7
 Ind Ttl-F  3,061.7  3,062.8
 USDAPRJ-G  3,270.0  3,270.0
    OATS
             1986/87            1987/88
           4/2/87 Prev Wk    4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A     nil    nil       nil    nil
 Unnamed-B   nil    nil       nil    nil
 E.O.A.-C    nil    nil       nil    nil
 O.O.P.-D    nil    nil       nil    nil
 Gr Total    nil    nil       nil    nil
 Ay Expd-E   2.4    2.4
 Ind Ttl-F   2.4    2.4
 USDAPRJ-G  30.0   30.0
    RICE
                1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87   Prev Wk    4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A      347.6    369.1      nil     nil
 Unnamed-B      1.0      1.0      nil     nil
 E.O.A-C        nil      nil      nil     nil
 O.O.P-D        nil      nil      nil     nil
 Gr Total     348.6    370.1      nil     nil
 Ay Expd-E  1,718.8  1,688.2
 Ind Ttl-F  2,067.4  2,058.3
 USDAPRJ-G  2,580.0  2,580.0
    HARD RED WINTER WHEAT
               1986/87            1987/88
           4/2/87   Prev Wk     4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A   1,738.0  2,019.7     893.0   943.0
 Unnamed-B    80.5     70.5     107.6    77.2
 E.O.A.-C      nil      nil       nil     nil
 O.O.P.-D      nil      nil       nil     nil
 Gr Total  1,818.5  2,090.2   1,000.6 1,020.2
 Ay Exp-E  8,332.1  7,974.5
 Ind Tl-F 10,150.6 10,064.8
    WHITE WHEAT
               1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87  Prev Wk    4/2/87   Prev Wk
 Named-A     548.5    635.6     58.0    58.0
 Unnamed-B    19.0-x   19.0-x    6.0-x   6.0-x
 E.O.A.-C      nil      nil      nil     nil
 O.O.P.-D      nil      nil      nil     nil
 Gr Total    529.5    616.6     52.0    52.0
 Ay Exp-E  3,831.5  3,757.7
 Ind Tl-F  4,361.0  4,374.3
  x - denotes minus figure
    HARD RED SPRING WHEAT
              1986/87             1987/88
          4/2/87   Prev Wk    4/2/87   Prev Wk
 Named-A    576.6    620.6    164.7   164.7
 Unnamed-B   29.6     16.0      nil     nil
 E.O.A.-C     0.9      0.9      nil     nil
 O.O.P.-D     nil      nil      nil     nil
 Gr Total   607.1    637.5    164.7   164.7
 Ay Exp-E 4,312.4  4,247.6
 Ind Tl-F 4,919.5  4,885.1
     DURUM WHEAT
              1986/87              1987/88
           4/2/87   Prev Wk    4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A    166.6    280.3      93.4   93.4
 Unnamed-B   52.8     76.9       nil    nil
 E.O.A.-C     2.8      2.8       nil    nil
 O.O.P.-D     nil      nil       nil    nil
 Gr Total   222.2    360.0      93.4   93.4
 Ay Exp-E 1,842.6  1,727.5
 Ind Tl-F 2,064.8  2,087.5
    SOFT RED WINTER WHEAT
               1986/87             1987/88
            4/2/87  Prev Wk     4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A     127.8    127.8    382.3   376.5
 Unnamed-B     nil      nil     14.0-x  14.0-x
 E.O.A.-C      5.8      5.8      nil     nil
 O.O.P.-D      nil      nil      nil     nil
 Gr Total    133.6    133.6    368.3   362.5
 Ay Exp-E  2,726.0  2,726.0
 Ind Tl-F  2,859.6  2,859.6
 x-minus figure
    Country and destinations of the identified sales of
commodities reported by exporters in week ended April 2 for
the respective marketing seasons were detailed by the USDA as
follows, with comparisons for the previous week, in thousands
of tonnes, except where noted-- 
 ALL WHEAT  
               1986/87             1987/88
             4/2/87  Prev Wk   4/2/87   Prev Wk
 E.C.          nil     nil      50.0    50.0
 Other West
 Europe      218.8   236.8       nil     nil
 East Europe 261.0   346.0      25.0    25.0
    ALL WHEAT Continued
                 1986/87            1987/88
             4/2/87  Prev Wk    4/2/87  Prev Wk
 USSR           nil      nil      nil     nil
 Japan        490.4    662.2      nil     nil
 China         90.0     90.0    910.0   910.0
 Taiwan       115.0    141.0    144.0   144.0
 Other Asia and
 Oceania      654.9    730.9     28.6    78.6
 Africa       959.5  1,115.0    167.1   167.1
 Western
 Hemisphere   367.9    362.1    266.7   260.9
 SOYBEANS        1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87   Prev Wk   4/2/87   Prev Wk
 E.C.        302.2     317.7    91.4     91.4
 Other West
 Europe       25.0      25.0     nil      nil
 East Europe 101.0     101.0     nil      nil
 Japan       355.4     330.5     nil      nil
 China         nil       nil     nil      nil
 Taiwan      472.0     499.0    87.0     87.0
 Other Asia and
 Oceania     164.6     187.7     nil      nil
 Africa        nil       nil     nil      nil
 Western
 Hemisphere  354.4     391.5     37.5    37.5
    SOYBEAN OIL
             1986/87           1987/88
          4/2/87  Prev Wk    4/2/87  Prev Wk
 E.C.        1.5     1.5      nil     nil
 India       nil     nil      nil     nil
 Other Asia and
 Oceania     nil     nil      nil     nil
 Africa      nil     nil      nil     nil
 Western
 Hemisphere  7.3     8.9      nil     nil
    SOYBEAN CAKE/MEAL
                 1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87   Prev Wk   4/2/87   Prev Wk
 E.C.        301.7   350.7     47.2   45.0
 Other West
 Europe        nil     nil      nil    nil
 East Europe   nil    36.0      nil    nil
 Japan         nil     3.5      nil    nil
 Other Asia and
 Oceania      25.0    40.0      nil    nil
 Africa       30.2    38.0      nil    nil
 Western
 Hemisphere  431.0   401.5      3.4    3.4
    CORN         1986/87            1987/88
              4/2/87   Prev Wk   4/2/87  Prev Wk
 E.C.           82.5     22.5       0.2     0.2
 Other West
 Europe          nil      0.8       nil     nil
 E. Europe      94.0     50.0      50.0    50.0
 USSR        2,432.7  2,543.8       nil     nil
 Japan       2,767.4  2,787.8      52.4    21.0
 China         495.0    555.0       nil     nil
 Taiwan        791.0    836.0     390.0   170.0
 Other Asia and
 Oceania       721.7    615.2     250.0     nil
 Africa        125.0    195.5       nil     nil
 WestHem     1,050.5  1,114.0      29.4    27.6
    UPLAND COTTON (In thousand bales)
               1986/87             1987/88
            4/2/87  Prev Wk     4/2/87 Prev Wk
 E.C.        260.9    266.1     97.9    95.0
 Other West
 Europe       62.2     66.2      8.7     8.7
 E. Europe     3.1      3.1      nil     nil
 Japan       445.8    484.1     72.3    70.1
 Taiwan      377.9    390.4     41.6    39.5
 Other Asia and
 Oceania     741.7    783.4    244.5   241.1
 Africa       16.7     13.4      nil     nil
 Western
 Hemisphere   99.6     69.5      3.2     2.7
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15874>
The U.S. Agriculture Department
forecast the European Community's 1986/87 wheat crop at 71.60
mln tonnes, vs 71.50 mln tonnes last month. It estimated
1985/86 output at 71.70 mln tonnes, vs 71.71 mln last month.
    E.C. 1986/87 coarse grain production is projected at 81.22
mln tonnes, vs 81.19 mln tonnes last month. The 1985/86 crop is
estimated at 88.21 mln tonnes, vs 88.28 mln last month.
    E.C. wheat exports in 1986/87 are forecast at 28.22 mln
tonnes, vs 28.31 mln tonnes last month. Exports in 1985/86 are
estimated at 27.77 mln tonnes, vs 27.62 last month.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15875>
The U.S. Agriculture Department made
the following supply/demand projections for the 1986/87
seasons, in mln bushels, with comparisons, unless noted --
    CORN --     1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Acreage (mln acres) --
     Planted   76.7    76.7     83.4    83.4
   Harvested   69.2    69.2     75.2    75.2
  Yield (bu)  119.3   119.3    118.0   118.0
 Supply (mln bu) -- 
 Start Stock  4,040   4,040    1,648   1,648
  Production  8,253   8,253    8,877   8,877
     Total-X 12,295  12,295   10,536  10,536
  X-Includes imports.
    CORN (cont.)
                 1986/87           1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Usage: Feed  4,500    4,300     4,095    4,126
       Other  1,180    1,150     1,160    1,129
  Ttl Domest  5,680    5,450     5,255    5,255
     Exports  1,375    1,250     1,241    1,241
   Total Use  7,055    6,700     6,496    6,496
  End Stocks  5,240    5,595     4,040    4,040
 Farmer Reser 1,400    1,300       564      564
  CCC Stocks  1,700    1,500       546      546
 Free Stocks  2,140    2,795     2,930    2,930
  AvgPrice  1.35-1.65  1.35-1.65  2.23     2.23
  Note - Price in dlrs per bu. Corn season begins Sept 1.
    ALL WHEAT -
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Acreage (mln acres) --
     Planted   72.0    72.0     75.6    75.6
   Harvested   60.7    60.7     64.7    64.7
       Yield   34.4    34.4     37.5    37.5
 Supply (mln bu) --
 Start Stcks  1,905   1,905    1,425   1,425
  Production  2,087   2,087    2,425   2,425
       Total
    Supply-X  4,007   4,007    3,865   3,865
 X - Includes imports.
    ALL WHEAT   1986/87            1985/86
 (cont.)   04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Usage: Food    700    690       678    678
        Seed     84     90        93     93
        Feed    350    325       274    274
  Ttl Domest  1,134  1,105     1,045  1,045
     Exports  1,025  1,025       915    915
   Total Use  2,159  2,130     1,960  1,960
  End Stocks  1,848  1,877     1,905  1,905
 Farmer Reser   475    450       433    433
  CCC Stocks    950    950       602    602
 Free Stocks    423    477       870    870
  Avg Price  2.30-40  2.30-40   3.08   3.08
 Note - Price in dlrs per bushel. Wheat season begins June 1.
    SOYBEANS -
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Acreage (mln acres) --
      Planted   61.5   61.5     63.1   61.1
    Harvested   59.4   59.4     61.6   61.6
   Yield (bu)   33.8   33.8     34.1   34.1
 Supply (mln bu) --
 Start Stocks    536    536      316    316
   Production  2,007  2,007    2,099  2,099
        Total  2,543  2,543    2,415  2,415
    SOYBEANS (cont.)
               1986/87             1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87   04/09/87 03/09/87
      Usage --
  Crushings  1,130   1,115      1,053   1,053
    Exports    700     700        740     740
 Seed, Feed and
   Residual    103      93         86      86
  Total Use  1,933   1,908      1,879   1,879
 End Stocks    610     635        536     536
 Avg Price 4.60-4.80 4.60-4.80   5.05    5.05
 Note - Average price in dlrs per bushel. Soybean season begins
June 1.
    FEEDGRAINS - X
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Acreage (mln acres) --
      Planted  119.8   119.8     128.1   128.1
    Harvested  102.0   102.0     111.8   111.8
 Yld (tonnes)   2.48    2.48      2.45    2.45
 Supply (mln tonnes) --
 Start Stocks  126.4   126.4      57.5    57.5
   Production  252.4   252.4     274.4   274.4
      Imports    0.6     0.6       0.9     0.9
        Total  379.4   379.4     332.7   332.7
 X - Includes corn, sorghum, barley, oats.
    FEEDGRAINS - X (cont.)
                 1986/87          1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Usage: Feed  140.6   136.2     134.8   135.5
       Other   35.8    35.0      35.0    34.3
  Ttl Domest  176.4   171.2     169.8   169.8
     Exports   43.9    40.8      36.6    36.6
   Total Use  220.3   211.9     206.4   206.4
  End Stocks  159.1   167.5     126.4   126.4
 Farmer Reser  39.0    36.5      16.6    16.6
  CCC Stocks   55.2    49.5      20.4    20.4
 Free Stocks   64.8    81.5      89.3    89.3
 X - Includes corn, sorghum, oats, barley. Seasons for oats,
barley began June 1, corn and sorghum Sept 1.
    SOYBEAN OIL -
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Supply (mln lbs) --
 Start Stcks     947     947       632     632
  Production  12,263  12,103    11,617  11,617
     Imports     Nil     Nil         8       8
       Total  13,210  13,050    12,257  12,257
 Note - 1985/86 production estimates based on October year
crush of 1,060 mln bushels.
    SOYBEAN OIL (cont.) -
               1986/87             1985/86
          04/09/87  03/09/87  04/09/87  03/09/87
 Usage (mln lbs) --
  Domestic  10,500    10,500    10,053   10,053
   Exports   1,350     1,350     1,257    1,257
     Total  11,850    11,850    11,310   11,310
 End Stcks   1,360     1,200       947      947
 AvgPrice  14.5-16.0  15.0-17.0  18.00    18.00
 Note - Average price in cents per lb. Season for soybean oil
begins Oct 1.
    SOYBEAN CAKE/MEAL, in thousand short tons --
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks     212     212       387     387
  Production  26,558  26,203    24,951  24,951
       Total  26,770  26,415    25,338  25,338
 Note - 1985/86 production estimates based on October year
crush of 1,060 mln bushels.
    SOY CAKE/MEAL (cont.) -
               1986/87            1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Usage (thous short tons) --
  Domestic   20,000  19,750    19,090  19,118
   Exports    6,500   6,350     6,036   6,008
     Total   26,500  26,100    25,126  25,126
 End Stcks      270     315       212     212
  AvgPrice  145-150  145-150   154.90  154.90
  Note - Price in dlrs per short ton. Season for soybean cake
and meal begins Oct 1.
    COTTON --
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Area (mln acres) --
      Planted  10.06   10.06     10.68   10.68
    Harvested   8.49    8.49     10.23   10.23
  Yield (lbs)    549     553       630     630
 Supply (mln 480-lb bales) --
 Start Stks-X   9.35    9.35      4.10    4.10
   Production   9.70    9.79     13.43   13.43
 Ttl Supply-Y  19.06   19.14     17.57   17.57
  X - Based on Census Bureau data. Y - Includes imports.
    COTTON (cont.) -
               1986/87           1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
   Usage --
   Domestic   7.10    7.01     6.40    6.40
    Exports   6.66    6.76     1.96    1.96
      Total  13.76   13.77     8.36    8.36
 End Stocks   5.40    5.49     9.35    9.35
 Avge Price  51.7-X  51.7-X   56.50   56.50
 X - 1986/87 price is weighted average for first five months of
marketing year, not a projection for 1986/87. Average price in
cents per lb. Cotton season begins August 1.
    RICE
               1986/87            1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Acreage (mln acres) --
     Planted   2.40    2.40      2.51    2.51
   Harvested   2.38    2.38      2.49    2.49
 Yield (lbs)  5,648   5,648     5,414   5,414
 Supply (mln cwts) --
 Start Stcks   77.3    77.3      64.7    64.7
  Production  134.4   134.4     134.9   134.9
     Imports    2.2     2.2       2.2     2.2
       Total  213.9   213.9     201.8   201.8
    RICE (cont.)
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Usage (mln cwts) --
    Domestic   67.0    67.0      65.8    65.8
     Exports   80.0    80.0      58.7    58.7
     Total-Y  147.0   147.0     124.5   124.5
  End Stocks   66.9    66.9      77.3    77.3
  CCC Stocks   42.9    42.9      41.5    41.5
 Free Stocks   24.0    24.0      35.8    35.8
   AvgPrice 3.45-4.25 3.45-4.25  6.53    6.53
 Note - Average price in dlrs per CWT. Y-Rough equivalent.
N.A.-Not Available, USDA revising price definition due to
marketing loan. Rice season begins August 1.
    SORGHUM
               1986/87            1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
  Yield (bu)  67.7    67.7     66.8    66.8
 Supply (mln bu) --
 Start Stcks   551     551      300     300
  Production   942     942    1,120   1,120
       Total 1,493   1,493    1,420   1,420
  Usage (mln bu) --
        Feed   550     575      662     662
       Other    30      30       29      29
  Ttl Domest   580     605      691     691
    SORGHUM (cont.) -
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
    Exports     225     225       178     178
  Total Use     805     830       869     869
 End Stocks     688     663       551     551
 Avge Price  1.30-50  1.30-50    1.93    1.93
 Note - Price in dlrs per bushel. Sorghum season begins Sept 1.
    BARLEY
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
   Yield (bu)  50.8    50.8      51.0    51.0
 Start Stocks   325     325       247     247
   Production   610     610       591     591
      Imports     5       5         9       9
        Total   941     941       847     847
    BARLEY (cont.)
             1986/87            1985/86
        04/09/87 03/15/87  04/09/87 03/15/87
 Usage (mln bu) --
       Feed  300    300       333    333
      Other  175    175       167    167
 Ttl Domest  475    475       500    500
    Exports  150    150        22     22
  Total Use  625    625       522    522
 End Stocks  316    316       325    325
  AvgPrice 1.45-65  1.45-65  1.98   1.98
 Note - Average price in dlrs per bushel. Barley season begins
June 1.
    OATS - in mln bushels
               1986/87            1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
  Yield (bu)  56.0   56.0      63.7   63.7
 Start Stcks   184    184       180    180
  Production   385    385       521    521
     Imports    30     30        28     28
       Total   598    598       729    729
    OATS, in mln bushels (cont.)
              1986/87             1985/86
         04/09/87 03/09/87   04/09/87 03/09/87
     Usage --
      Feed   400     400       460     460
     Other    85      85        83      83
 Ttl Domes   485     485       543     543
   Exports     2       2         2       2
     Total   487     487       545     545
 End Stcks   111     111       184     184
 AvgPrice 1.00-20  1.00-20    1.23    1.23
  Note - Average price in dlrs per bushel. Oats season begins
June 1.
    LONG GRAIN RICE, in mln CWTs (100 lbs) --
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
   Harvested --
 Acres (mln)   1.83    1.83     1.94    1.94
 Yield (lbs)  5,358   5,358    5,168   5,168
  Start Stks   49.3    49.3     37.7    37.7
  Production   97.8    97.8    100.4   100.4
  Ttl Supply  148.6   148.6    140.1   140.1
 Note -- Starting Stocks does not include broken kernels --
Supply minus use does not equal ending stocks in breakdowns.
Total Supply includes imports but not broken kernels.
    LONG GRAIN RICE, in mln CWTs (100 lbs), cont. --
                 1986/87           1985/86
            04/09/87 03/09/87 04/09/87 03/09/87
 Domestic Use   43.0    43.0      48.8    48.8
      Exports   65.0    60.0      42.0    42.0
    Total Use  108.0   103.0      90.8    90.8
 End Stocks-X   40.6    45.6      49.3    49.3
    AvgPric 3.45-4.25 3.45-4.24   6.86    6.86
 Note - Average price in dlrs per cwt. X-Broken kernels not
included -- supply minus use does not equal ending stocks in
breakdowns. Rice season begins August 1.
    MEDIUM, SHORT GRAIN RICE - in mln CWTs (100 lbs) --
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
   Harvested --
 Acres (mln)   0.55    0.55     0.55    0.55
 Yield (lbs)  6,651   6,651    6,258   6,258
  Start Stks   26.7    26.7     25.7    25.7
  Production   36.6    36.6     34.5    34.5
  Ttl Supply   65.3    65.3     61.7    61.7
 Note -- Starting Stocks does not include broken kernels --
Supply minus use does not equal ending stocks in breakdowns.
Total Supply includes imports but not broken kernels.
    MEDIUM, SHORT GRAIN RICE, in mln CWTs (100 lbs), cont. --
                 1986/87          1985/86
            04/09/87 03/09/87 04/09/87 03/09/87
 Domestic Use   24.0    24.0      17.0    17.0
      Exports   15.0    20.0      16.7    16.7
    Total Use   39.0    44.0      33.7    33.7
 End Stocks-X   24.5    19.5      26.7    26.7
    AvgPric 3.45-4.25  3.45-4.25  5.91    5.91
 Note - Average price in dlrs per CWT. X-Broken kernels not
included - supply minus use does not equal ending stocks in
breakdowns. Rice season begins August 1.
    NOTES ON U.S. SUPPLY/DEMAND TABLES
    -- N.A. - Not available.
    -- Totals may not add due to rounding.
    -- Figures for 1986/87 are midpoint of USDA range.
    -- Feed usage for corn, wheat, soybean, feedgrains,
sorghum, barley, oats includes residual amount.
    -- Residual amount included in rice and medium/short grain
rice domestic usage.
    -- Rice, long grain, and medium/short grain rice average
price for 1985/86 estimates and 1986/87 projections are market
prices and exclude cash retained under the marketing loan since
April, 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15877>
The U.S. Agriculture Department
forecast South Africa's 1986/87 corn crop at 8.50 mln tonnes,
vs 9.50 mln tonnes last month. It estimated the 1985/86 crop at
8.08 mln, vs 8.08 mln last month.
    USDA forecast South African 1986/87 corn exports at 2.10
mln tonnes, vs 3.00 mln tonnes last month, and 1985/86 exports
at 2.75 mln tonnes, vs 2.75 mln tonnes last month.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15890>
Exports of the following commodities
between start of current seasons and April 2, with comparisons,
as reported to USDA by exporters, in thousand tonnes, unless
noted --
               4/2/87    Prev Wk   4/3/86
 Wheat        21,044.6  20,398.3  19,725.8
 Soybeans     14,334.2  14,063.5  14,698.4
 Corn         20,296.0  19,194.6  25,182.6-x
 Sorghum       3,222.5   3,149.7   3,168.9-x
 Soybean Oil     138.4     135.8     179.9
 Soybean Meal  4,098.0   3,880.6   3,141.3
 Cotton        4,333.1   4,204.7   1,510.4
 X-2,059,300 tonnes of corn and 763,800 tonnes of sorghum added
to reflect change in marketing year to Sept-Aug.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15893>
The U.S. Agriculture Department
increased its estimate of 1986/87 grain purchases by the Soviet
Union to 28 mln tonnes, up two mln tonnes from last month.
    In its monthly report on the Soviet grain situation, the
USDA said imports will be higher than earlier estimated because
Soviet grain buyers have been actively purchasing in the last
month.
    USDA said the increased purchasing is "somewhat surprising"
because of recent higher Soviet crop estimates.
    All of the increase in estimated imports will be in corn,
USDA said.
    Of the 28 mln tonnes total, 15 mln tonnes will be wheat, 12
mln tonnes coarse grains, and the remaining one mln tonnes
miscellaneous grains and pulses, USDA said.
    USDA noted that the Soviet winter grain crop suffered
through a severe winter and spring field work has been delayed.
    The severe winter "is believed to have resulted in above
average winter-kill," USDA said.
    Some grain trade analysts have said abnormal winter losses
maybe one reason why the Soviet Union has been actively buying
grain recently.
    USDA said Moscow already has purchased over 25 mln tonnes
grain for delivery in 1986/87, including 14 mln tonnes wheat
and 12 mln tonnes coarse grain.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15906>
The U.S. Agriculture Department made
the following 1986/87 projections in its world Supply/Demand
report, with comparisons, in mln tonnes, except where noted --
    Total World Grain
               1986/87            1985/86
         04/09/87  03/09/87  04/09/87  03/09/87
 Produc  1,682.31  1,686.11  1,663.69  1,663.70
 Total
 Supply  2,025.71  2,028.45  1,919.18  1,920.13
 Trade-X   212.15    211.89    204.42    203.92
 Usage   1,635.01  1,630.40  1,575.78  1,577.79
 End Stks  390.70    398.05    343.40    342.34
 X-Based on export estimate.
    All Wheat    1986/87           1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stks  137.05   136.48   125.54   125.87
 Production  529.20   528.40   498.97   498.81
 Imports      97.57    98.27    94.56    94.36
 Feed Use    101.79   100.82    90.19    90.56
 Total Domes 517.26   514.89   487.45   488.20
 Exports     101.08   101.20    95.92    95.76
 End Stocks  148.99   149.99   137.05   136.48
  Note - World imports/exports may not balance due to differing
marketing years, grains in transit and reporting discrepancies.
    Coarse Grain
                1986/87           1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks 181.64  181.10    107.80  108.40
 Production  835.21  838.82    844.60  844.84
 Imports      95.66   93.77     95.70   95.18
 Feed Use    514.07  510.20    510.20  510.80
 Total Domes 796.33  793.64    770.76  772.14
 Exports      98.97   98.47     96.02   95.76
 End Stocks  220.52  226.28    181.64  181.10
  Note - World imports/exports may not balance due to differing
marketing years, grain in transit and reporting discrepancies.
    Corn (Mln Tonnes)
                1986/87           1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks 123.08  123.11     61.09   61.75
 Production  477.26  480.29    481.86  481.92
 Imports      61.03   58.59     62.12   62.08
 Feed Use    295.49  289.47    286.53  287.42
 Ttl Domes   444.78  439.80    419.88  420.55
 Exports      62.80   62.10     62.53   62.15
 End Stocks  155.56  163.61    123.08  123.11
  Note - World imports/exports may not balance due to differing
marketing years, grain in transit and reporting discrepancies.

    Soybeans
                1986/87           1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks  23.03   22.84    17.59   17.58
 Production   99.98   99.43    96.74   96.53
 Imports      26.21   26.27    27.08   27.08
 Crushings    79.69   79.33    76.16   76.15
 Ttl Domes    97.53   96.40    92.36   92.34
 Exports      26.45   26.43    26.02   26.01
 End Stocks   25.23   25.71    23.03   22.84
  Note - Imports and exports do not balance due to differing
marketing years and time lags between reported exports and
imports.
    Soybean Meal
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stocks  2.55    2.47     2.79    2.74
 Production   62.71   62.40    60.09   60.09
 Imports      23.47   23.49    23.48   23.47
 Consumption  62.69   62.49    61.06   61.10
 Exports      23.51   23.39    22.76   22.74
 End Stocks    2.52    2.47     2.55    2.47
  Note - Imports and exports may not balance due to differing
marketing years and time lags between reported exports and
imports.
    Soybean Oil
                1986/87          1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stocks  1.61   1.51       1.37   1.36
 Production   14.20  14.13      13.65  13.66
 Imports       3.31   3.29       3.08   3.05
 Consumption  14.02  14.03      13.33  13.40
 Exports       3.33   3.35       3.15   3.16
 End Stocks    1.78   1.54       1.61   1.51
   Note - Imports and exports do not balance due to differing
marketing years and time lags between reported exports and
imports.
    Cotton (Mln Bales)
               1986/87          1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks 45.87   48.14    42.70   43.11
 Production  69.53   69.66    78.94   78.92
 Imports     23.07   23.07    21.49   21.45
 Mill Use    80.72   77.08    76.84   74.79
 Exports     23.37   23.50    20.25   20.28
 End Stocks  34.16   39.99    45.87   48.14
  Note - Imports and exports may not balance due to cotton in
transit and reporting discrepancies in some countries.
    Rice (Milled Basis)
                1986/87          1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stocks 24.71   24.75     22.16   22.16
 Production  317.90  318.90    320.12  320.05
 Imports      10.56   10.63     11.68   11.70
 Dom. Use    321.41  321.87    317.58  317.46
 Exports      12.11   12.22     12.49   12.39
 End Stocks   21.19   21.78     24.71   24.75
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15910>
The U.S. Agriculture Department
detailed world supply/demand data for major importers and
exporters of corn, by country, as follows in mln tonnes --
    USSR CORN
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stocks  N.A.    N.A.     N.A.    N.A.
 Production   12.50   12.50    14.40   14.40
 Imports       8.00    6.00    10.40   10.40
 Domes Use    20.50   19.50    24.40   24.40
 Exports        Nil     Nil      Nil     Nil
 End Stocks    N.A.    N.A.     N.A.    N.A.
 N.A. - Not Available.
    SOUTH AFRICA CORN, in mln tonnes -- 
               1986/87          1985/86
         04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks  1.20   1.20     1.87   1.87
 Production   8.50   9.50     8.08   8.08
 Imports       Nil    Nil     0.01   0.01
 Domes Use    6.10   6.20     6.00   6.00
 Exports      2.10   3.00     2.75   2.75
 End Stocks   1.50   1.50     1.20   1.20
    EC-12 CORN, in mln tonnes --
                1986/87           1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks  5.17    5.28      2.89    2.89
 Production  25.00   25.03     25.70   25.78
 Imports     10.69   10.61     12.82   12.82
 Domes Use   28.20   29.00     29.46   29.60
 Exports      7.91    7.94      6.78    6.61
 End Stocks   4.75    3.98      5.17    5.28
    ARGENTINA CORN, in mln tonnes --
               1986/87           1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks  0.52   0.39       0.39   0.39
 Production  10.00  11.00      12.10  12.10
 Imports       Nil    Nil        Nil    Nil
 Domes Use    4.60   4.60       4.60   4.60
 Exports      5.70   6.50       7.37   7.50
 End Stocks   0.22   0.29       0.52   0.39
    THAILAND CORN, in mln tonnes --
               1986/87           1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stocks 0.43   0.33      0.11   0.11
 Production   4.10   4.10      5.35   5.15
 Imports       Nil    Nil       Nil    Nil
 Domestic Use 1.55   1.35      1.35   1.25
 Exports      2.80   3.00      3.67   3.67
 End Stocks   0.18   0.08      0.43   0.33
    JAPAN CORN, in mln tonnes --
               1986/87           1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks  1.24   1.24       1.06   1.06
 Production    Nil    Nil        Nil    Nil
 Imports     15.50  15.44      14.55  14.55
 Domes Use   15.51  15.45      14.37  14.37
 Exports       Nil    Nil        Nil    Nil
 End Stocks   1.24   1.24       1.24   1.24
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15911>
The U.S. Agriculture Department said
private U.S. exporters reported sales of 200,000 tonnes of
wheat to Jordan, 300,000 tonnes of soybean meal to Iraq and
100,000 tonnes of corn to Algeria.
    The wheat for Jordan includes 165,000 tonnes of hard red
winter and 35,000 tonnes of soft red winter and is for delivery
during the 1987/88 marketing year.
    The soybean meal sales to Iraq includes 180,000 tonnes for
delivery during the 1986/87 season and 120,000 tonnes during
the 1987/88 season, the department said.
    The 100,000 tonnes of corn sales to Algeria are for
delivery during the 1986/87 season, it said.
    The marketing year for wheat begins June 1, corn September
1, and soybean meal October 1.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15914>
The U.S. Agriculture Department
detailed world supply/demand data for major importers and
exporters of coarse grains, by country, as follows in mln
tonnes --
    USSR COARSE GRAIN
               1986/87           1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks  N.A.    N.A.      N.A.    N.A.
 Production 103.30  103.30     99.99   99.99
 Imports     12.00   10.00     13.70   13.70
 Domes Use  112.30  112.30    111.99  111.99
 Exports       NIL     NIL       NIL     NIL
 End Stocks   N.A.    N.A.      N.A.    N.A.
 N.A. - Not Available.
    EC-12 COARSE GRAIN, in mln tonnes --
              1986/87            1985/86
         04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks 14.91   14.93    10.53   10.53
 Production  81.22   81.19    88.21   88.28
 Imports     16.58   17.26    18.29   18.24
 Dom Use     79.64   81.27    82.38   82.55
 Exports     19.90   19.96    19.73   19.56
 End Stocks  13.18   12.15    14.91   14.93
    EASTERN EUROPE COARSE GRAIN, mln tonnes --
               1986/87            1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks  4.07    3.72     5.14    5.14
 Production  73.95   74.50    68.28   68.38
 Imports      4.90    4.47     5.58    5.26
 Dom Use     73.04   73.23    72.65   72.77
 Exports      3.55    3.55     2.28    2.28
 End Stocks   6.34    5.46     4.07    3.72
    JAPAN COARSE GRAIN, in mln tonnes --
              1986/87           1985/86
         04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks 2.32    2.23     1.91    1.91
 Production  0.35    0.35     0.39    0.39
 Imports    21.56   21.50    21.51   21.51
 Dom Use    21.79   21.73    21.49   21.49
 Exports      NIL     NIL      NIL     NIL
 End Stocks  2.44    2.44     2.32    2.32
    ARGENTINA COARSE GRAIN, in mln tonnes --
               1986/87            1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks  0.78    0.53     0.83    0.83
 Production  13.99   15.44    17.06   17.14
 Imports      0.02     NIL      NIL     NIL
 Domes Use    7.73    7.75     7.76    7.87
 Exports      6.60    7.73     9.43    9.58
 End Stocks   0.46    0.49     0.78    0.53
    CANADA COARSE GRAIN, in mln tonnes --
              1986/87            1985/86
         04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks 6.19    6.19     4.66    4.61
 Production 27.62   27.62    24.95   24.95
 Imports     0.30    0.30     0.31    0.31
 Dom Use    19.80   19.80    18.99   18.96
 Exports     7.41    7.21     4.74    4.72
 End Stocks  6.90    7.10     6.19    6.19
    THAILAND COARSE GRAINS, in mln tonnes --
               1986/87            1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks  0.49    0.38     0.16   0.16
 Production   4.40    4.40     5.67   5.47
 Imports       NIL     NIL      NIL    NIL
 Domes Use    1.57    1.37     1.40   1.30
 Exports      3.10    3.30     3.94   3.95
 End Stocks   0.22    0.11     0.49   0.38
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15916>
The Commodity Credit Corporation
(CCC) accepted eight bonus offers from two exporters on sales
of 190,000 tonnes of hard red winter and 35,000 tonnes of soft
red winter wheat to Jordan, the U.S. Agriculture Department
said.
    The department said the bonuses awarded averaged 38.08 dlrs
per tonne and the wheat is for delivery May-November, 1987.
    The bonus awards were made to Louis Dreyfus Corp (200,000 
tonnes), and Continental Grain Co (25,000 tonnes) and will be
paid in the form of commodities from CCC stocks.
    The purchases of U.S. wheat completes the Export
Enhancement Program initiative announced on December 31, 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15917>
Argentine grain board preliminary
figures show 1986/87 crop export registrations of grains and
oilseeds in the week to April 8, were as follows, in tonnes,
compared with the previous week and the comparable week a year
earlier.
    BREAD WHEAT         nil        nil       nil
    MAIZE              113,500    21,800    51,300
    SORGHUM             13,600      nil     26,500
    SOYBEAN             30,000    36,000    72,000
    SUNFLOWERSEED        nil        nil     19,100
    Cumulative figures export registrations for the 1986/87
crop to April 8, 1987, with comparative figures for the 1985/86
crop up to April 9, 1986, in brackets, were in thousands of
tonnes.
    BREAD WHEAT            2,692,4    (4,161.0)
    MAIZE                  2,305.1    (5,200.0)
    SORGHUM                  220.5      (625.7)
    SOYBEAN                  561.3      (524.5)
    SUNFLOWERSEED             45.7      (213.2)
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15927>
The Commodity Credit Corporation
(CCC) accepted a bid for an export bonus to cover a sale of
12,500 tonnes of U.S. wheat flour to Iraq, the U.S. Agriculture
Department said.
    The department said the bonus awarded was 105.82 dlrs per
tonne and the wheat flour is for shipment July 1-10, 1987.
    The bonus was awarded to The Pillsbury Company and will be
paid in the form of commodities from CCC stocks.
    An additional 150,000 tonnes of wheat flour is still
available to Iraq under the Export Enhancement Program
initiative announced January 7, 1987, the department said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15928>
The U.S. Agriculture Department
detailed rice supply/demand milled-basis data for Thailand, the
world's major rice exporter, as follows in mln tonnes --       
        1986/87            1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks  1.32   1.33       1.46   1.46
 Production  11.88  12.14      13.00  13.00
 Imports       NIL    NIL        NIL    NIL
 Domes Use    8.73   8.73       8.80   8.80
 Exports      3.70   3.70       4.34   4.34
 End Stocks   0.77   1.04       1.32   1.33
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15942>
There were six grain ships loading and
eight ships were waiting to load at Portland, according to the
Portland Merchants Exchange.
  
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15952>
The U.S. Agriculture Department
reported the farmer-owned reserve national five-day average
price through April 8 as follows (Dlrs/Bu-Sorghum Cwt) -
         Natl   Loan           Release   Call
         Avge   Rate-X  Level    Price  Price
 Wheat   2.62   2.40       IV     4.65     --
                            V     4.65     --
                           VI     4.45     --
 Corn    1.38   1.92       IV     3.15   3.15
                            V     3.25     --
 X - 1986 Rates.
          Natl   Loan          Release   Call
          Avge   Rate-X  Level   Price  Price
 Oats     1.58   0.99        V    1.65    -- 
 Barley   1.55   1.56       IV    2.55   2.55
                             V    2.65    -- 
 Sorghum  2.54   3.25-Y     IV    5.36   5.36
                             V    5.54    -- 
    Reserves I, II and III have matured. Level IV reflects
grain entered after Oct 6, 1981 for feedgrain and after July
23, 1981 for wheat. Level V wheat/barley after 5/14/82,
corn/sorghum after 7/1/82. Level VI covers wheat entered after
January 19, 1984.  X-1986 rates. Y-dlrs per CWT (100 lbs).
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15975>
U.S. corn sales of just over 1.0 mln
tonnes in the week ended April 2 were eight pct above the prior
week, but 25 pct below the four-week average, the U.S.
Agriculture Department said.
    In comments on its latest Export Sales Report, the
department said Iraq, Japan and the USSR were the largest
buyers.
    Sales for the next marketing year, which begins September
1, totaled 503,200 tonnes and were mainly to Iraq and Taiwan.
    Wheat sales of 119,300 tonnes for the current season and
net reductions of 13,700 tonnes for the 1987/88 season were
four-fifths below the combined total for the prior week and the
four-week average, it said.
    Sri Lanka was the most active wheat destination with
purchases of 52,500 tonnes for the current year, it said.
    Other significant purchasers for the current year were
Mexico and Honduras, it said.
    Soybean sales of 240,500 tonnes were one-fifth below the
prior week and nearly one-third below the four-week average.
    Japan, Mexico, South Korea, Italy and Israel were the major
purchasers, the department said.
    Net sales of 117,700 tonnes of soybean cake and meal fell
31 pct from the previous week and 38 pct below the four-week
average. Major increases for West Germany, Venezuela, the
Netherlands and Saudi Arabia were partially offset by
reductions for unknown destinations, USDA said.
    Activity in soybean oil resulted in decreases of 2,400
tonnes, with sales to unknown destinations down by 2,700
tonnes, while sales to Canada increased 200 tonnes, the
Department said.
    Combined sales of 71,300 running bales of cotton -- 60,200
bales for the current season and 11,100 bales for 1987/88
season -- were four-fifths higher than the prior week's level
but nine pct below the four-week average.
    Mexico was the dominant buyer for the current year followed
by Zaire, Italy, and Spain, the department said.
The primary buyers for the 1987/88 season were South Korea,
Spain, Japan and Taiwan, the department said.
    Sorghum sales of 143,300 tonnes were 25 pct less than the
prior week, with Japan and Venezuela the main buyers. 
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15999>
There were 287,700 tonnes of U.S.
corn shipped to the Soviet Union in the week ended April 2,
according to the U.S. Agriculture Department's latest Export
Sales report.
    That compares with 106,200 tonnes shipped in the prior
week.
    There were no wheat or soybean shipments during the week.
    The USSR has purchased 2,825,600 tonnes of U.S. corn, as of
April 2, for delivery in the fourth year of the U.S.-USSR grain
agreement.
    Total shipments in the third year of the U.S.-USSR grains
agreement, which ended September 30, amounted to 152,600 tonnes
of wheat, 6,808,100 tonnes of corn and 1,518,700 tonnes of
soybeans.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16009>
Commodities from gold to grains to
cotton posted solid gains in a flurry of buying today as losses
in the U.S. dollar and rising interest rates kindled fears of
inflation and economic instability.
    Gains were most pronounced on the Commodity Exchange in New
York, where gold jumped 12.40 dlrs and closed at 436.50 dlrs a
troy ounce, and silver 22.5 cents to 6.86 dlrs a troy ounce.
    A key factor behind the advance was anticipation that
inflation will be the only way for the major industrial nations
to halt the slide in the value of the U.S. dollar, said Steve
Chronowitz, director of commodity research with Smith Barney,
Harris Upham and Co., in New York.
    The dollar tumbled one day after top finance officials from
the seven largest industrial nations reaffirmed their
commitment to support its value, and despite reports of
intervention by the U.S. Federal Reserve Bank, traders said.
    Traders said it appears that the industrial nations, known
as the Group of Seven, lack the ability to change the long-term
direction of the currency markets.
    "Maybe they have some ideas or plans," said Chronowitz. "If
they do, it's not evident."
    "It looks like there's no cure but to let the free market
take values to where they should be.
    "One way or another, we will force our major trading
partners to stimulate their economies," as a measure to correct
the mounting U.S. trade deficit, Chronowitz said.
    "I think the markets believe, and have believed for a long
time, that the only recourse is to reflate at some point. It's
going to be a long and tedious process, but that's what's
happening," he said.
    The falling value of the dollar makes U.S. commodities
cheaper for foreign buyers, stimulating demand.
    At the same time, traders who are holding stocks and bonds
saw the value of their investments falling and many are turning
to commodities such as precious metals as a hedge, said Marty
McNeill, a metals analyst in New York with the trading house of
Dominick and Dominick.
    The reaction in the metal markets reverberated throughout
the commodities markets, as grains, livestock, and cotton
posted broad gains.
    Traders at the Chicago Board of Trade said attention in the
grain markets has shifted from concern about burdensome
supplies to the outlook that a lower dollar will stimulate
export demand.
    After the close of trading, the Agriculture Department
raised its estimate for grain imports by the Soviet Union by
two mln tonnes from the month-earlier report.
    Live hogs and frozen pork bellies posted sharp gains on the
Chicago Mercantile Exchange, while live cattle were moderately
higher.
    Analysts said several factors boosted hog prices. They said
hogs haven't been making the weight gains that are normal at
this time of year, and farmers have been too busy with field
work to market animals.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16012>
Egypt is expected to tender April 22
for 500,000 tonnes of corn for May through September shipments,
private export sources said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16071>
The Argentine grain market was
quiet in the week to Wednesday, with prices rising slightly on
increased interest in wheat, millet and birdseed.
    Wheat for domestic consumption rose six Australs per tonne
to 118.
    For export it rose eight to 108 per tonne from Bahia
Blanca, increased 0.50 to 104 at Necochea and was unchanged at
Rosario at 108.30.
    Maize increased one to 90 per tonne at Buenos Aires, was
unchanged at 82 in Bahia Blanca, increased 0.50 to 85 at
Necochea and fell one to 88 at Parana River ports.
    Sorghum from Bahia Blanca increased 0.50 Australs to 76.50
per tonne and dropped one to 75 at Rosario.
    It was quoted at 75 at Villa Constitucion, San Nicolas and
Puerto Alvear.
    Oats were unchanged at 168 per tonne at Buenos Aires.
    Millet from Buenos Aires and Rosario rose five per tonne to
140 and birdseed rose 15 to 205 at Buenos Aires.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16079>
Thailand exported 56,652 tonnes of rice
in the week ended April 7, down from 75,160 tonnes the previous
week, the Commerce Ministry said.
    It said the government and private exporters shipped 41,607
and 15,045 tonnes respectively.
    Private exporters concluded advance weekly sales for 48,062
tonnes against 22,086 tonnes the previous week.
    Thailand exported 1.29 mln tonnes of rice so far in 1987,
down from 1.39 mln tonnes a year ago.
    It has commitments to export a further 353,045 tonnes this
year.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16099>
A prolonged dry spell has damaged
111,350 hectares of rice and corn plantations in 10 provinces
in the central and southern Philippines, agriculture officials
said.
    They said some 71,070 tonnes of agricultural produce
estimated at about 250 mln pesos was lost to the lack of
rainfall. They warned of a severe drought if the prevailing
conditions continued until next month.
    Agriculture Secretary Carlos Dominguez said he hoped the
losses would be offset by the expected increase in output in
other, normally more productive areas not affected by the dry
spell.
    Affected were 14,030 hectares of palay (unmilled rice),
representing a production loss of 22,250 tonnes valued at 77.8
mln pesos, Department of Agriculture reports said.
    About 48,820 tonnes of corn from 97,320 hectares valued at
170.8 mln pesos have also been lost, they said.
    Officials said the hectarage planted to palay that has been
hit by the drought accounted for only one pct of national total
thus the damage is considered negligible.
    In the case of corn, they said the loss can be filled by
production from non-traditional corn farms which diversified
into the cash crop from sugar two years ago.
     The Philippine Coconut Authority said coconut production
in the major producing region of Bicol might drop by 25 pct to
320,000 tonnes if the dry spell continued. There were no
reports of actual damage.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16144>
Australia could lose valuable wheat
markets through lack of availability if plantings for the
coming 1987/88 season are significantly reduced, Australian
Wheat Board (AWB) chairman Clinton Condon said.
    "If predictions of a 30 pct decrease in plantings prove
true, Australia may not be able to supply wheat to some of its
valuable markets," he said in a statement.
    Condon did not say who had made the predictions, but an AWB
spokesman said there was a general industry feeling that
farmers, hard hit by low prices and rising costs, could cut
back plantings sharply. Wheat sowing normally begins in May.
    However, Condon said he did not believe plantings would be
cut by as much as 30 pct although he realised many farmers were
facing enormous financial pressures.
    He said the AWB expects the area sown to be about 10.7 mln
hectares, down from 11.3 mln in 1986/87 when the crop was about
16 mln tonnes. Final crop estimates for 1986/87 and planting
intentions for 1987/88 are not yet available.
    If the AWB is unable, because of a short-term cut in
plantings, to meet the needs of the markets it has developed
with much time and effort, it may have great difficulty selling
wheat to those markets in the future, Condon said.
    "Markets which rely on a steady supply of Australian wheat
understand a decrease in production due to drought but they
will have difficulty understanding a deliberate decision to
decrease production," Condon said.
    "If Australia wants wheat to continue as a major export
income earner, governments and government authorities will need
to closely examine ways of contributing to the continuing
viability of the wheat industry," he added.
    Australia's leading wheat markets include China, Egypt,
Iran, Iraq, the Soviet Union and Japan.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16147>
China has raised the state purchase
prices of corn, rice, cottonseed and shelled peanuts from April
1 to encourage farmers to grow them, the official China
Commercial Daily said.
    The paper said the price paid for corn from 14 northern
provinces, cities and regions has increased by one yuan per 50
kg. A foreign agricultural expert said the rise will take the
price to 17 fen per jin (0.5 kg) from 16 fen.
    The paper said the price for long-grained rice from 10
southern provinces and cities was raised by 1.5 yuan per 50 kg.
    The paper said the price for round-grained rice from 11
provinces, regions and cities in central, east and northwest
China has been increased by 1.75 yuan per 50 kg. It gave no
more price details.
    It said local authorities must inform farmers of the price
increases before farmers begin planting, to encourage
production of grains and oilseeds.
    Chinese officials have said farmers are unwilling to grow
grain because they can earn more from other crops.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16265>
Graan Elevator Mij, GEM, said its
balance in port of grains, oilseeds and derivatives rose to
146,000 tonnes on April 11 from 111,000 a week earlier after
arrivals of 404,000 tonnes and discharges of 369,000 tonnes
last week.
    The balance comprised 21,000 tonnes of grains plus oilseeds
and 125,000 tonnes of derivatives.
    This week's estimated arrivals total 274,000 tonnes, of
which 71,000 are grains/oilseeds and 203,000 derivatives.
    The figures cover around 95 pct of Rotterdam traffic in the
products concerned.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16271>
The U.S. Agriculture Department has
lowered its ASCS terminal prices for low protein hard red
winter and hard red spring wheat at a number of locations, a
senior USDA official said.
    USDA reduced the price of hard red winter wheat at Kansas
City and Texas by six cents, at Minneapolis and Duluth by 32
cents and at St Louis by nine cents, Ralph Klopfenstein, deputy
administrator of commodity operations at the Agricultural
Stabilization and Conservation Service, said.
    The department also lowered the terminal price of hard red
spring wheat at Minneapolis and Duluth by 32 cents, he said.
    In addition, USDA cut the Pacific Northwest price of hard
red spring wheat by 31 cents, USDA officials who asked not to
be identified said.
    The officials said hard red spring wheat prices at Chicago,
Denver and Toledo were adjusted by about the same amount as at
Pacific Northwest, Duluth and Minneapolis.
    The price changes should lead to a pickup of PIK and roll
activity, Klopfenstein said. The price change was decided upon
last week and will be effective today, he said.
    Klopfenstein also said the department raised the premiums
on high protein wheat to offset the drop in low protein wheat
prices, meaning the net price on any wheat commanding a protein
premium would remain unchanged.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16359>
Current prospects for this year's
grain crop in Bulgaria and Romania appear less favorable than
in 1986, the U.S. Agriculture Department's officer in Belgrade
said in a field report.
    The report said the assessment was based on travel in the
two countries from March 30 to April 4.
    It said crop conditions were better than earlier expected
following the extreme dry conditions last fall and the
prolonged winter temperatures this spring.
    However, in general plant development was at least three
weeks or more behind normal this spring, and conditions varied
greatly by regions, the report said.
    Fields seeded during the optimum period last fall, and
especially those receiving supplemental irrigation water (about
65 pct of the fields observed), appeared to be in good
condition, with little evidence of winterkill, while others
varied considerably, the report said.
    Fields lacking adequate moisture last fall showed weak and
uneven stands. Spotty germination and winterkill in those
fields averaged 10 to 30 pct, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16525>
Grain traders and analysts expect
today's weekly U.S. corn export inspection figure to be well
above last year, with wheat slightly better and soybeans about
the same.
    Corn export inspection guesses ranged from 40.0 to 44.0 mln
bushels for the week ended April 9, compared up 46.6 mln
inspected a week earlier and 15.2 mln in the year-ago week.
    Soybean export estimates ranged from 12.0 to 15.0 mln
bushels versus 10.8 mln exported last week and 13.2 mln last
year.
    Export guesses for all wheat ranged from 16.0 to 20.0 mln
bushels, compared with 16.4 mln last week and 11.2 mln last
year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16601>
The Commodity Credit Corporation,
CCC, has authorized 3.0 mln dlrs in credit guarantees for sales
of U.S. rice to Algeria for fiscal year 1987 under the Export
Credit Guarantee Program, GSM-102, the U.S. Agriculture
Department said.
    The additional guarantees increase the cumulative fiscal
year 1987 program for sales of U.S. agricultural products to
Algeria to 469.0 mln dlrs.
    To be eligible for the credit guarantee coverage, all sales
under the new line must be registered and exported by September
30, 1987, the department aid.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16751>
Taiwan imported about 210,000 tonnes of
South African maize between January 1 and April 13, the joint
committee of local maize importers said.
    Under a three-year agreement signed last year, South Africa
will export 600,000 tonnes of maize a year to Taiwan.
    A committee spokesman told Reuters the rest of this year's
quota will be shipped during the rest of 1987.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16753>
China will be short of sorghum in 1987
for the sixth successive year because high production costs and
low profits discourage farmers from growing it, the China Daily
Business Weekly said.
    It said sorghum output in calendar 1986 was 5.34 mln
tonnes, down five pct from the 1985 level, and prices on the
free market rose in January to 0.42 yuan per kg, up 14 pct on
January 1986.
    It said sorghum acreage in 1987 is six pct lower than in
1986. Sorghum accounts for 40 pct of the raw materials needed
by China's breweries, it added but gave no more details.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16763>
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng
has asked Japan to open its farm market further to help
Washington cut its trade deficit and ease protectionist
pressures, an Agriculture Ministry official told reporters.
    Hideo Maki, Director General of the ministry's Economic
Affairs Bureau, quoted Lyng as telling Agriculture Minister
Mutsuki Kato that the removal of import restrictions would help
Japan as well as the United States.
    The meeting with Kato opened a 12-day visit to Japan by
Lyng, who is here to dicuss farm trade.
    However, Maki quoted Kato as replying that Japan was
already the world's largest grain importer.
    Kato added Japan is the largest customer for U.S. Grain and
depended on domestic output for only 53 pct of its food
requirements in 1985.
    Lyng said the U.S. Put high priority on talks on 12 farm
products named in U.S. Complaints against Japan to the General
Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) last year, as well as on
beef, citrus products and rice.
    Kato said Japan will maintain its current level of
self-sufficiency and will try not to produce surplus rice
because potential production is higher than domestic demand.
    The world farm market suffers from surpluses because of
rising production by exporting countries, he added.
    Lyng said the U.S. Has been trying to reduce farm product
output with expensive programs, Maki said.
    Maki said the U.S. And Japan will hold detailed discussions
on each trade item as well as a new round of GATT trade talks
at a meeting on April 20, in which U.S. Trade Representative
Clayton Yeutter will join.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16765>
At least 60,000 tonnes of corn worth 240
mln pesos have been smuggled into the Philippines over the past
few months, the Manila Bulletin newspaper said, quoting an
official in the National Food Authority (NFA).
    The official, who was not named, said a large corn shortage
and corruption among customs and Coast Guard personnel have
jeopardised the government's ban on corn imports, which was
aimed at saving foreign currency.
    The newspaper quoted NFA Marketing Director Jig Tan as
saying monthly corn consumption stood at about 331,000 tonnes
against a national stock inventory of 191,732 tonnes.
    Tan said a continuing drought affecting about 49,150
hectares of corn has led to the loss of 43,725 tonnes of corn
worth 174.9 mln pesos and contributed to the shortage.
    The newspaper quoted Linda Geraldez, an NFA statistician,
as saying despite the drought and the shortage, the total
inventory at the end of the January/June crop season is
expected to be at least 201,000 tonnes.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16790>
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng
has asked Japan to open its farm market further to help
Washington cut its trade deficit and ease protectionist
pressures, an Agriculture Ministry official told reporters.
    Hideo Maki, Director General of the ministry's Economic
Affairs Bureau, quoted Lyng as telling Agriculture Minister
Mutsuki Kato that the removal of import restrictions would help
Japan as well as the United States.
    The meeting with Kato opened a 12-day visit to Japan by
Lyng, who is here to dicuss farm trade.
    However, Maki quoted Kato as replying that Japan was
already the world's largest grain importer.
    Kato added Japan is the largest customer for U.S. Grain and
depended on domestic output for only 53 pct of its food
requirements in 1985.
    Lyng said the U.S. Put high priority on talks on 12 farm
products named in U.S. Complaints against Japan to the General
Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) last year, as well as on
beef, citrus products and rice.
    Kato said Japan will maintain its current level of
self-sufficiency and will try not to produce surplus rice
because potential production is higher than domestic demand.
    The world farm market suffers from surpluses because of
rising production by exporting countries, he added.
    Lyng said the U.S. Has been trying to reduce farm product
output with expensive programs, Maki said.
    Maki said the U.S. And Japan will hold detailed discussions
on each trade item as well as a new round of GATT trade talks
at a meeting on April 20, in which U.S. Trade Representative
Clayton Yeutter will join.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17443>
The south China province of Guangdong is
importing millions of tonnes of grain a year from overseas and
other parts of China because farmers have switched from grain
to more profitable crops, the Peking Review magazine said.
    The official magazine said the province's grain area fell
to 4.33 mln hectares in 1985 from 5.7 mln in 1978 out of a
total farmland area of 7.4 mln hectares.
    Farmers have switched to cash crops such as sugarcane,
bananas, oranges, papaya and freshwater fish-farming, in part
to supply major consumer markets in Hong Kong and Macao, the
magazine said. It gave no 1986 area figures.
    The magazine said China aims to keep 80 pct of national
farmland under grain, 10 pct under cash crops and 10 pct under
other crops, although the ratio will vary from place to place.
    It said primitive cultivation methods, labour-intensity and
low productivity make grain the least profitable farm
commodity. Farmers in one central region of China can from 0.1
hectare earn 2,250 yuan a year from vegetables, 375-450 yuan
from cotton or 225 yuan from grain, it added.
    It said consumer prices for foodgrain can be adjusted only
gradually as part of a reform of the entire pricing system.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17503>
The U.S. Department of Agriculture's
forecast that French end-of-season soft wheat stocks will
almost double in 1987/88 is premature but would not be
surprising, according to French cereal organisation officials.
    The Cereals Intervention Board, ONIC, Wheat Producers'
Association and the National Union of Agricultural and Cereal
Cooperatives have not yet forecast 1987/88 exports or
end-of-season stocks.
    However, the officials said the USDA's figure of end
1987/88 stocks at 5.03 mln tonnes against 1986/87's 2.87 mln
was not surprising given a record high yield forecast in April.
    The French Feed Cereals Research Institute, ITCF, forecast
in mid-April an average yield of 6.58 tonnes per hectare for
soft wheat in 1987/88 compared with 5.6 tonnes in 1986/87 and
the record high yield of 6.5/6.6 tonnes in 1984.
    This would result in a French soft wheat harvest of around
31 mln tonnes against 25.5 mln in 1986/87, given a Ministry of
Agriculture estimate of area planted of 4.66 mln hectares
against 4.61 mln in 1986/87.
    ONIC's first preliminary forecast of the 1987/88 campaign
will be released at the beginning of September, an ONIC
official said.
    Soft wheat exports in 1987/88 were extremely difficult to
estimate at this stage, both within the European Community and
to non-EC countries, an ONIC official said.
    He said, however, that among countries to which France
could increase its wheat exports were Egypt and the Maghreb
countries (Morocco, Algeria and Tunisia), he said.
    The USDA's forecast of an 11.65 mln tonne maize crop in
1987/88 against 11.48 mln in 1986/87, while again premature,
was not out of line with estimates of the French Maize
Producers Association, AGPM, an AGPM official said.
    Maize plantings would be down in 1987/88 but yields were
expected to be higher, the AGPM official said.
    It estimated 1987/88 maize plantings of 1.73 mln hectares,
down seven pct from the 1.87 mln hectares planted in 1986/87.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17509>
The Zambian government today announced
minor price cuts for essential commodities as part of its new
economic strategy, while police and troops patrolled the
northern Copperbelt to prevent any outbreaks of rioting.
    However, staple foods, such as bread, sugar and maize meal,
were not affected by the cuts and many people said this could
provoke trouble from disgruntled elements who had expected more
sweeping reductions.
    Observers in the capital expressed disillusionment with the
small extent of the price cuts, which ranged up to 10 pct on
items such as blankets, soap, detergents and baby food.
    Residents in the Copperbelt contacted by telephone said
government forces had set up roadblocks around the main towns.
    In Lusaka, business went on as usual and there was no sign
of troops or police reinforcements on the streets.
    President Kaunda had ordered the price reductions to take
account of lower import costs following the revaluation of the
kwacha to a fixed rate of eight per dlr from 21 on May 1.
    The revaluation formed part of a new go-it-alone economic
strategy which Kaunda adopted to replace Zambia's IMF austerity
program.
    Labour leaders in the Copperbelt said last week gangs of
unemployed youths were being formed in the politically volatile
region to take action against shops that did not reduce their
prices after today's deadline. Fifteen people were killed in
the Copperbelt during food riots last December after the
government tried to lift maize subsidies.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17521>
Residents of central Oklahoma
returned to their homes over the weekend after a week of heavy
rains and severe flooding that left two dead and caused more
than 20 mln dlrs in damage, officials said.
    Some 900 people were evacuated from their homes during the
rains and flooding last week, civil defense officials said.
    Many of the shelters set up throughout the state in areas
threatened by flooding, except those near the Washita and Red
Rivers, closed as residents returned to their damaged homes.
    Farmers who had expected a near-record wheat crop now say
this year will see one of the largest losses in decades.
    Gov. Henry Bellmon, who on Thursday declared a flooding
emergency for central Oklahoma, was expected to ask President
Reagan for federal disaster relief for the area.
    In northern Texas, officials reported several tornadoes on
Friday. A twister in Lubbock yesterday damaged six mobile homes
and two houses. No injuries were reported.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17662>
The French Cereals Intervention Board
(ONIC) will tender Wednesday for 20,000 tonnes soft wheat for
Pakistan under the French food aid programme, an ONIC official
said.
    The grain will be shipped between June 15 and July 15.
    ONIC also will hold a tender June 9 for 65,000 tonnes soft
wheat under the European Community food aid programme, for
shipment in bulk during August, the official said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17755>
The Commodity Credit Corporation (CCC)
has reallocated 50.0 mln dlrs in credit guarantees from the
previously announced undesignated line to provide additional
guarantees for sales of feedgrains, oilseeds, and wheat to
South Korea, the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    The department said the action increases the feed grains
line by 23 mln dlrs to 63 mln, the oilseed line by seven mln
dlrs to 52 mln, and the wheat guarantee line by 20 mln to 165
mln dlrs.
    The undesignated line is reduced to zero.
    The commodities are for delivery during the current fiscal
year ending this September 30, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17769>
Private exporters reported sales of
150,000 tonnes of barley to Saudi Arabia for delivery in the
1987/88 season, the U.S. Agriculture Deapartment said.
    The 1987/88 season for barley begins today.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17955>
The French ship Capitaine Wallis, 13,847
dwt, berthed at the port of Geelong in Victoria today to load
8,000 tonnes of urgently needed wheat for Fiji after Australian
port unions partly lifted a trade embargo, shipping sources
said.
    The wheat is expected to be loaded tomorrow, an Australian
Wheat Board spokesman said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17962>
Fiji today welcomed the ending of a trade
ban imposed by Australian labor unions as supporters of the
country's ousted prime minister Timoci Bavadra renewed pressure
for his reinstatement with strikes and shop closures.
    The government welcomed a decision by the Australian
Waterside Workers' Federation to lift its ban on shipments to
Fiji, imposed in support of Bavadra, whose newly-elected
government was overthrown in a military coup on May 14.
    The ban had threatened food shortages of imported wheat,
fresh vegetables and medicines. A direct result of the union
decision would be the immediate shipment of 9,000 tons of rice
and wheat from an Australian port, the government said.
    Shops in Nadi and Lautoka, center of the country's sugar
industry, closed again today in support of Bavadra.
    In Nadi two bomb threats forced evacuation of the
Australian Westpac bank, but police said they turned out to be
a hoax. Bavadra has launched a campaign of civil disobedience
to press for his reinstatement.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18024>
Italy's barley crop is generally in good
condition and harvesting is expected to begin shortly, the
agricultural marketing information and research board Irvam
said.
    First consignments were expected to be available around
mid-June.
    Excellent weather, characterised by alternating periods of
sunshine and rain, has encouraged growth except in Sardinia,
which was expected to lose a large part of its barley crop
because of extreme dryness.
    Irvam said yields are expected higher than last year's low
levels if favourable weather continues in the next few weeks.
    Given an average yield of 3.5 tonnes per hectare, national
production would be around two pct higher than in the previous
season at just above 1.6 mln tonnes, it said.
    If yields reach the record 3.78 tonnes per hectare achieved
in 1984, production would be around 1.75 mln tonnes, an
increase of 11 pct compared to 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18035>
The House Agriculture Committee voted
to make approximately 2.8 billion dlrs of feedgrains deficiency
payments immediately instead of in the late fall.
    A similar measure was decisively defeated on the Senate
floor last week.
    The bill, which passed by a voice vote, would allow
so-called Findley payments to be made immediately rather than
late this year. Payments for 1987-90 feedgrains crops would not
be changed.
    Because the bill would move 2.8 billion dlrs of spending
into fiscal 1987 from fiscal 1988, the measure is expected to
meet stiff resistance in the full House.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18263>
The Commodity Credit Corporation, CCC,
has accepted bids for export bouses to cover sales of 150,000
tonnes of U.S. barley to Saudi Arabia, the U.S. Agriculture
Department said.
    The CCC accepted three bonus offers from one exporter which
averaged 40.88 dlrs per tonne, it said.
    The barley is for delivery August 15-November 30 in three
shiments of 50,000 tonnes each.
    The bonus awards were made to Louis Dreyfus Corporation and
will be paid in the form of commodities from CCC stocks.
    An additional 350,000 tonnes of U.S. barley are still
available to Saudi Arabia under the Export Enhancement Program
initiative annnounced on May 15, 1987, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18275>
Some producers in the 1987 acreage
reduction program may be eligible for deficiency payments on 92
pct of their enrolled acreage even though none of it is planted
with wheat or other program crops, the U.S. Agriculture
Department said.
    The department said the provision of the Farm Disaster
Assistance Act will be available to all eligible winter wheat
producers, producers of other types of wheat who were prevented
from planting their 1987 wheat crop because of a 1986 natural
disaster, and all producers who operate farms with program crop
acreage bases subject to flooding on 50 pct of such crop's
permitted acreage.
    A producer who did not enroll in the 1987 acreage reduction
program may become eligible by signing-up no later than July
15. Producers will be informed by the local offices when
applications are being accepted, it said.
    The department said producers of wheat other than winter
wheat may use the 0/92 option if they were preventedf from
planting their intended acreage with wheat for harvest in 1987
because of any natural disasters which occured in 1986 or if
the farm is located in a county approved by Farmers Home
Administration for emergency loans for such disasters that
occurred in 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18297>
After a highly favorable reception of
a trial batch of bread baked from 300 lbs of U.S. wheat flour
last February, the Senegalese appear ready to take delivery of
a first tranche of 10,500 tonnes of mixed U.S. wheat, the U.S.
Agriculture Department said.
    In its report on U.S. Export Markets for U.S. Grain, the
department noted Senegal had bought 100,000 tonnes of wheat
under the Export Enhancement Program last November, but local
opposition from millers, accustomed to French wheat, has been
delaying deliveries.
    As a result there were a series of baking seminars as well
as the trial batch, in an effort to satisfy local flour millers
and convince key officials of the qualities of U.S. wheat.
    The department said if deliveries of U.S. wheat to Senegal
remain on track, the U.S. could dominate a wheat market that
had been expected to import 140,000 tonnes of mostly French
wheat during the 1987/88 (July-June) season.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18306>
Widespread, soaking rains aided crop
development across the province, with the northwest crop
producing region receiving the most precipitation, according to
the Manitoba Agriculture weekly crop report.
    The rains replenished formerly low soil moisture reserves,
with reserves in all areas now rated good, the report said.
    Plantings were virtually complete across the province and
germination was well advanced. However, some fields still
showed spotty stands.
    Cereal crops in the southwest were 90 pct germinated, with
some fields already in the subsequent tillering stage, it said.
Oilseeds in the northwest region were about 80 pct emerged in
many areas, with other regions 50 to 70 pct emerged.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18345>
Ninety-six pct of Alberta and
northeastern British Columbia crops have been seeded, about a
week ahead of the 10 year average, according to the Alberta
wheat pool report.
    Hard red spring wheat accounts for most acreage with 6.0
mln estimated for this year, little changed from last year.
Oats acreage of 1.95 mln is unchanged on last year and barley
area of 5.9 mln is also similar to last year. Rapeseed planting
of an estimated 3.24 mln is expected five pct up on 1986. The
south and south central areas of Alberta lacked moisture with
germination patchy at best. Growth prospects in northern areas
are generally in the good to very good range.
   Soil moisture is better in the north central and Peace
areas, the wheat pool said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18482>
Japanese compound feed output rose 2.3 pct
to 25.80 mln tonnes in 1986/87 ended March 31 from 25.23 mln a
year earlier, the Agriculture Ministry said.
    The marginal rise reflected slight growth in demand for
poultry raising and a moderate increase in demand for beef
cattle raising, Ministry officials said.
    Compound feed sales totalled 26.01 mln tonnes in 1986/87
against 25.40 mln a year ago, while end-March stocks were
217,554 tonnes against 224,101.
    Corn use in feed output in 1986/87 rose to 11.71 mln tonnes
from 11.02 mln a year earlier due to low import prices.
    The officials said corn imports rose because the world
surplus and the yen's strength against the dollar reduced
Chicago prices. The corn compounding ratio rose to 45.2 pct in
1986/87 from 43.4 pct a year earlier.
    Sorghum use rose marginally to 4.80 mln tonnes in 1986/87
from 4.79 mln, but the compounding ratio fell to 18.5 pct from
18.9 pct because of greater corn use. Higher import prices due
to poor harvests last year in major producing nations such as
Argentina made feed makers reluctant to use sorghum.
    Soybean meal use fell to 2.58 mln tonnes from 2.63 mln and
the compounding ratio declined to 10.0 pct from 10.3 pct.
    The drop in soybean meal consumption resulted from
increased use of cheaper rapeseed meal, the officials said.
    Rapeseed consumption in 1986/87 was 563,889 tonnes against
528,152 a year earlier. The compounding ratio rose to 2.2 pct
from 2.1 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18609>
Indonesia rejected World Bank
recommendations for sweeping reforms to its farm economy, as
the country's foreign aid donors met to consider giving it 2.5
billion dlrs in grants and soft loans.
    Agriculture Minister Achmad Affandi, in written remarks
distributed today as Indonesia's 14 foreign donor nations met
at The Hague, said, "The general argument presented by the Bank
for this free trade, open economy view is weak."
    The Bank called for overhauls in how Indonesia manages the
largest farm area in South-east Asia, and said agricultural
growth was stagnating under subsisides for rice farming.
    The Bank report said Indonesia's rice production had peaked
and the subsidies are a waste of money.
    Affandi replied that rice is the main staple and provides
an income for 17 pct of the workforce. The subsidies were
needed to support the fertilizer industry, including importers,
exporters, producers and distributors, he said, as well as
assisting in small part the majority of Indonesian farmers.
    Affandi agreed with a bank recommendation that farmers
should be free to choose their own crops, but he said the
government would continue to maintain production targets for
"strategic commodities" such as rice and sugar.
    The Bank report was especially critical of Indonesia's
drive to plant sugar, saying domestic sugar prices are double
the world average because of inefficiencies, and the country
would save money by importing the commodity.
    However, Affandi said volatile world sugar prices, the need
to save foreign exchange and an already up-and-running sugar
industry were good arguments for continuing the sugar drive.
    He also said import barriers and trade monopolies in the
agricultural sector were needed to help domestic industry
develop and because of "over-production and price intervention
in the developed nations."
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18614>
U.S. House and Senate budget
negotiators agreed as part of an overall budget accord reached
yesterday, to cut 1.25 billion dlrs from fiscal 1988 spending
on agricultural programs, Congressional sources told Reuters.
    The agreed cut in farm programs is a compromise between 1.4
billion sought by the Senate and one billion by the House.
    The negotiators also agreed to cut 1.6 billion from the
farm budget in fiscal 1989 and 2.45 billion in 1990, for a
total of 5.3 billion in saving over three years, sources said.
    The agreement presents the House and Senate Agriculture
committees with difficult choices on how to make changes in
agriculture programs that achieve the budget savings targets
without jeopardizing popular support payments, senior
Congressional aides told Reuters.
    Some farm state lawmakers already are manuevering to find
the budget savings.
    Rep. Dan Glickman, D-Kan., Chairman of the House grains
subcommittee, has introduced a bill which would freeze wheat
and corn loan rates for the 1988 crop at the current 2.28 dlrs
and 1.92 dlrs respectively, saying it would save 500 mln dlrs.
    House Agriculture Committee chairman Kika De la Garza has
said the committee will consider the Glickman proposal.
    But Congressional sources said the proposal is unlikely to
be approved because of opposition from Republican lawmakers and
a strong stance by Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng, who said
freezing loan rates would send the wrong signal to other major
grain export competitors and would not achieve the budget
savings Glickman claims.
    Another area where Glickman and other have said budget
savings might be made is to increase acreage reduction program,
ARP, levels for wheat and corn.
    However, on this issue also Lyng has taken a strong stand
within the Reagan administration, arguing that the 1988 crop
wheat acreage reduction should be left at 27.5 pct and not 30
pct as sought by the Office of Management and Budget, OMB. Most
commodity lobbyists expect Lyng to prevail.
    Congressional sources said the only way to achieve
significant budget cuts through ARP increases would be to boost
the 1988 corn ARP. But one informed Congressional source said
singling-out corn for an ARP increase would would be seen as
unfair to one commodity.
    Congressional sources said the areas where Congress is most
likely to eventually look for budget savings are some
tightening of the payment limitation rules, and possible 
adoption of a 0/92 program for the 1988 crops of major grains.
    Those changes would achieve a portion of the 1.25 billion
but not enough, they said.
    Ultimately, Congressional sources said the agriculture
committees may be forced to apply an across-the-board cut on
all Commodity Credit Corp. payments to farmers, including price
support loans and deficiency payments, similar to the
Gramm-Rudman-Hollings budget cut applied in fiscal 1986.
    This idea has been suggested by the American Farm Bureau
Federation, AFBF, as the fairest approach for all commodities.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18642>
Indonesia rejected World Bank
recommendations for sweeping reforms to its farm economy, as
the country's foreign aid donors met to consider giving it 2.5
billion dlrs in grants and soft loans.
    Agriculture Minister Achmad Affandi, in written remarks
distributed today as Indonesia's 14 foreign donor nations met
at The Hague, said, "The general argument presented by the Bank
for this free trade, open economy view is weak."
    The Bank called for overhauls in how Indonesia manages the
largest farm area in South-east Asia, and said agricultural
growth was stagnating under subsidies for rice farming.
    The Bank report said Indonesia's rice production had peaked
and the subsidies are a waste of money.
    Affandi replied that rice is the main staple and provides
an income for 17 pct of the workforce. The subsidies were
needed to support the fertilizer industry, including importers,
exporters, producers and distributors, he said, as well as
assisting in small part the majority of Indonesian farmers.
    Affandi agreed with a bank recommendation that farmers
should be free to choose their own crops, but he said the
government would continue to maintain production targets for
"strategic commodities" such as rice and sugar.
    The Bank report was especially critical of Indonesia's
drive to plant sugar, saying domestic sugar prices are double
the world average because of inefficiencies, and the country
would save money by importing the commodity.
    However, Affandi said volatile world sugar prices, the need
to save foreign exchange and an already up-and-running sugar
industry were good arguments for continuing the sugar drive.
    He also said import barriers and trade monopolies in the
agricultural sector were needed to help domestic industry
develop and because of "over-production and price intervention
in the developed nations."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18899>
The European Community (EC) has increased
the size of two special export tenders for British and West
German feed wheat held in intervention stores and included
South Korea as an acceptable destination, traders said.
    The tender was originally for 120,000 tonnes of British and
120,000 tonnes of West German feed wheat for shipment only to
Poland.
    But now both tranches have been increased by 50,000 tonnes
to 170,000 tonnes with South Korea added as a possible
destination. Both tenders are open from June 24.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18908>
The EC Commission cereals management
committee rejected all bids for licences to export free market
Spanish barley to non-EC countries, trade sources said.
    The licence requests were for 35,000 tonnes at between 143
and 145 European Currency Units (ECUs), they said.
    This tender was part of a special tender for 500,000 tonnes
of Spanish barley.
    The sources said there had been no bids for licences for
free market soft wheat and non-Spanish barley exports to non-EC
countries.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18954>
China has added 30,000 tonnes of U.S.
corn to its previous commitments, according to the U.S.
Agriculture Department's latest Export Sales report.
    The report, covering transactions in the week June 11, the
additional corn resulted from changes in destinations.
    Total corn commitments for delivery in the 1986/87 season
amount to 1,083,400 tonnes.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18973>
Sen. Tom Harkin, D-Iowa, defended his
controversial mandatory supply control farm bill and said U.S.
farmers should be allowed to vote in a referendum whether they
approve of the proposal.
    The Harkin proposal would set loan rates of 5.17 dlrs per
bushel for wheat, 3.77 dlrs for corn and 9.32 dlrs for
soybeans, all to be put in effect under strict controls on
planted acreage reductions. Present loan rates are 2.28 dlrs
for wheat, 1.92 for corn, and effectively 4.56 for soybeans.
    Also under the plan, the U.S. would seek a world market
sharing cartel with the European Community and other exporting
nations, to share-out export markets, Harkin said during the
first of several Senate Agriculture subcommittee hearings
examining farm programs.
    Harkin made the following claims in testimony on his
"Family Farm Act."
    -- The mandatory control bill would increase farm income
and reduce government spending on agriculture.
    -- Harkin said his policy of high price supports would not
ruin U.S. agricultural exports as critics claim, but would
increase overall revenue from exports.
    This would be done by seeking agreement among major
exporting countries including the European Community on market
sharing at agreed high prices.
    Sen. Christopher Bond, R-Mo., countered during the hearing
that such a grain export cartel is not workable.
    -- Harkin acknowledged that higher commodity price supports
would be passed onto consumers, but he said high food prices
stem more from "gouging" by food processing companies than from
high farm product prices.
    Harkin cited what he termed "excessive" net returns on
equity over five years of 33.4 pct at Kellogg, 31.9 pct
Monfort, 22.8 pct Nabisco, 22.8 pct ConAgra, 21.2 pct H.J.
Heinz, 19.1 pct Ralston Purina, 17.2 pct Pillsbury and 16.7 pct
Quaker Oats.
    -- Harkin said a "legitimate" concern about his bill would
be the impact of higher prices on livestock producers.
    He said as a transition to the higher prices, he would
allow livestock producers to purchase Commodity Credit Corp.
grain stocks for three years.
    Thereafter, livestock farmers would benefit from a
"predictable and stable" grain price, he said.
    -- Harkin said that under his policy approach farm
participation would be no more "mandatory" than the current
farm program. He said farmers now must participate in farm
programs in order to receive credit for planting and to protect
farm income.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19055>
The navy is unloading
foodgrains at Chittagong port following a strike by nearly
1,000 dockworkers, Bangladesh Shipping Corp officials said.
    The navy was unloading 74,000 tonnes of foodgrains from two
ships today, and four vessels laden with some 90,000 tonnes of
grains were waiting at the outer anchorage, port officials
said.
    A spokesman for the workers said they would continue their
strike until authorities agree to their demands for higher pay
and other benefits. The strike began on June 11.
    "Unloading of grains and other essential commodities started
normally after we called in navy personnel to help," a port
official told Reuters.
    "The strike has caused no serious dislocation," he said.
    The government meanwhile declared the port jobs an
"essential service" and said the strikers could be dismissed
unless they end the strike soon.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19059>
The government should cut its consumer
rice price if the official producer price is reduced next
month, Tetsuo Kondo, director general of the government's
Economic Planning Agency (EPA), told reporters.
    Kondo said after a cabinet meeting that consumers should
receive the benefits of the falling costs of rice farming due
to the strong yen and lower oil prices.
    Agriculture Ministry sources said the producer rice price
paid to rice farmers would be cut after discussions by the Rice
Price Council, an advisory body to the ministry, on July 1 and
2. The consumer rice price is usually set in December.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19165>
Ghana has lifted a ban on rice and maize
imports due to crop problems caused by unusually dry weather,
the official Ghana News Agency (GNA) reported today.
    Secretary for Finance and Economic Planning Kwesi Botchwey
made the announcement last night while accepting 7,891 tonnes
of rice worth about four mln dlrs under a Japanese food aid
programme.
    The lifting of the ban, imposed earlier this year, follows
government concern over "lower than average rainfall in southern
Ghana and its implications for the major harvest."
    Botchwey said rain has been lacking in major cereal growing
areas throughout the south this year. The Ministry of
Agriculture has predicted a fall of at least 25 pct in all
major staple crops including maize, rice and cassava.
    GNA quoted Botchwey as saying that while the consequences
of current reduced rainfall will be nowhere near the drought
experiences of 1982/83 the government has taken steps to
alleviate anticipated food production shortfalls.
    The failure of seasonal rains has already seriously
affected drinking water supplies, farming and fishing in parts
of the Central and Volta regions of Ghana where rivers have
dried up.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19169>
There will be no serious bids at European
Community open market tenders for wheat and barley until EC
farm ministers agree to the 1987/88 farm price package, trade
sources said.
    The failure of farm ministers this week to come to an
agreement resulted in no bids at this week's tender for export
subsidies and traders said bids are unlikely as long as the
uncertainty remains.
    One trader said permanent damage to export prospects can be
avoided if an agreemend can be reached soon, but the situation
will become more serious as time passes.
    However, traders said there seem to be few buyers around,
lessening the disruptive impact of the delay.
    Poland and South Korea, who are in the market for feed
wheat, will be offered intervention grain through special
tenders, traders said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19213>
Tunisia has bought 150,000 tonnes of
French soft wheat for August to December shipment at 76.70 dlrs
per tonne fob with COFACE export credit, trade sources said.
    This is the second French soft wheat export sale for the
1987/88 season which starts on July 1 and follows a Brazilian
purchase of 150,000 tonnes.
    France sold around 300,000 tonnes of soft wheat to Tunisia
during the 1986/87 season.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19275>
Hot, dry weather has caused some
deterioration in Saskatchewan crops, according to the
Saskatchewan Wheat Pool's weekly crop report.
    Rain was needed in the southwest, west-central and
northeast regions, and other regions were expected to need rain
soon.
    Summerfallow crops were in fair to good condition, while
stubble crops were rated fair to poor. Wheat, durum, oats and
barley crops were all one-pct headed, rye was 40 pct in the
milk stage and winter wheat was 21 pct milk stage.
    Flax was 51 pct tillering, and canola was 58 pct tillering.
    Areas of the southern grain belt were hit by high winds and
hail Tuesday, with some damage reported.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19322>
Brazil has bought 75,000 tonnes
of French wheat at tender, a Brazilian Wheat Board spokesman
said.
    He said the Board accepted offers for 25,000 tonnes of
wheat from grain firm J. Souffle at 80.49 dlrs per tonne Fob
for August shipment.
    For September shipment, the Board bought 25,000 tonnes from
Graniere at 79.32 dlrs per tonne Fob, and for October shipment
it accepted 25,000 tonnes from Andre and Companie at 79.47 dlrs
per tonne Fob.
    The next tender, for Aug/Sept/Oct shipment, was set for
June 24, the spokesman said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19388>
The Commodity Credit Corporation
(CCC) has reallocated 1.3 mln dlrs in credit guarantees
originally granted to cover the sale of protein meals to El
Salvador so it may buy rice, the U.S. Agriculture Department
said.
    The action reduces the guarantee line authorized for sales
of protein meals to 12.7 mln dlrs and creates a rice credit
guarantee line of 1.3 mln dlrs, the department said.
    All sales under the credit guarantee lines must be
registered and exports completed by September 30, the
department said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19549>
Polish farmers will receive price rises
ranging from 13.4 pct for some crops to 23.3 pct for meat from
July 1, the Finance and Agriculture ministries said.
    The state procurement price for rape will rise 13.4 pct to
5,500 zloties per quintal, while wheat and rye will go up an
average 18.2 pct to 3,100 and 2,400 zloties per quintal. Pork
will rise by 18.8 pct and beef 23.3 pct.
    The ministries said the new prices aimed to ensure farmers'
profits and meet higher living costs. But at the same time they
said fertilisers would rise by an average 50 pct, animal feeds
by 38 pct and tractors by 25 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19668>
Danish crops are up to two weeks
behind normal growth levels due to the cold weather in May and
June, when mean temperatures were up to four centigrade below
average, the State Plant Cultivation Bureau said in a report.
    At the season's first crop test on June 26, the bureau
rated crops at an overall 94, the same as on June 20 last year.
The figure of 100 represents normal in a year of average growth
conditions with no crop damage.
    The test gave ratings expressed as a factor of 100, as
follows - winter wheat 96 (last year 91), winter rye 97 (98),
winter barley 92 (90), spring barley 94 (98), oats 96 (98),
fodder and sugar beets 87 (96), winter rapeseed 98 (94), spring
rapeseed 94 (98).
    Final harvest figures for 1986 were not yet available.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19721>
Weekend rain over the Western Corn Belt
brought further relief to crop areas that had been dry earlier
this month, and developing weather patterns will bring welcome
moisture to central and eastern belt locations this week,
according to Dale Mohler, senior meteorologist for Accu-Weather
Inc.
    "There is going to be more rain for the next two, three
days," he said. "We're in a fairly wet pattern with normal to
above normal moisture this week."
    Mohler said rainfall averaged 1/2 inch across southern
Minnesota, 3/4 inch over southwest Iowa, one inch in eastern
Nebraska and 1-1/2 inches in south-central Nebraska.
    Illinois fields saw virtually no rain over the weekend but
were receiving scattered thundershower activity today, he said.
    Rain patterns will move across Indiana to Ohio with
thudershower activity yielding to more general rains, he said.
    "Tomorrow, that eastern area will get 1/4 to one inch, a
pretty good rain," Mohler said.
    Rain was heavier than expected over the weekend, sparking
an early selloff in soybean futures at the Chicago Board of
Trade. Prices were off 14 to 20-1/2 cents with November off
19-1/2 cents at 5.43-1/2 dlrs.
    Mohler said the cold front now over the eastern belt is
expected to move over the central Midwest, then move north
later in the week. That could bring new rain patterns across
the Corn Belt and assure good crop conditions as
early-developed corn moves into the crucial pollination stage
in early July, he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19835>
The Pakistani government allowed the
private sector to export cotton and rice in a new trade policy
announced to cover the next three years.
    Commerce and Planning Minister Mahbubul Haq said in a
televised speech it was also decided to allow duty-free import
of cotton yarn.
    Cotton and rice are Pakistan's main exports, which have
been handled exclusively by state corporations since early
1970s. Haq said now the private sector would export cotton and
rice along with the state corporations.
    He said duty-free import of cotton yarn was allowed to make
high quality yarn available to local ancillary industries and
to enable them to compete effectively in the world market. This
would help overcome domestic shortages of yarn, he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19947>
Pakistani government allowed freer
cotton and rice export in a three-year new trade policy aimed
at narrowing the country's yawning trade gap.
    Commerce and Planning Minister Mahbubul Haq said in a
televised speech the government had also decided to allow
duty-free import of cotton yarn to make the textile industry
more competitive, and to link bulk tea imports to the export of
Pakistani products.
   
    Cotton and rice are Pakistan's main exports, which have
been handled exclusively by state corporations since early
1970s.
    But Haq said now the private sector would also export
cotton and rice along with the corporations, which meets a
long-standing demand of the local traders.
    The duty-free import of cotton yarn has been allowed to
bring down prices and help the local ancillary industries
compete effectively in the world market, he said.
   
    Haq said the new policy, effective from the fiscal year
1987/88 beginning on July 1, would be for three years but
reviewed every year.
    It was a departure from the previous practice of announcing
trade policies for a single fiscal year, and Haq said it would
enable the businessmen to plan their market strategies over a
longer period.
    He said an export credit of 250 mln dlrs had been provided
for the export of engineering goods to selected third world
countries on soft credit terms.
   
    Pakistan's 1986/87 exports at 3.6 billion dlrs, 18.2 per
cent more than in the previous year, and imports at 5.23
billion dlrs compared to 5.63 billion dlrs in 1985/86.
    He said the government policy was to rationalise and
streamline import controls.
    "It has been observed that due to restrictions on imports,
specially on raw materials and intermediate goods, local
industry has been suffering for want of necessary inputs," he
said. "Prices have been on the increase and quality of goods
produced has been low. This restrictive policy also gave rise
to smuggling and hampering of exports."
   
    He said that to correct this situation, 136 items had freed
from import restrictions.
    Previously, Pakistan has met its trade gap largely from
remittances from its nationals working abroad, mainly in the
Gulf. However, the remittances have begun to fall after the
drop in oil prices in recent years leading to the spectre of a
balance of payments crisis for Pakistan.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19964>
Prospects appear slim for a summer
meeting between U.S. and Soviet officials before the two
countries enter the final year of their bilateral grains
agreement, Agriculture Department officials said.
    The two sides usually try to meet as each new year of the
agreeement approaches although the last meeting was delayed up
to last February. However, any delay this year should not
endanger the fifth year of the grains agreement that extends
through September, 1988, USDA officials said.
    "It will be difficult to pull together the people for the
meeting during July," an aide to USDA undersecretary Daniel
Amstutz said.
    Since the last meeting was only around four months ago, the
next talks could still be a "couple more months," he said.
   
    There has been grain industry speculation that the USDA
will offer Moscow another wheat subsidy during the next
marketing year. But USDA officials said even if consultations
were held soon a subsidy offer would probably not be made.
    "I doubt that there would be any subsidy offer this summer
or before the next agreement year begins," a USDA source said.
    Citing limited subsidy funds and uncertainties about next
year's crops, he said, "There are too many variables now. It
would be uncharacteristic of us to make an offer now."
    Under the nonbinding pact, Moscow has agreed to purchase a
minimum of nine mln tonnes of U.S. grain per year. Soviet and
U.S. officials normally meet in the summer before the start of
a new agreement year to discuss grain quality, shipping
logistics and production outlooks.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20018>
Tanzania has arranged to sell
53,000 tonnes of maize to Malawi, Mozambique and Zaire, radio
Tanzania said.
    The radio said the grain would be delivered soon, but gave
no details about the value of the sales.
    Tanzania is expecting a record maize harvest of 2.3 mln
tonnes in the 1987/88 financial year ending June, up from a
bumper crop of 2.1 mln in 1986/87.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20052>
The Manila-based International Rice
Research Institute (IRRI) said West German agricultural
scientist Klaus Lampe will take over as its director-general in
early 1988, succeeding M.S. Swaminathan.
    An IRRI statement said Lampe, 56, is currently senior
adviser to the German Agency for Technical Cooperation at
Eschborn and was a former head of the agriculture section of
the Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation.
    It said Swaminathan, who has headed IRRI since 1982, will
concentrate on environmental and agricultural issues.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20231>
The Soviets have not indicated an
urgent need for a U.S. wheat subsidy offer, and it is unlikely
that such an offer will be ma during the U.S./Soviet summit
expected to be held next month, Agriculture Secretary Richard
Lyng told Reuters.
    In an exclusive interview with Reuters, Lyng said he did
not know if the United States will offer Moscow another wheat
subsidy offer this year or when that offer will be made.
    "Last year it was well into the year before we offered it.
There's been nothing that's taken place to indicate to me that
there's a pressing need on their part for that sort of deal (a
wheat subsidy)."
    When asked if a subsidy would be offered at a U.S./Soviet
summit, Lyng said, "No, I don't think so. I don't think that."
    The Agriculture Secretary said a U.S. wheat subsidy deal to
Moscow would not be the kind of topic appropriate for
discussion at a summit.
    "It would not be the kind of issue that the President or the
Chairman would get into specific negotiations or discussions
about," Lyng said.
    "When Mr. Nikonov (communist party secretary for
agriculture) was here ... he indicated that trade in wheat was
not something that would be discussed with the President of the
United States. He said it's not presidential," Lyng said.
    Lyng said uncertainties about wheat quality in some major
producing areas of the world, volatile wheat prices and the
still unfinished Soviet grain harvest could delay any final
decision on the timing of another wheat subsidy to Moscow.
    The future of the U.S./Soviet long-term grains agreement
will be discussed the first of next year, Lyng said, but the
Agriculture Secretary questioned the benefits of the
long-standing agreement.
    "We've had three years in a row in which the Soviets have
failed to live up to their end of the agreement ... We would
love to continue to keep doing busines with the Soviet Union,
but do we need a long-term agreement. Who benefits from that.
These are some of the questions we need to discuss."
    When asked if he felt the United States has benefitted from
the agreement, Lyng said, "I don't know. It certainly hasn't
been what we had hoped it would be. For three years running
they've (Moscow) failed to live up to what we considered was an
agreement."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20239>
Indications are that USDA accepted
Algeria's bid for 75,000 tonnes of hard red winter wheat, but
rejected bids for the remaining 225,000 tonnes under its export
bonus tender, U.S. exporters said.
    USDA accepted Algeria's bid of 94.00 dlrs per tonne, c and
f, for 50,000 tonnes for Nov 10-25 shipment and 25,000 for Nov
20-Dec 10, the sources said. It rejected bids for wheat for
later shipment dates, they said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20258>
Sri Lanka has postponed until
November its tender for 75,000 tonnes of wheat under the export
bonus program, originally scheduled for today, U.S. exporters
said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20366>
Rumors circulated among the trade
this morning that the USSR may have purchased between one and
two mln tonnes of U.S. corn, but there was no confirmation.
    One dealer said he felt some business had been done, but
that the amount probably was on the low end of trade estimates.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20511>
The European Community (EC) agreed a
trade deal with Argentina designed to compensate the country
following the entry of Spain and Portugal into the group, EC
officials said.
    Under the deal agreed by EC foreign ministers, Argentina
will gain additional trading rights on a series of products
including meat, fish and cereals by-products.
    But ministers failed to agree on new trade deals with
Canada and Japan and are due to study these again, the
officials said.
    The deal with Argentina was agreed by a majority of EC
states after West Germany withdrew objections to increased
quotas for Argentina on high-quality beef.
    Ireland and France continued to oppose the deal on meat,
saying that the main dispute was over sales of cereals
substitutes, but they were outvoted by the other states, the
officials said. Under the deal, Argentina will benefit from
improved quotas on exports of beef to the EC. In particular the
quota on high-quality Hilton beef will be raised by 4,500
tonnes to 34,300 tonnes and quotas on frozen boneless beef will
be increased by 3,000 tonnes to 53,000 tonnes.
    Argentina will also benefit from an additional quota of
5,000 tonnes of frozen hake fillets at 10 pct duty and reduced
levies on 550,000 tonnes of wheat bran, the officials said.
    The improved trade terms were offered after Argentina said
that Spain and Portugal's entry into the EC affected their
exports of cereals substitutes to these two countries. They
have been negotiated under the rules of GATT (General Agreement
on Tariffs and Trade).
    But officials said ministers had been unable to resolve
Canadian claims that its sales of certain fish to Spain had
been affected by the country's EC membership.
    Officials said the EC had asked GATT to arbitrate on the
fish dispute with Canada.
    Ministers also decided to continue talks with Japan. The EC
claims that Spain and Portugal's entry into the group has
improved trade conditions for Japan but has been unsatisfied
with Japanese offers of compensation.
    Japan's main offers were to improve inspection systems on
citrus fruits to aid EC exports, to improve tariffs for some
other farm produce, to increase tariffs for leather footwear
and to offer better trade terms for Spain and Portugal.
    EC External Trade Commissioner Willy De Clercq told
journalists: "We maintain our position that the (Japanese)
concessions were not enough."
    "We hope that there will be an improvement," he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20550>
Argentina's agriculture secretariat
set new support prices for grains and oilseeds, an official
statement said.
    It said the support price for wheat was hiked to 300
Australs per tonne from 250 previously and for sunflowerseed
from northwestern Argentina to 450 Australs from 360
previously. It said the price went into effect Monday.
    The secretariat said the support price of sorghum was
increased to 210 Australs per tonne from 200 Australs
previously and for maize to 250 Australs from 220 Australs
previously.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20611>
The Kansas City Commodity Credit Corp
office is preparing a wheat catalogue containing roughly 300
mln bushels, scheduled to be released in the next two to three
weeks, a CCC spokesman said.
    The catalogue should include all CCC stocks stored at
terminals and about 50 pct of the stocks stored at country
elevators, the spokesman said. Hard red winter wheat should
comprise the bulk of the stocks, followed by spring wheat, he
said.
    The release date is tentative in case there are snags in
the catalogue's preparation, the spokesman said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20645>
Private exporters reported sales of
125,000 tonnes of U.S. corn to the Soviet Union for delivery
during the 1987/88 season and under the fifth year of the Long
Term Grain Supply Agreement.
    The department noted the sales are the first reported for
delivery during the fifth year of the Agreement, which began
October 1, 1987.
    Sales of wheat and corn to the USSR for delivery during the
fourth year of the agreement totaled 8,182,500 tonnes --
4,080,500 tonnes of wheat and 4,102,300 tonnes of corn. In
addition, sales of soybeans totaled 68,200 tonnes, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20649>
Spanish farm minister Carlos Romero,
speaking at a meeting of EC farm ministers, called for action
to help the Spanish maize market, Spanish diplomatic sources
said.
    Spain is threatened with massive imports from third
countries by the end of the year, they said.
    They said the imports are due to come in as a result of the
accord by which the EC has promised the United States it will
import two mln tonnes of maize and 300,000 tonnes of sorghum
into Spain from third countries this year.
    Around a sixth of this tonnage has so far come in under a
reduced levy system and the EC cereals management committee may
decide this week to authorise the Spanish intervention board to
make direct purchases.
    The sources said Romero urged that other EC countries
should take some of the imports to prevent disturbance of the
Spanish market.
    They said he threatened to withhold support for the EC
Commission plan for new limits on farm output which if breached
would mean price cuts unless Spain received some help.
    The sources said no direct reply was given to Romero at the
meeting.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20723>
El Salvador will tender October 26 for
approximately 26,000 tonnes soybean meal, valued at up to 5.6
mln dlrs, and about 24,500 tonnes bulk corn, with a value of
2.0 mln dlrs, under PL-480 financing, an agent for the country
said.
    It said the country is seeking soymeal with 48 pct protein
minimum, 12 pct moisture maximum, and 3.5 pct maximum crude
fiber for delivery from November 15-30.
    The U.S. no. 2 or better yellow corn, with 14.5 pct
moisture maximum, is for delivery from November 8-25.
    Offers on the soymeal and corn are due at 1530 hrs EDT
(1930 gmt) Oct 26, and will remain valid until 1000 hrs EDT the
next day, the agent said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20738>
Algeria is tendering tonight for
225,000 tonnes of hard red winter wheat at 94.00 dlrs per
tonne, c and f, the balance of its original tender under the
export bonus program, U.S. exporters said.
    Algeria bought 75,000 tonnes for November and early
December shipmet at that bid, but USDA rejected the bid on
wheat for later shipments, the sources said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20763>
The Canadian Import Tribunal said the
countervailing duty on U.S. corn imports should be cut to 30
Canadian cts a bushel from 1.10 dlrs a bushel.
    In a report to the Canadian finance department, the
tribunal said the duty is hurting Canadian farmers and food
processors. The duty was imposed last year after the revenue
department found U.S. corn production was subsidized.
    It is now up to the government to decide whether to change
the duty.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21123>
Recent announcements from Moscow of
next year's grain production targets indicate that the Soviets
are estimating this year's grain crop at 205 to 213 mln tonnes,
Agriculture Department analysts said.
    USDA is projecting the Soviet crop at 210 mln tonnes, but
some earlier estimates from Soviet officials were that the 1987
grain crop could match the 1978 record of 237 mln tonnes.
    Moscow outlined its economic targets for 1988 on Monday,
putting the grain harvest goal at 235 mln tonnes. An analyst of
Soviet agriculture at USDA noted that a recent article in
Izvestia said Soviet grain production in 1988 is planned to be
"25 to 30 mln tonnes more than expected this year."
    "This indicates that their own estimate is for a 205 to 213
mln tonne (grain) crop," the analyst said.
   
    In calculating Moscow's crop estimate, USDA used the 235
mln tonne production goal, as well as a 238 mln tonne figure
published in a Soviet economic journal this month.
    USDA's production estimate of 210 mln tonnes reflects a
range of 207 to 212 mln tonnes, a USDA source said.
    Late season rains damaged Soviet crops, slowed harvest
progress and lowered Soviet production, analysts said.
    While in the U.S. earlier this month, Soviet agriculture
official Viktor Nikonov predicted that the grain crop would be
as good or better than last year's 210 mln tonne harvest.
    A member of Nikonov's party commented that although 230 mln
tonnes of grain were in the fields, harvest problems would
bring the final crop down to around 210 mln tonnes.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21152>
The Senate Agriculture committee voted
to limit changes in county loan rate differentials starting
with the 1988 crop as part of a budget deficit reduction
package.
    The panel also approved measures that could trigger larger
corn and wheat acreage reduction requirements, increase
farmer-held reserve storage payments, reduce a potential milk
support price cut, and require advance deficiency payments for
producers of major crops.
    A proposal to require imported tropical oils be labeled on
U.S. food products failed by a 10-8 vote.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21243>
The Senate Agriculture Committee was
expected to consider proposals that would limit adjustments in
county loan rate differentials which trigger larger corn and
wheat acreage reduction requirements, Senate staff said.
    A budget-saving proposal drafted by chairman Patrick Leahy
(D-Vt) would limit adjustments in county loan rate
differentials to no more than one pct per year from the
national average loan rate, starting with 1988 crops.
    The plan also would allow the Agriculture Secretary to
increase the unpaid acreage reduction requirement for corn by
"an appropriate amount to generate savings" if projected corn
stocks exceeded 6.0 billion bushels.
    Leahy's proposal would also allow a larger 1988 wheat set
aside if projected stocks surpassed 1.9 billion bushels.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21368>
The Soviet Union outlined its economic
targets for 1988 on Monday, stressing the need to improve
standards in the country's sluggish engineering industry.
    Planning chief Nikolai Talyzin told the Supreme Soviet
industrial output should rise by 4.5 pct in 1988, up from a
planned 4.4 pct in 1987. It rose 3.6 pct in Jan-Sept 1987.
    Talyzin said national income, the nearest Soviet equivalent
to gross national product, should rise by 4.3 pct against a
planned 4.1 pct this year. Gross national product measures the
output of a country's goods and services.
    He said the Kremlin planned to produce 235 mln tonnes of
grain in 1988 versus a planned 232 mln this year. Moscow
produced 210 mln tonnes in 1986.
    Kremlin leader Mikhail Gorbachev has described
machine-builing as a sector whose rapid modernization is
essential if the Soviet Union is to compete effectively on
world markets.
    "Certain difficulties have arisen this year in the
machine-building industry. The economy is not receiving a
considerable amount of the equipment that it requires," said
Talyzin, who heads the state planning committee GOSPLAN.
    Soviet data show the machine-building industry, which makes
machine tools, instruments and other engineering goods,
increased output by 3.3 pct in the first nine months of 1987
compared with the same period last year.
    However, this was far below the 7.3 pct increase planned
for the industry for the whole of 1988.
    Talyzin said the ruling Politburo had concluded at a recent
meeting that an improvement in economic performance depended to
a large extent on conserving resources better. "Large-scale
measures are planned to save resources," he said.
    Finance Minister Boris Gostev told the Supreme Soviet that
defense spending in 1988 would total 32 billion dlrs, the same
figure as was announced last year.
    Western governments view official Soviet estimates for
defense spending as highly understated, but say the real figure
is hard to calculate because Soviet military industries are
intertwined with the civilian economy.
    Talyzin said the Kremlin also decided to increase spending
next year on medical services, education, pensions and social
insurance schemes.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21493>
Thai traders plan to establish a company
to regulate maize forward trading, in what could be a first
step towards a commodities futures exchange, maize dealers
said.
    Traders and Internal Trade Department officials agreed last
week to commission a study on a structure to regulate maize
forward trading and to set up a company, Thailand Commodity
Exchange Co Ltd, with 30 businesses as shareholders who will
act as brokers in the futures market.
    Chanthong Pattamapong, a commodities trader asked to to
draw up the study, said if the maize futures market succeeds it
may be extended to other commodities, perhaps sugar and rubber.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21530>
China expects its 1987 grain harvest to be
397 mln tonnes, eight mln tonnes short of its target, the New
China News Agency quoted a State Statistical Bureau spokesman
as saying.
    The harvest will be China's second highest in history but
poor weather and low incentives for grain-producing farmers
have kept yields down, earlier Chinese press reports said.
    Industry sources expect China to import at least 10 mln
tonnes of grain this year because of the harvest shortfall.
    Chinese customs figures showed grain imports of 9.59 mln
tonnes in the first eight months of 1987, compared with 6.09
mln in the same 1986 period.
    Agriculture Minister He Kang said last month state prices
for grain purchase from growers were to be adjusted to increase
the incentive for grain production.
    China could not afford to become a major food importer, he
said.
    The State Statistics Bureau spokesman also said China's
1987 cotton output was expected to rise 10 pct over 1986 to 390
mln tonnes.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21570>
Thai rice exports rose to 72,987 tonnes
in the week ended October 13 from 54,075 the previous week, the
Commerce Ministry said.
    It said the government and private exporters shipped 26,272
and 46,715 tonnes respectively. Private exporters concluded
advance weekly sales for 106,640 tonnes against 98,152 the
previous week. The said it ministry expects at least 65,000
tonnes in exports next week.
    Thailand has shipped 3.43 mln tonnes of rice in the year to
date, down from 3.68 mln a year ago. It has commitments to
export another 388,390 tonnes this year.
 REUTER
</BODY>
