<BODY DOCID=14951>
The ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP)
has proposed expanding imports of 12 farm products named in a
U.S. Complaint against Japan to the General Agreement on
Tariffs and Trade last year, an LDP official said.
    The products include fruit juices, purees and pulp, some
tomato products, peanuts, prepared beef products and beans.
    The proposal will be used as the basis for a more detailed
LDP economic package to cut the trade surplus with the U.S. The
party is expected to formalise the package before April 19,
when LDP General Council Chairman Shintaro Abe visits
Washington.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15574>
India's oilseed output is expected to
rise to 12.25 mln tonnes in 1986/87 ending October, up on 11.15
mln in 1985/86 but down from 12.95 mln harvested in 1984/85,
the Agriculture Ministry's 1986/87 report said.
    But the forecast for 1986/87 is well below a target of 14.8
mln tonnes fixed for the year, it said, adding bad weather hit
groundnut and other oilseed crops.
    The National Oilseeds Development Program will invest 300
mln rupees in 1986/87 on supplying improved high-yielding seeds
and other support services to help boost production, it added.
India imports about 1.2 mln tonnes of edible oils a year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16147>
China has raised the state purchase
prices of corn, rice, cottonseed and shelled peanuts from April
1 to encourage farmers to grow them, the official China
Commercial Daily said.
    The paper said the price paid for corn from 14 northern
provinces, cities and regions has increased by one yuan per 50
kg. A foreign agricultural expert said the rise will take the
price to 17 fen per jin (0.5 kg) from 16 fen.
    The paper said the price for long-grained rice from 10
southern provinces and cities was raised by 1.5 yuan per 50 kg.
    The paper said the price for round-grained rice from 11
provinces, regions and cities in central, east and northwest
China has been increased by 1.75 yuan per 50 kg. It gave no
more price details.
    It said local authorities must inform farmers of the price
increases before farmers begin planting, to encourage
production of grains and oilseeds.
    Chinese officials have said farmers are unwilling to grow
grain because they can earn more from other crops.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19101>
U.S. Exports of edible
groundnuts could fall to 185,000 tonnes in the year to
September 1987 from 248,000 in the same 1986 period, trading
company Tracomin SA said.
    It revised its December 1986 forecast that exports would
total 205,000 tonnes, citing low demand, the loss of U.S.
Market share in the two main importing countries, Britain and
the Netherlands, and the sale of nuts intended for export at a
premium in the U.S. Domestic market.
    Tracomin estimated export availability from the 1986 crop
at 215,000 tonnes compared with 264,000 the previous year.
    Tracomin said it expects a good 1987 U.S. Groundnut crop
and forecast a resurgence in U.S. Exports next year.
    "Barring any market manipulations, a good U.S. Harvest in
1987 could lead to attractive prices, active trading and the
reappearance of the U.S.A as the world's leading producer of
peanuts," it said.
    Overall exports from China, the leading exporter last year,
will remain at exceptionally high levels this year despite
quality complaints and difficulties in implementing some
earlier high-priced contracts. It is too early to say if China
can retain its current market share in 1988, Tracomin said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
