<BODY DOCID=15532>
Chicago Mercantile Exchange floor
traders and commission house representatives are guesstimating
today's hog slaughter at about 287,000 to 295,000 head versus
292,000 week ago and 322,000 a year ago.
    Cattle slaughter is guesstimated at about 124,000 to
128,000 head versus 129,000 week ago and 134,000 a year ago.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16255>
Chicago Mercantile Exchange floor
traders and commission house representatives are guesstimating
today's hog slaughter at about 280,000 to 300,000 head versus
294,000 week ago and 303,000 a year ago.
    Cattle slaughter is guesstimated at about 120,000 to
126,000 head versus 120,000 week ago and 124,000 a year ago.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17823>
The U.S. Court of International Trade has
upheld the International Trade Commission's refusal to extend
countervailing duties on Canadian hogs to include pork
products, the National Pork Producers' Council said.
    The court's ruling came in an appeal to the Trade
Commission's decision filed by the Pork Producers' Council.
    Council president Tom Miller said he was disappointed by
the court ruling and said the council will accelerate
activities in support of an amendment to the 1930 Tariff Act
that would address the objections outlined in the Trade
Commission's ruling.
    The Commission had said there was insufficient economic
integration between the pork production industry and the pork
packing industry to justify extending the duty on live hogs to
fresh, chilled or frozen pork.
    The legislation has already passed the House of
Representatives and recently passed the Senate Finance
Committee. It is expected to be considered by the full Senate
by the end of the summer.
    An appeal by the Canadian Pork Council that the current
countervailing duty on Canadian hogs entering the U.S. be
lifted is pending before the Court.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17827>
Dekalb Corp said it sold its Heinold
Hog Market Inc to the unit's employees through an Employee
Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP).
    Terms were not disclosed, but president Bruce Bickner said
the sale will have a positive, but not substantial, impact on
DeKalb as a whole.
    The company said the hog marketing unit did not fit with
its strategy of investing in its core businesses.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19555>
Canada has threatened to stop imports
of Danish pigmeat from July 14 after Canadian veterinary
inspectors approved only two of 33 slaughterhouses, a Danish
agriculture ministry official told Reuters.
    The Canadians postponed the original July 1 deadline at the
request of the European Commission, which Denmark approached
for support.
    Danish Foreign Minister Uffe Ellemann-Jensen said in an
interview with the daily Berlingske Tidende: "Denmark will not
accept a ban on Danish meat exports, and I am sure we can reach
an understanding with the Canadians with the help of the EC."
    Danish pigmeat exports to Canada were worth 106 mln crowns
in 1986, while Canadian exports to the European Community
totalled about 6.5 billion U.S. Dlrs.
    Some Danish slaughterhouse officials expressed suspicion
that the Canadian action was in response to tightening up by EC
veterinary inspectors on Canadian food exports to the EC.
    But an official at the Canadian embassy in Copenhagen said
the inspection of Danish slaughterhouses was based on EC
regulations. "Canadian officials are very concerned about the
trade implications. We are holding active discussions with the
EC and bilaterally," she added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21367>
An Iowa State University study showed
pork contains considerably less fat than indicated by
long-established U.S. Department of Agriculture statistics, the
National Pork Producers Council (NPPC) said.
    Six of the seven muscle cuts evaluated in the study
averaged 4.3 pct fat or less, well below American Heart
Association guidelines for recommended foods. Eighty pct of all
the raw boneless rib chops evaluated in the study contained
less than six pct fat, the NPPC said.
    Meanwhile, USDA Handbook 8-10 - long used as the
established authority on nutrient composition, indicates a fat
content for center loin pork of 7.3 pct, the NPPC said.
    Robin Kline, a dietitian and Director of Consumer Affairs
for the NPPC said he was not surprised at the wide discrepancy
between the study and the USDA handbook.
    "Handbook 8-10 is based to a certain extent on information
that has been accumulated over the past 30 years. The
statistics in it about pork do not reflect the hog of today
which is about 50 pct leaner than it was 20 or 30 years ago,
thanks to genetic improvements and better feeding practices,"
Kline said.
    The study, funded by NPPC with producer checkoff money,
evaluated pork carcasses from 47 Iowa producers in categories
from 0.7 to 1.3 inches of backfat. Researchers measured the fat
content of the seven muscles before cooking, and the fat,
moisture and tenderness of cooked boneless rib chops.
 Reuter
</BODY>
