<BODY DOCID=18911>
A trade-led boom in the U.S. is
unlikely this year or next because growth in net exports will
merely offset a dramatic slowdown in consumer spending and
other sectors of the economy, Bank of America said in its
latest economic report.
    Although net exports will add 0.7 pct to GNP this year,
after reducing it by 1.2 pct in 1986, consumer spending will
contribute 1.4 pct less to GNP than it did last year.
    As a result, GNP this year is likely to expand a modest 2.5
pct, the same rate as last year, according to Daniel Van Dyke,
the Bank of America economist who wrote the report.
    "Growth in consumer spending in the United States will drop
dramatically this year because the jump in inflation will cause
a falloff in the growth of disposable income," Van Dyke said.
    Growth in U.S. consumer spending is likely to slow to 1.8
pct this year from 4.1 pct in 1986, he predicted.
    The report was released before the Commerce Department
reported today that personal income rose just 0.2 pct in May,
after increasing 0.4 pct in April, and that personal
consumption expenditures had risen just 0.1 pct, compared with
a 0.6 pct increase the month before.
    The rising cost of energy and imports is likely to boost
consumer prices by an average of 3.7 pct this year, up from 1.9
pct in 1986, Bank of America forecast.
    This rise in inflation will reduce real disposable income 
growth to only 1.3 pct in 1987 from 2.9 pct in 1986.
    As a result, Van Dyke calculated that the purchasing power
of an average family of four will increase by a modest 540 dlrs
this year compared to a surge of 1,210 dlrs during 1986.
    The slowdown in income growth is likely to cause housing
starts to drop by 4.2 pct this year and a further six pct in
1988 to an annual rate of 1.63 mln units.
    "For the first time in several years, a recession in 1988
or 1989 is more than a remote possibility," Van Dyke said.
    Currently, U.S. growth is fragile and depends heavily on an
improvement in trade. "However, with protectionist attitudes on
the rise in this country, this source of growth is at risk," he
added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19875>
Sales of new single-family homes
tumbled 14.9 pct in May from April levels because of higher
mortgage interest rates, analysts said.
    "There should be another month or two of very weak new home
sales but with interest rates stabilizing, sale of new homes
should become more stable by mid-summer," said economist
Lawrence Chimerine of Wharton Econometrics Inc.
    The drop in May, to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of
616,000 units, was the largest since January 1982, the Commerce
Department said.
    Interest rates on conventional mortgages bottomed out at
about 9.08 pct in March and rose to about 10.7 pct in April,
according to Stephen Roach, economist at Morgan Stanley.
    The effect was to freeze some potential new homebuyers out
of the market, he and others said.
    "The rates moved very suddenly and were certainly
unexpected by homebuyers," said Cynthia Latta, an economist
with Data Resources. "They were so startled, they wanted to
hold back and see what would happen."
    The drop in sales of new single-family home sales was
sharper than expected, some economists said. "We fully expected
a decline but the extent was more than we anticipated," said
James Christian, chief economist for the U.S. League of Savings
Institutions.
    Christian said there was a sharp rise in May in sales of
existing homes, which are generally less expensive than new
homes.
    Latta of Data Resources said strong sales of new
condominiums in the Northeast and on the West Coast were
reflected in sales of existing but not new homes.
    Christian of the U.S. League of Savings Institutions said,
"Underlying housing demand remains strong. I think the market
is going to stabilize and give us a good second half."
    Others were less optimistic, however.
    "We clearly won't have a boom (in new home sales) but I
don't think this is the start of a collapse in single-family
housing," said Chimerine of Wharton.
    Eugene Sherman, chief economist of the Federal Home Loan
Bank of New York, said, "The lower sales level will be
maintained for awhile until there is another change in rates.
There won't be much specific improvement in coming months."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20116>
U.S. housing starts rose 4.4 pct in
September to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 1,669,000
units, the Commerce Department said.
    In August, housing starts were unchanged from July levels
at 1,598,000 units, instead of being down 1.5 pct as previously
reported.
    The increase in September housing starts was the largest
since a 10.8 pct gain in starts in December 1986, Commerce
Department officials said.
    The rate at which permits were issued for future
construction fell 0.6 pct in September to a seasonally adjusted
1,493,000 units from 1,502,000 units in August.
    Permits had risen 1.0 pct in August from July levels of
1,487,000 units.
    Before seasonal adjustment, permits rose to 135,500 in
September from 128,000 in August.
    Housing starts before adjustment rose to 150,200 in
September from 144,600 in August.
    The seasonally adjusted rise in starts included a 5.1 pct
increase in September single-family unit starts to 1,168,000 
from 1,111,000 in August.
    Single-family starts had fallen 2.8 pct in August from July
levels.
    Multi-family starts rose 2.9 pct in September to a
seasonally adjusted 501,000 units after a 7.0 pct increase in
August, the department said.
    Permits for single-family units fell 3.2 pct last month to
a seasonally adjusted 990,000 units after a 3.0 pct August
rise.
    Multi-family permits were up 5.0 pct in September to
503,000 units after falling 3.0 pct in August.
    Housing starts in September were down 1.2 pct from a
seasonally adjusted 1,689,000 units in September 1986.
    Permits were 11.5 pct below the September 1986 level of
1,687,000 units.
 Reuter
</BODY>
