<BODY DOCID=16118>
National Bank economic data for 1986
shows that Yugoslavia's trade deficit grew, the inflation rate
rose, wages were sharply higher, the money supply expanded and
the value of the dinar fell.
    The trade deficit for 1986 was 2.012 billion dlrs, 25.7 pct
higher than in 1985. The trend continued in the first three
months of this year as exports dropped by 17.8 pct, in hard
currency terms, to 2.124 billion dlrs.
    Yugoslavia this year started quoting trade figures in
dinars based on current exchange rates, instead of dollars
based on a fixed exchange rate of 264.53 dinars per dollar.
    Yugoslavia's balance of payments surplus with the
convertible currency area fell to 245 mln dlrs in 1986 from 344
mln in 1985. The National Bank said the drop was due to a
deterioration in trade. Exports to the convertible currency
area rose 11.6 pct from 1985, while imports rose 17.8 pct.
    Retail prices rose an average of 88.1 pct in 1986 while
industrial producer prices rose by 70.6 pct, the bank's data
showed. The cost of living rose by 89.1 pct.
    Personal incomes rose by 109 pct in 1986.
    Prime Minister Branko Mikulic warned in February that wages
were too high given the level of productivity.
    Mikulic introduced a law cutting wages to the level of the
last quarter of 1986 and tying future rises to productivity.
    Bank statistics show the overall 1986 rise in M-1 money
supply was 109.1 pct with a year-end position of 3,895.9
billion dinars. Yugoslavs have 9.8 billion dlrs worth of
foreign currency savings in the country and 20 billion dlrs
abroad, mostly owned by workers employed in western Europe.
    The dinar fell by 73.1 pct against a basket of hard
currencies in 1986. The highest depreciation was against the
Swiss franc, 85.3 pct, and the lowest against the U.S. Dollar,
46.2 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18540>
U.K. Average earnings rose a seasonally
adjusted 6.5 pct in the year to end-April, after increasing by
6.7 pct annually in March, the Employment Department said.
    The April index, base 1980, was set at a provisional,
seasonally-adjusted 197.3, up from 194.8 in March.
    But the underlying rise was 7.75 pct, up 0.25 pct from
March and back to the same level seen late last year.
    The underlying rise is adjusted for factors such as
back-pay and timing variations.
    Unit wage costs in U.K. Manufacturing industry rose one pct
in the year to April, after an upward revised rise of 0.7 pct
in the period to March, the Department of Employment added.
    In the three months to end-April, such costs were 0.9 pct
higher, year-on-year, compared with a rise of 1.2 pct in the
three months to March.
    Manufacturing productivity in April was 6.1 pct higher than
a year ago after a downward revised 6.8 pct increase in March.
In the last three months period manufacturing productivity was
up 6.7 pct, having increased 6.5 pct in the first quarter.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18665>
U.S. personal income rose 0.2 pct, or
7.9 billion dlrs, in May to a seasonally adjusted annual rate
of 3,630.0 billion dlrs, the Commerce Department said.
    The increase followed a revised 0.4 pct rise in April. The
department previously estimated April income rose 0.3 pct.
    The department also revised up the March personal income
rise to 0.3 pct from a previously reported 0.2 pct.
    Personal consumption expenditures rose 0.1 pct, or 1.5
billion dlrs, to 2,893.3 billion dlrs in May after rising 0.6
pct or 18.6 billion dlrs in April, the department said.
    The department said both the April and May increases in
personal income were restrained by lower subsidy payments to
farmers and by initial payments to a newly established
retirement fund for federal government employees in April.
    Wages and salaries increased 8.8 billion dlrs in May after
a 7.0 billion dlr rise in April, while manufacturing payrolls
were up 1.6 billion dlrs in May after falling 1.3 billion dlrs
in April.
    Farmers' incomes fell 11 billion dlrs in May after
decreasing 6.7 billion dlrs in April due to lower farm subsidy
payments, the department said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18672>
Today's U.K. Economic data have pushed
the chances of another base lending rate cut from the current
nine pct further into the distance, analysts said.
    A record fall in unemployment and good manufacturing
production data showed that the economy is still strong and
does not need a fillip from lower rates.
    News that underlying earnings are rising 7.75 pct annually,
taken together with higher than expected bank lending and money
supply growth, revived inflation worries and monetarist
arguments against easier credit, they said.
    "The timetable on lower interest rates is being pushed back
all the while. The strength of the economy and broad money
growth are making it more difficult to see one in the near
term," said Chase Manhattan Securities economist Robin Marshall.
    Analysts have reached this conclusion despite yesterday's
mortgage rate cuts for new borrowers, which building societies
said were a sign of the expected near term trend for U.K.
Rates.
    It also counters the optimistic forecasts of last week that
a post-general election cut was imminent, supported by such
optimistic economic news as May's record reserves rise which
mirrored the Bank of England efforts to cap sterling's
strength.
    The gilt market lost nearly half a point as enthusiasm
about May's 64,300 fall in the seasonally adjusted unemployment
rate, to 2.95 mln or 10.6 pct of the workforce, was rapidly
replaced by dismay at the continued high level of underlying
average earnings in April, dealers said.
    The upset was compounded by news that sterling bank lending
rose 2.7 billion stg in May, above forecast, and that the Bank
of England looks likely to have to sell more gilts to offset
the impact on domestic money supply of its current
intervention.
    "The gilt market reaction was correct," said Bill Martin,
chief U.K. Economist at brokers Phillips and Drew.
    "That's very important ... It shows the economy in a very
good state indeed," Skeoch said.
    "There's no reason to get worries about inflationary
pressures because they're very subdued." Unit wage cost rises
were better than expected, just one pct higher in the year to
April, and it was these costs rather than average earnings
which were potentially inflationary, he added.
    "I don't think these average earnings numbers are a major
problem," agreed Chase Manhattan's Marshall.
    But he said the gilts market was likely to remain worried
about the funding implications of recent intervention.
    He said the inflow of foreign money into sterling assets
earlier this year, attracted by growth prospects and hopes that
the ruling Conservatives would win last week's election, now
looks likely to prevent a base rate cut as the authorities try
to prevent these funds swelling the domestic money system.
    However, David Owen, U.K. Economist at Kleinwort Grieveson
Securities, said any fresh sterling strength would still
trigger a base rate cut and that today's figures did not signal
higher inflation this year.
    "Wage increases are being offset by productivity growth. As
long as that continues we're okay," he added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18911>
A trade-led boom in the U.S. is
unlikely this year or next because growth in net exports will
merely offset a dramatic slowdown in consumer spending and
other sectors of the economy, Bank of America said in its
latest economic report.
    Although net exports will add 0.7 pct to GNP this year,
after reducing it by 1.2 pct in 1986, consumer spending will
contribute 1.4 pct less to GNP than it did last year.
    As a result, GNP this year is likely to expand a modest 2.5
pct, the same rate as last year, according to Daniel Van Dyke,
the Bank of America economist who wrote the report.
    "Growth in consumer spending in the United States will drop
dramatically this year because the jump in inflation will cause
a falloff in the growth of disposable income," Van Dyke said.
    Growth in U.S. consumer spending is likely to slow to 1.8
pct this year from 4.1 pct in 1986, he predicted.
    The report was released before the Commerce Department
reported today that personal income rose just 0.2 pct in May,
after increasing 0.4 pct in April, and that personal
consumption expenditures had risen just 0.1 pct, compared with
a 0.6 pct increase the month before.
    The rising cost of energy and imports is likely to boost
consumer prices by an average of 3.7 pct this year, up from 1.9
pct in 1986, Bank of America forecast.
    This rise in inflation will reduce real disposable income 
growth to only 1.3 pct in 1987 from 2.9 pct in 1986.
    As a result, Van Dyke calculated that the purchasing power
of an average family of four will increase by a modest 540 dlrs
this year compared to a surge of 1,210 dlrs during 1986.
    The slowdown in income growth is likely to cause housing
starts to drop by 4.2 pct this year and a further six pct in
1988 to an annual rate of 1.63 mln units.
    "For the first time in several years, a recession in 1988
or 1989 is more than a remote possibility," Van Dyke said.
    Currently, U.S. growth is fragile and depends heavily on an
improvement in trade. "However, with protectionist attitudes on
the rise in this country, this source of growth is at risk," he
added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
