<BODY DOCID=14849>
The Bundesbank accepted bids for 6.1
billion marks at today's tender for a 28-day securities
repurchase pact at a fixed rate of 3.80 pct, a central bank
spokesman said.
    Banks, which bid for a total 12.2 billion marks liquidity,
will be credited with the funds allocated today and must buy
back securities pledged on May 6.
    Some 14.9 billion marks will drain from the market today as
an earlier pact expires, so the Bundesbank is effectively
withdrawing a net 8.1 billion marks from the market with
today's allocation.
    A Bundesbank spokesman said in answer to enquiries that the
withdrawal of funds did not reflect a tightening of credit
policy, but was to be seen in the context of plentiful
liquidity in the banking system.
    Banks held an average 59.3 billion marks at the Bundesbank
over the first six days of the month, well clear of the likely
April minimum reserve requirement of 51 billion marks.
    The Bundesbank spokesman noted that by bidding only 12.2
billion marks, below the outgoing 14.9 billion, banks
themselves had shown they felt they had plenty of liquidity.
    Dealers said the Bundesbank is keen to prevent too much
liquidity accruing in the market, as that would blunt the
effectiveness of the security repurchase agreement, its main
open-market instrument for steering market interest rates. Two
further pacts are likely this month over the next two weeks.
    The Bundesbank is currently steering call money between 3.6
and 3.8 pct, although short-term fluctuations outside that
range are possible, dealers said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14861>
The Bank of England said it forecast a
shortage of around 250 mln stg in the money market today.
    Among the main factors affecting liquidity, bills maturing
in official hands and the take-up of treasury bills will drain
some 505 mln stg, while bills for repurchase by the market will
remove around 194 mln. In addition, a rise in note circulation
and bankers' balances below target will each drain around 110
mln stg.
    Partly offsetting these outflows, exchequer transactions
will add some 690 mln stg to the system today.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14890>
Australian markets are booming as foreign
fund managers redirect capital away from the United States and
other traditional markets, analysts said.
    High short-term interest rates, a bullish stock market and
an increasingly stable currency reflect a massive inflow of
fresh funds in the last two months, largely from Japanese and
U.S. Investors, analysts polled by Reuters said.
    Fund managers want quality markets to park their cash in
and have settled on Australia, Britain and Canada as they
diversify from volatile U.S. Dollar instruments, they said.
    A one percentage point fall in key 10-year bonds rates in
the past month, record share prices and a 10-month high for the
currency of 0.71 U.S. Dlrs all illustrated the inflow.
    Official figures on the latest inflow of investment capital
are not available, but brokers said they received almost daily
inquiries from Japan and the United States.
    "These people have got trillions of dollars sloshing about
and they don't know what to do with it. Some of that is ending
up here with the attraction of high interest rates and
reasonable currency stability," National Australia Bank Ltd
economist Brian Hamley said.
    "There is a 'flight to quality'," Hamley said. "Australia may
not be in the best (economic) position, but there aren't too
many other countries where you'd want to put your money."
    The stronger Australian dollar was also attracting
investors taking advantage of an appreciating currency against
the volatility of the U.S. Unit, analysts said.
    "We're looking a more favoured market than perhaps the U.S.
Where some people would be concerned about the value of the
U.S. Dollar," Lloyds Bank NZA Ltd chief economist Will Buttrose
said. "Why not put the money in Australia where entry is cheap
and the currency looks stable?"
    But turning that capital into more permanent productive
investment depends on government economic policy, he said.
    "It will only disappear if people lose confidence in the
direction in the economy," Buttrose said, adding that offshore
investors would carefully watch the government's promised tough
economic statement on May 14.
    While happy to invest in bonds and other vehicles yielding
interest unobtainable elsewhere, fund managers could just as
easily reverse the flow -- particularly the Japanese, who were
badly hurt in the past by rapid falls in the Australian dollar
and hefty jumps in bond rates, analysts said.
    "It will remain very edgy money. If something was not to be
delivered, if the statement wasn't considered tough enough, one
might see a substantial outflow," Buttrose said.
    Offshore investors are eager to see Australia take tough
economic decisions to curb its 100 billion dlr foreign debt and
stubborn current account deficit, analysts said.
    "They are giving us the benefit of the doubt and I think
they would like to leave the money here," Buttrose said.
    Reserve Bank policy has also reflected the increased
interest in investment in Australia and the need to shield
Japanese investors from rapid currency fluctuations.
    Reserve Governor Bob Johnston last week acknowledged an
element of targeting the rate against the yen in currency
policy when he said authorities could not take their "eyes off
the yen" because of the crucial role of Japanese investors.
    Analysts said they believed the Reserve Bank had worked
successfully in recent months to keep the Australian dollar
within the range of 100 to 103 yen.
    Apart from its recovery against a weak U.S. Dollar, the
Australian dollar has also risen almost three pct on a
trade-weighted basis in the last three weeks.
    Offshore buying has also played a role in the booming
Australian share market. It has followed Wall Street and other
markets, but is also setting its own trend in response to the
weight of both domestic and offshore funds pouring into
equities, particularly in the gold sector.
    The key all ordinaries index rose to a record 1,758.3
today, nearly 20 pct above its level at the end of 1986, while
the gold index has nearly doubled to a record 3,081.0 in the
same period.
    The property sector is also sought after, with Japanese
companies that have invested heavily in the United States in
recent years turning their attention to undervalued real
estate, particularly in the tourism field.
    Analysts pointed to the recent sale of Sydney's five-star
Regent Hotel to Japanese interests for more than 145 mln dlrs
as indicative of the type of property being sought.
    "They think they find good value real estate here which,
with long term and fixed capital investment, is the kind of
investment Australia needs," Buttrose added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14919>
The Bank of England said it provided the
money market with 53 mln stg assistance in the morning session.
    This compares with the bank's estimate of a shortage in the
system of around 300 mln stg which it earlier revised up from
250 mln.
    The central bank made outright purchases of bank bills
comprising 46 mln stg in band three at 9-3/4 pct and seven mln
stg in band four at 9-11/16 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14964>
The Bank of England said it provided the
market with further help totalling 166 mln stg during the
afternoon.
    In band one, it bought 31 mln stg of treasury bills and
three mln stg of bank bills at 9-7/8 pct, while in band two it
bought 69 mln stg of bank bills at 9-13/16 pct. In addition, it
bought 63 mln stg of band three bank bills at 9-3/4 pct.
    This brings the total assistance by the Bank so far today
to 219 mln stg against a liquidity shortage it has estimated at
around 300 mln stg.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15049>
The Federal Reserve is expected to
intervene in the government securities market to supply
temporary reserves indirectly via customer repurchase
agreements, economists said.
    Economists expect the Fed to execute 2.0-2.5 billion dlrs
of customer repos to offset pressures from the end of the
two-week bank reserve maintenance period today. Some also look
for a permanent reserve injection to offset seasonal pressures
via an outright purchase of bills or coupons this afternoon.
     The Federal funds rate opened at 6-3/8 pct and remained at
that level, up from yesterday's 6.17 pct average.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15096>
The Federal Reserve entered the U.S.
Government securities market to arrange overnight System
repurchase agreements, a Fed spokesman said.
    Dealers said that Federal funds were trading at 6-3/8 pct
when the Fed began its temporary and direct supply of reserves
to the banking system.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15212>
The relatively high level of real U.S.
interest rates suggests that there is scope for further
declines in money market rates, but the Federal Reserve is
unlikely to promote such a drop as long as the dollar remains
volatile, said J.P. Morgan and Co Inc chairman Lewis Preston.
    He said in response to a reporter's question after the
bank's annual meeting that money market rates could decline
further but, "I don't think the Fed is going to encourage that
as long as the exchange markets are as volatile as they are."
    On the other hand, he said that, barring a collapse of the
dollar, he did not see rates going much higher.
    He said that Morgan's recent rise in its prime lending rate
was "purely a reflection of an increase in a whole spectrum of
rates."
    Preston reiterated earlier company forecasts that the U.S.
economy should show roughly 2.5 to three pct real growth this
year.
    He also said that as a consequence of the dollar's decline
and oil price rises, inflation would rise "moderately" to a 3.5
to four pct rate in 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15310>
The Federal Reserve will promote lower
interest rates this year to sustain world economic growth,
First Boston Corp managing director Albert Wojnilower said.
    As much as the Fed would like to take a tough line against
inflation, it cannot act to slow the growth of credit without
subverting national U.S. economic policy.
    "On selected occasions when the dollar seems steady, and,
because the trade deficit is not responding, the United States
decided to push Germany and Japan harder to meet their
commitments to economic growth, the Federal Reserve will do its
part by moving rates down," Wojnilower said in a report.
    "Justifiably not anticipating either a recession or
seriously higher interest rates, securities market participants
have seen little to fear," Wojnilower said.
    He said last week's "hiccup" in money and currency rates
and bond and stock prices was probably caused by Japanese
window dressing for March 31 end-of-fiscal-year accounts.
    Wojnilower said the U.S. probably enjoyed above-average
economic growth in the first quarter. However, the pick-up
seems to reflect an unsustainable pace of inventory building
and the prospect for the full year is still for real gross
national product growth of about 2-1/2 pct, he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15364>
Bundesbank board member Claus Koehler
called on central banks of major industrialised nations to
cooperate closely on exchange and interest rate policies.
    In a lecture at the University of Surrey, pre-released
here, Koehler said that the only alternative to cooperation was
protectionism and control on capital movements.
    "Central banks have sufficient experience of exchange market
transactions to steer exchange rates where they want to have
them," he said. He added that West German growth forecasts would
have to be revised downward because of the recent dollar drop
to 1.80 marks from above two marks at the start of 1987.
    Koehler said that transactions on foreign exchange markets
had parted company with transactions in goods, services and
investments. It was the scale of speculative transactions that
determined market trends.
    Speculative inflows could cause monetary aggregates to
grow. To reverse such a rise in the money stock, interest rates
would have to be lowered to allow funds to drain off.
    "In other words, the monetary policy measures required are
different from -- and sometimes diametrically opposed to --
those needed when the money stock is increasing as a result of
mounting economic activity," Koehler said.
    The dollar fall was one means of reducing the massive U.S.
Current account deficit. But attempts to keep the depreciation
going by talking the dollar down posed problems.
    The sharp drop of the dollar had led to an immediate steep
rise in the cost of U.S. Imports and a sharp fall in the cost
of European imports. But the volume effect of falling imports
to the U.S. And rising imports to Europe would take time to
make itself felt compared with the price effect.
    "Hence the depreciation of the dollar may well be going
further than would be necessary to adjust the current account
over the medium term," Koehler said.
    A reduction in the U.S. Current account deficit would occur
only if the growth rate of GNP was higher than domestic demand.
In Japan and West Germany by contrast, domestic demand should
rise faster than GNP.
    "In Germany this did indeed happen in 1986," Koehler said.
    If a further appreciation of the dollar was to be
prevented, the U.S. Current account deficit could be offset by
an inflow of foreign funds into the U.S..
    But only if there was an appropriate interest rate
differential would Europe and Japan look for financial
investment in the U.S.
    When selecting monetary policy instruments, a central bank
had to pay greater heed than in the past to the impact its
measures might have on expectations and consequent decisions.
    Koehler said the Bundesbank was changing money market rates
by operating on the open market rather than adjusting leading
interest rates because of the signal this gives to the market
and its substantial impact on exchange rates.
    It was not only important to achieve the domestic goals of
price stability, economic growth and full employment but also
to tackle international problems like the exchange rate
problem, the debt problem and the current account problem.
    A strategy had to be designed that helped "the safeguarding
of non-inflationary economic growth in an international
monetary system largely free of disruptions," Koehler said.
    Given the system of floating exchange rates, it was
necessary for central banks to agree to intervene. It sufficed
to tell the market where central banks saw exchange rates over
the next few years and intervention points should not be set,
because they were only testing points for the market, he said.
    In order to keep the international monetary system free of
disruptions central banks should not only intervene jointly but
also cooperate on interest rate policies, Koehler said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15378>
The Bank of France said it has invited
offers of first category paper today for a money market
intervention tender.
    Money market operators were divided over whether the Bank
of France will use to occasion to cut its intervention rate,
which has stood at 7-3/4 pct since March 9.
    Some thought a price cut unlikely while others said there
was room for a further 1/4 point cut by the bank.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15384>
Remarks by two leading central bankers
sparked renewed speculation in financial markets that a cut in
the West German three pct discount rate may be under
discussion, currency dealers said.
    Bundesbank board member Claus Koehler said in a speech that
monetary growth resulting from speculative capital inflows
required cuts in interest rates.
    Separately, West Berlin state central bank president Dieter
Hiss told journalists that the discount rate could fall below
its lowest ever point of 2.75 pct. He made clear that he was
not making a forecast on interest rates, however.
    Currency dealers here and in the Far East said the dollar
gained slight background support from the speculation.
    But German dealers noted that the Bundesbank kept the 3.80
pct rate unchanged at which it offered liquidity to the money
market this week, dashing some expectations that it may either
offer lower fixed rate money or offer a reduced minimum rate
and let the strength of banks' demands set the allocation rate.
    It allocated 6.1 billion marks in new liquidity, much less
than the 14.9 billion leaving the market as a prior pact
expired. This further weakened sentiment the Bundesbank could
move to a more accommodative monetary stance, dealers said.
    Koehler said in a speech in Surrey, England, speculative
capital inflows may cause monetary growth, regardless of
whether central banks intervened or exchange rates fell.
    "In other words, the monetary policy measures required are
different from -- and sometimes diametrically opposed to --
those needed when the money stock is increasing as a result of
mounting economic activity."
    Though Koehler was known to be the most liberal of the
generally monetarist Bundesbank board, his comments marked the
first time cuts in rates had been concretely suggested as a
counterpoint to overly strong monetary growth, dealers said.
REUTER^M
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15410>
Saudi riyal interest rates rose as
Bahrain-based banks scrambled to cover short positions, dealers
said.
    Several Bahrain banks had been lending in the fixed periods
and borrowing in the short dates, but today they found the
day-to-day money in short supply, dealers said.
    "Everybody's stuck in the spot-next," one trader said.
    Spot-next rose to as high as 6-1/4, six pct from 5-1/4,
five pct yesterday, and the borrowing interest spilled over
into the periods, with one month rising to around 6-3/16,
5-15/16 pct from 5-15/16, 7/8 pct yesterday.
    Three months edged up to around 6-9/16, 5/16 pct from
6-7/16, 1/4 pct, while six months was quoted a touch firmer by
some banks at seven, 6-3/4 pct.
    Commercial banks quoted the spot riyal at 3.7500/04 to the
dollar after 3.7507/09 yesterday.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15436>
The Bank of England said it operated in
the money market this morning, buying 103 mln stg bank bills.
    The central bank bought in band one 60 mln stg at 9-7/8, in
band two eight mln at 9-13/16, in band three 26 mln at 9-3/4
and in band four nine mln stg at 9-11/16 pct.
    This compares with the bank's forecast of a 400 mln stg
shortfall today.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15444>
Remarks by central bankers raised some
hopes the Bundesbank will cut rates on securities repurchase
pacts, but operators remained divided on the likelihood of a
move in the near term, money market dealers said.
    Comments by Bundesbank board member Claus Koehler yesterday
that rate cuts were needed to curb money supply growth from
speculative capital inflows, and by West Berlin state central
bank president Dieter Hiss that there was no natural lower
limit to the discount rate had, however, no immediate impact.
    Call money declined to 3.65/75 pct from 3.75/85 pct but the
drop was tied to extra liquidity in the market, dealers said.
    Dealers said the Bundesbank's latest liquidity allotment
this week dashed some hopes of lower rates.
    The Bundesbank allotted only 6.1 billion marks yesterday in
new liquidity in a repurchase pact at an unchanged rate of 3.80
pct, thus subtracting some 8.8 billion marks from the market,
as an outgoing 14.9 billion pact expired.
    But some dealers said the smaller volume awarded by the
pact was in line with present liquid money market conditions,
and did not exlude a cut in the repurchase pact rate soon to
3.70 pct if money market rates continue at present levels.
    The next opportunity for the Bundesbank to lower rates on
repurchase pacts will be in a tender expected next Tuesday.
    Bundesbank officials have already said they favour more
discreet rate adjustments through repurchase pacts, rather than
the more public adjustment of leading rates.
    The Bundesbank may either set a fixed allocation rate and
allow banks to tender for the volume, as has been the case
since it lowered its discount rate January 22, or else it may
allow banks to tender for the rate and set the volume itself.
    Dealers expect volume of the tender to be lower than the
15.2 billion marks flowing out, to offset other incoming funds.
    Some seven billion marks is expected to flow in next week.
This should then flow back into the market as it is deposited
with banks.
    Banks were well supplied with liquidity, holding 61.5
billion marks in reserves at the Bundesbank on Tuesday.
    Holdings of average daily reserves over the first seven
days of April stood at 59.6 billion marks, still above the
estimated 51 billion required for all of April.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15539>
The Bundesbank sees no current reason
to change monetary course, vice-president Helmut Schlesinger
told Reuters in a telephone interview.
    Schlesinger was responding to questions following remarks
yesterday by Bundesbank board member Claus Koehler and West
Berlin state central bank president Dieter Hiss, which, dealers
said, revived some speculation that German interest rate cuts
may once again be under discussion.
    Schlesinger said he had no comment on the remarks of his
two central bank council colleagues.
    But he added that the last central bank council meeting on
April 2 had discussed the economic situation with a mood of
"subdued optimism," particularly influenced by the news brought
by several state central bank presidents.
    "Much is going better than the impression gained by the
public from the January figures, which have been in the
meantime superseded," he said.
    German January industrial output fell 3.0 pct after a
decline of 0.9 pct in December. New industry orders fell 1.9
pct after they had been unchanged in December.
    Bank economists said that the two together showed the
economy would either stagnate or contract in the first quarter
of 1987.
    Aside from the economic developments, Schlesinger added, a
steady monetary course was important to hold the dollar/mark
rate around current levels as Bundesbank president Karl Otto
Poehl had said while attending the Washington World Bank/IMF
meeting.
    Asked, however, if the Bundesbank could move to cut rates
on repurchase agreements at the setting of the next repurchase
tender, due next Tuesday, Schlesinger said, "Since the central
bank council gives its opinion on this theme only every 14
days, this is hardly probable."
    Responding to the question whether the Bundesbank had moved
away from a policy of targetting monetary growth toward one of
targetting currency rates, Schlesinger said he could have no
comment on the subject while negotiations were still in
progress in Washington.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15550>
The Bank of France said it left its
intervention rate unchanged at 7-3/4 pct when it injected funds
in the market against first category paper in today's money
market intervention tender.
    Money market dealers had earlier expressed mixed views on
the possibility of quarter point cut.
    The rate was last adjusted on March 9, when it was cut to
7-3/4 pct from the eight pct rate set in January.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15552>
The head of Spain's employers'
federation, Jose Maria Cuevas, said employers were worried
about the government's monetary policies because high real
interest rates were hampering investment.
    He told a news conference wage pacts signed so far this
year were not endangering the government's five pct inflation
target. The government's perceived need to control inflation by
keeping a tight rein on credit was unnecessary, he said.
    High real interest rates were attracting an influx of
speculative foreign capital which was undercutting the
government's target for monetary growth, Cuevas said.
    Spain's most closely-watched measure of money supply,
liquid assets in public hands, grew at an annualised rate of 17
pct in March, against 11.4 pct in December last year and a
target range of 6.5 to 9.5 pct for 1987.
    To combat this, the Bank of Spain has raised its call money
rate 14 times so far this year, to 14.5 pct at present from
11.8 at end-1986.
    Cuevas said employers were heeding the government's call to
hold wage increases to its five pct inflation target this year,
with increases from salary reviews awarded last year and new
wage pacts averaging 5.6 pct in the first quarter of 1987.
    These agreements covered less than 40 pct of Spanish
workers, Cuevas said, with the rest still in wage negotiations.
    He said Spain's current wave of strikes mainly affected the
state sector, where the government is trying to impose its five
pct wage ceiling.
    Cuevas said employers were also worried about the trend in
Spain's foreign trade balance. The trade deficit in the first
two months of 1987 totalled 233 billion pesetas, a 68 pct
increase over the corresponding period last year.
    However, employers did not favour a devaluation of the
peseta to correct the imbalance.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15560>
The Federal Home Loan Bank Board
adjusted the rates on its short-term discount notes as follows:
    MATURITY   NEW RATE  OLD RATE  MATURITY
  30-174 days  5.00 pct  5.00 pct    30-87 days
 175-190 days  5.85 pct  5.82 pct   88-103 days
 191-270 days  5.00 pct  5.00 pct  104-179 days
 271-288 days  5.92 pct  5.85 pct  180-205 days
 289-360 days  5.00 pct  5.00 pct  206-360 days
                       
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15578>
The Student Loan Marketing
Association said its rates on short-term discount notes were as
follows:
    MATURITY   NEW RATE    OLD RATE  MATURITY
    5-14 days  5.80 pct    5.75 pct     5-14 days
  15-360 days  5.00 pct    5.00 pct    15-85 days
                           5.80 pct    86-91 days
                           5.00 pct   92-176 days
                           5.83 pct  177-183 days
                           5.00 pct  184-360 days
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15579>
The Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp
adjusted the rates on its short-term discount notes as follows:
   MATURITY   RATE       OLD RATE  MATURITY
    33 days   6.00 pct   6.00 pct  33 days
  
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15610>
The Federal Home Loan Bank Board
adjusted the rates on its short-term discount notes as follows:
    MATURITY   NEW RATE  OLD RATE  MATURITY
  30-174 days  5.00 pct  5.00 pct   30-174 days
 175-190 days  5.88 pct  5.85 pct  175-190 days
 191-270 days  5.00 pct  5.00 pct  191-270 days
 271-288 days  5.92 pct  5.92 pct  271-288 days
 289-360 days  5.00 pct  5.00 pct  289-360 days
                       
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15615>
The Federal Reserve may intervene in
the government securities market to supply temporary reserves
indirectly via customer repurchase agreements, economists said.
    They said that while the Fed faces no great urgency to add
reserves at the start of the two-week maintenance period today
it would probably do so in order to offset a relatively high
federal funds rate.
    Fed funds opened at 6-3/16 pct and remained there in early
trading. Yesterday, they averaged 6.45 pct, after rising as
high as seven pct at the close.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15617>
Nigel Lawson, Britain's Chancellor of
the Exchequer, said some countries may need to cut interest
rates with the aim of maintaining exchange rate stability.
    Speaking to journalists one day after the Group of Seven
countries reaffirmed goals set in Paris six weeks ago, he said
central banks would continue to intervene "as and when
necessary."
    He said the G-7 countries were concerned that Japan do more
to stimulate domestic demand and welcomed measures outlined by
Japanese Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa yesterday.
    Lawson said he was still worried about  the risk of a
simultaneous recession in the United States, Japan and West
Germany, though less so than when he gave his March 17 budget
speech to the British Parliament.
    "If anything I'm a little bit less concerned, but there is
still a risk," he said.
    Asked if the United States should consider increasing
interest rates to support the dollar, he said, "If there is a
need for changes in relative interest rates, it doesn't need to
be a rise in interest rates in the United States."
    Lawson said there was some concern expressed in yesterday's
meetings at the slow progress the United States had made in
reducing its budget deficit.
    "We believe there will be some worthwhile progress in
reducing the deficit this year. The important thing is that it
continue year after year," Lawson said.
    The February 22 Louvre accord called for efforts to
stabilize currencies at then-current exchange rates. In the six
weeks that followed the Japanese yen continued to rise against
the dollar despite massive central bank intervention.
    Asked whether this intervention was a sign of weakness in
the Louvre accord, he said, "I don't think so. If there had been
no intervention you would have called that a sign of weakness."
    Although intervention could be a cause of inflation, Lawson
said, "the world does not appear to be in an inflationary mode
... but one has to be vigilant."
    He said yesterday's G-7 statement, which affirmed that
"current levels" of exchange rates were appropriate, had been
"carefully worded." "We know what we mean, and we all mean the
same thing," he said.
    Lawson said financial markets seem to believe that Japanese
measures outlined in the Louvre accord were the source of
weakness for that agreement.
    Therefore, the G-7 countries welcomed Miyazawa's
presentation of plans for a supplemental budget to stimulate
domestic demand.
    They particularly welcomed the goal of an immediate
increase in public works spending, but Lawson said the package
also involved a second stage to increase expenditures during
the second half of this year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15816>
Canada's key bank rate rose to 7.20 pct
from 7.15 pct the week before, Bank of Canada said.
    Bank rate is set 1/4 percentage point above the average
yield on the weekly issue of 91-day treasury bills. This week's
yield was 6.95 pct compared with the previous week's 6.90 pct.
    Tenders were accepted for 2.55 billion dlrs of 91-day bills
at an average price of 98.296 dlrs against 98.310 dlrs last
week.
    The 1.40 billion dlrs of 182-day bills were priced at an
average 96.488 dlrs against 96.549 dlrs last week, to yield an
average 7.30 pct, versus 7.17 pct last week.
    The 500 mln dlrs of 364-day bills were priced at an average
92.969 dlrs against 93.159 dlrs last week, to yield an average
7.58 pct versus 7.38 pct last week.
    Tenders will be received next week for 2.50 billion dlrs of
 91-day bills, 1.40 billion dlrs of 182-day bills and 500 mln
dlrs of 364-day bills.          
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16053>
Economists said that they doubt the
Federal Reserve is firming policy to aid the dollar, despite
higher discount window borrowings in the latest two-week
statement period and very heavy borrowings Wednesday.
    Data out today show net borrowings from the Fed averaged
393 mln dlrs in the two weeks to Wednesday, up from 265 mln
dlrs in the prior statement period. Wednesday borrowings were
1.4 billion dlrs as Federal funds averaged a high 6.45 pct.
    "One could make a case that the Fed is firming, but it
probably isn't," said William Sullivan of Dean Witter Reynolds.
    Sullivan said some may assume the Fed has firmed policy
modestly to support the dollar because net borrowings in the
two-weeks to Wednesday were nearly 400 mln dlrs after averaging
around 250 mln dlrs over the previous two months.
    However, the Dean Witter economist noted that the latest
two-week period included a quarter end when seasonal demand
often pushes up borrrowings.
    "Some might argue that the Fed was firming policy, but it
looks like it tried to play catchup with reserve provisions
late in the statement period and didn't quite make it," said
Ward McCarthy of Merrill Lynch Capital Markets.
    A Fed spokesman told a press press conference today that
the Fed had no large net one-day miss of two billion dlrs or
more in its reserve projections in the week ended Wednesday.
    Still, McCarthy said it may have had a cumulative miss in
its estimates over the week that caused it to add fewer
reserves earlier in the week than were actually needed.
    The Fed took no market reserve management action last
Thursday and Friday, the first two days of the week. It added
temporary reserves indirectly on Monday via two billion dlrs of
customer repurchase agreements and then supplied reserves
directly via System repurchases on Tuesday and Wednesday.
    Based on Fed data out today, economists calculated that the
two-day System repurchase agreements the Fed arrranged on
Tuesday totaled around 5.9 billion dlrs. They put Wednesday's
overnight System repos at approximately 3.4 billion dlrs.
    "It is quite clear that the Fed is not firming policy at
this time," said Larry Leuzzi of S.G. Warburg and Co Inc.
    Citing the view shared by the other two economists, Leuzzi
said the Fed cannot really afford to seriously lift interest
rates to help the dollar because that would harm already weak
economies in the United States and abroad and add to the
financial stress of developing countries and their lenders.
    "Those who believe the Fed tightened policy in the latest
statement period have to explain why it acted before the dollar
tumbled," said McCarthy of Merrill Lynch.
    He said the dollar staged a precipitous drop as a new
statement period began today on disappointment yesterday's
Washington meetings of international monetary officials failed
to produce anything that would offer substantive dollar aid.
    In fact, currency dealers said there was nothing in
Wednesday's G-7 communique to alter the prevailing view that
the yen needs to rise further to redress the huge trade
imbalance between the United States and Japan.
    The economists generally agreed that the Fed is aiming for
steady policy now that should correspond to a weekly average
Fed funds rate between six and 6-1/8 pct. This is about where
the rate has been since early November.
    "I'm not so sure that the Fed is engineering a tighter
policy to help the dollar, as some suspect," said Sullivan of
Dean Witter.
    If it is, however, he said that Fed probably has just
nudged up its funds rate goal to around 6.25 to 6.35 pct from
six to 6.10 pct previously.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16072>
Today's turmoil in the U.S. Financial
markets, with bond and stock prices tumbling in the dollar's
wake, is evidence of a major shift in investor psychology that
is likely to spell more turbulence ahead, economists said.
    For two years, the markets had hailed the dollar's decline
as the cure-all for the U.S. Trade deficit. Interest rates fell
sharply and Wall Street became a one-way street, up.
    But that confidence is now cracking as the financial
markets suddenly believe Fed chairman Paul Volcker's
often-repeated warnings about the risks of a dollar collapse.
    "Volcker's been saying for a long time that a dollar
freefall would be extremely dangerous - now he's got it," said
David Jones, economist at Aubrey G. Lanston and Co Inc.
    The dollar fell below 144 yen today for the first time in
40 years as the Group of Seven finance ministers in Washington
failed to convince the foreign exchange market that they have a
credible strategy for redressing global trade imbalances, short
of further depreciation of the dollar.
    Bonds suffered their biggest one-day drop in months amid
worries that the dollar's slide will rekindle inflation, scare
away foreign investors and force the Fed to tighten credit.
    The inflationary fears boosted gold bullion by more than 12
dlrs to a 1987 high of 432.20/70 dlrs an ounce, while the spike
in interest rates pulled the Dow Jones Industrial Average down
by 33 points to 2339.
    Norman Robertson, Mellon Bank chief economist, called the
markets' instability frightening. He believes economic
fundamentals do not justify the bearishness but said that "once
you start the ball rolling it's difficult to stop."
    "There's a stark possibility that you could get a
destabilizing drop in the dollar that forces up interest rates
and drives us into recession. The markets are in a panic."
    Stephen Marris of the Institute for International Economics
in Washington, has been warning for a long time that the
controlled decline of the dollar since peaks of 3.47 marks and
264 yen in February 1985 could turn into a nightmare.
    "We're still more or less on track for a hard landing... But
the agony may be fairly drawn out," Marris told Reuters.
    Marris does not expect the crisis to peak until later this
year, but he warned that the situation is so fragile that it
would take very little to touch off what he calls the second
phase of the hard landing, whereby a loss of confidence in the
dollar pushes up interest rates and leads to a recession.
    The stock market's reaction today and its sharp drop on
March 30 shows how the loss of confidence could come about.
    The fact that it has not happened yet is consistent with
historical experience, which teaches that domestic markets are
not affected until a currency is in the final stages of its
decline, Marris said. He has forecast a drop to about 125 yen.
    Marris felt that a major impetus for the dollar's latest
weakness was the loss of credibility that central banks
suffered when they failed to prevent the dollar from falling
below 150 yen, the floor that the market believes was set as
part of the G-7 Paris agreement in February.
    Robertson at Mellon, by contrast, said the loss of
confidence was triggered last week when Washington announced
plans to slap 300 mln dlrs of tariffs on Japanese electronic
imports, raising the specter of a debilitating trade war.
    Many economists believe that long-run stability will not
return to the markets until the root cause of the trade gap is
addressed - excessive consumption in the U.S., Reflected in the
massive budget deficit.
    But in the short term, given the failure of the G-7 and of
central bank intervention, some feel that the Fed will have no
choice but to tighten credit to restore faith in the dollar.
    "The only thing that will stop the dollar falling is a
substantial increase in the discount rate and a corresponding
cut abroad, at least by Japan," said Lanston's Jones.
    Marris expects the Fed to act quickly to raise interest
rates, even at the risk of increasing the debt burden for
American farmers, Latin American governments and others.
    But Robert Giordano, chief economist at Goldman Sachs and
Co, scoffed at the notion. "It's ridiculous to think the Federal
Reserve will raise interest rates when the dollar is weak
against just one currency. This is yen strength, not dollar
weakness," he said.
    Giordano said the market was ignoring the progress being
made toward reducing the U.S. Budget deficit.
    "We're going to have one of the biggest reductions in the
budget deficit relative to GNP in history this year, and nobody
cares," he said, noting that only the deficit cut in 1968-69
will have been greater.
    He said he does not expect the dollar to collapse and
thinks interest rates are likely to fall back later this year.
    But for now, market psychology has changed so abruptly that
a further drop in the bond market cannot be ruled out. "Put on
your helmets," Giordano said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16074>
Average interest rates on yen
certificates of deposit (CD) fell to 4.13 pct in the week ended
April 8 from 4.33 pct the previous week, the Bank of Japan
said.
    New rates (previous in brackets) -
    Average CD rates all banks 4.13 pct (4.33)
    Money Market Certificate (MMC) ceiling rates for week
starting from April 13 -       3.38 pct (3.58)
    Average CD rates of city, trust and long-term banks -
    Less than 60 days          4.15 pct (4.41)
    60-90 days                 4.14 pct (4.29)
    Average CD rates of city, trust and long-term banks -
    90-120 days                4.12 pct (4.25)
    120-150 days               4.12 pct (4.23)
    150-180 days               unquoted (4.03)
    180-270 days               4.05 pct (4.05)
    Over 270 days              4.05 pct (unqtd)
    Average yen bankers acceptance rates of city, trust and
long-term banks -
    30 to less than 60 days    3.98 pct (4.20)
    60-90 days                 4.03 pct (3.97)
    90-120 days                unquoted (unqtd)
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16075>
Bank of Japan sources said the bank
has no plans to cut its discount rate.
    They told reporters that there was no pressure on Japan
during the Group of Seven (G-7) meeting here yesterday to lower
its discount rate. They added that they themselves do not feel
any need for a cut at all.
    Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson told reporters
earlier today that some countries - those with strong
currencies - might have to cut interest rates.
    The Bank of Japan sources also said that it was too soon to
call the G-7 pact a failure.
    The central bank sources were commenting on the dollar's
renewed tumble in New York and Tokyo, which was sparked by
remarks by U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker that the
dollar's fall had been orderly.
    They said the market must have misinterpreted Baker's
comments because he was referring to the dollar's fall since
the Plaza agreement in September 1985, over a long-time span,
not the currency's recent movements.
    They added that the foreign exchange markest seem to seize
on anything to use as an excuse to drive the dollar one way or
the other.
    The Bank of Japan sources said the U.S. Is putting more
weight on the dollar/yen rate in terms of judging market
stability than on other currencies.
    Throughout the G-7 meeting, Japan pointed to the dangers
that would arise from a further dollar fall because it would
reduce the flow of Japanese capital to the U.S., Hurting the
U.S. And world economies, they said.
    In February and in March of this year, Japanese investors
reduced their purchases of U.S. Treasury bonds, the sources
said.
    Each country in the G-7 - Britain, Canada, France, Italy,
Japan, the U.S. And West Germany - has a different view about
currency stability, the Bank of Japan sources said.
    This is because the overall foreign exchange market is a
triangle of dollar/yen, European currencies/yen and
dollar/European currencies.
    At the time of the Louvre agreement, European countries did
not want the yen to weaken against their currencies so they did
not object to the yen strengthening, they said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16083>
Swiss National Bank President Pierre
Languetin said a wider interest rate differential between the
dollar and stronger currencies was needed to brake the dollar's
fall.
    At a news conference, he said Japan and West Germany could
try to stimulate their economies further by expanding money
supply, but he added "I'm not so sure it would be desirable if
monetary policy became more expansive.
    "But what would be useful is a greater differential in
interest rates," he said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16096>
The yield on 30-day Bankers Security
Deposit Accounts issued this week by the Saudi Arabian Monetary
Agency (SAMA) rose by more than 1/8 point to 5.95913 pct from
5.79348 a week ago, bankers said.
    SAMA decreased the offer price on the 900 mln riyal issue
to 99.50586 from 99.51953 last Saturday. Like-dated interbank
deposits were quoted today at 6-3/8, 1/8 pct -- 1/8 point
higher than last Saturday.
    SAMA offers a total of 1.9 billion riyals in 30, 91 and
180-day paper to banks in the kingdom each week.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16120>
Yields on certificates of deposit
(CD) offered by the United Arab Emirates Central Bank were
higher than last Monday's offering, the bank said.
    The one-month CD rose 1/4 point to 6-3/8 pct, while the
two, three and six-month maturities rose 5/16 point each to
6-7/16, 6-1/2 and 6-5/8 pct respectively.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16150>
The Commonwealth Bank of Australia said
it will lower its prime lending rate to 17.5 pct from 18.25,
effective April 15.
    The bank's new rate will be the lowest of Australia's
current prime rates. They now range from 17.75 pct to 18.5
after a recent series of reductions since late March following
an easier trend in short term money market rates.
    Two of the three other major trading banks now have prime
rates of 18 pct and one of 18.25.
    The Commonwealth's move reverses an increase from 17.5 pct
in early February.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16161>
Saudi riyal interbank deposit rates
surged across the board as banks tried to build long positions
in anticipation of a further rise in U.S. Interest rates,
dealers said.
    They said traders expected riyal deposits to follow the
recent strong rise in eurodollar rates sparked by fears of a
tighter U.S. Monetary policy to halt the dollar's slide.
    "There was a wave of panic buying early in the morning as
people tried to cover gaps and build long riyal positions," said
one dealer. As a result, riyal deposits were strongly bid and
traders scrambled for any available offers.
    One-way trade focused mainly on the fixed periods but short
dates also rose, dealers said. Spot-next and one-week deposits
climbed to 6-5/8, 1/8 pct from 6-3/8, six on Sunday.
    One-month deposits rose to 6-1/2, 3/8 pct from 6-1/4, six
and three-month deposits climbed to 6-3/4, 5/8 pct from 6-9/16,
7/16. Six-month deposits also firmed to 7-1/8, seven pct from
7-1/16, 6-7/8 on Sunday.
    The spot riyal was steady at 3.7500/03 to the dollar after
quotes of 3.7498/7503 yesterday.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16180>
The yield on 91-day bankers security
deposit accounts issued this week by the Saudi Arabian Monetary
Agency (SAMA) rose to 6.43896 pct from 6.21563 a week ago,
bankers said.
    SAMA lowered the offer price on the 500 mln riyal issue to
98.39844 from 98.45313 last Monday. Like-dated interbank
deposits were quoted today at 6-3/4, 5/8 pct.
    SAMA offers a total of 1.9 billion riyals in 30, 91 and
180-day accounts to banks in the Kingdom each week.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16214>
Senate Finance Committee Chairman
Lloyd Bentsen (D-Tex.) called on major industrial countries to
make a pledge at the coming economic summit in Venice to cut
interest rates.
    "I think at the summit meeting in Venice what we ought to be
trying to do is to get the other major industrial nations that
are involved to bring interest rates down, say, one pct,"
Bentsen told NBC Television's "Meet the Press."
    Bentsen said coordinated rate cuts could take "billions off
the debt service of the Latin countries" and help ease
protectionist pressures in the industrial countries.
    Bentsen also South Korea and Taiwan should be pressured to
revalue their currencies in relation to the U.S. dollar.
    "You take the Taiwanese, with an enormous capital surplus,
enormous trade surplus, and we've had very little cooperation
there," he said.
    Departing Deputy Treasury Secretary Richard Darman told the
same television network he agreed that the U.S. dollar had not
fallen enough against the currencies of some countries.
    "I think that more does have to be done there in
negotiations with the countries involved, the so-called NICs
(newly industrialized countries)," he said.
    Darman said such negotiations with newly industrialized
countries were underway privately.
    Bentsen predicted Congress and the White House would agree
on a fiscal 1988 budget that would raise between 18 and 22
billion dlrs in new revenues.
    The Texas senator said a series of excise taxes would be
considered by Congress, including an extension of the telephone
tax and new levies on liquor and cigarettes.
    Bentsen said he supported an oil import fee, but that it
would not happen without President Reagan's support.
    Darman called for a "top level negotiation" between the White
House and Congress on a budget compromise that would include
asset sales, some excise taxes, cuts in middle-class
entitlement programs, "a reasonable, steady rate of growth in
defense" and reform of the budget process.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16274>
The Federal Home Loan Bank Board
adjusted the rates on its short-term discount notes as follows:
    MATURITY   NEW RATE  OLD RATE  MATURITY
  30-140 days  5.00 pct  5.00 pct   30-179 days
 141-160 days  6.13 pct  6.08 pct  180-200 days
 161-182 days  5.00 pct  5.00 pct  201-274 days
 183-200 days  6.17 pct  6.18 pct  275-290 days
 201-360 days  5.00 pct  5.00 pct  291-360 days
                       
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16304>
Bankers Trust Co said it is raising
its broker loan rate to 7-1/2 pct from 7-1/4 pct, effective
immediately.
    U.S. Trust Co, the only other bank to publicize its broker
rate, was already posting 7-1/2 pct.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16383>
The Federal Reserve entered the U.S.
Government securities market to arrange 1.5 billion dlrs of
customer repurchase agreements, a Fed spokesman said.
    Dealers said Federal funds were trading at 6-1/2 pct when
the Fed began its temporary and indirect supply of reserves to
the banking system.
    Most had expected the Fed to supply reserves directly via
System repurchase agreements or to add them indirectly through
two billion dlrs or more of customer repurchase agreements.
Some believe the Fed is adding fewer reserves than are needed
to keep upward pressure on rates and so help the dollar.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16407>
U.S. Trust Co said it raised its
broker loan rate to 7-3/4 pct from 7-1/2 pct, effective
immediately.
    Bankers Trust Co &lt;BT>, which also quotes its broker loan
rate publicly, raised its rate to 7-1/2 pct earlier today.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16565>
Major U.S. banks may lift prime
lending rates again within days due to recent increases in
their borrowing costs and speculation the Federal Reserve is
nudging up interest rates to help the dollar, economists said.
    In what was the first prime rate boost since mid-1984, most
banks in early April lifted their rates a quarter point to
7-3/4 pct, citing a reduced gap between the prime and their own
cost of money. That spread has narrowed again.
    "A prime rate increase could happen as soon as tonight,"
said Robert Brusca of Nikko Securities Co International Inc.
    Brusca said a quarter-point prime rate rise to eight pct is
justified because the spread between banks' cost of funds and
the prime rate has narrowed to less than three quarters of a
percentage point.
    He said that spread had averaged around 1.4 percentage
points since last October until it fell below one point and
triggered the April prime rate rise at most banks.
    "We could easily have another prime rate increase as soon
as this week," said David Jones of Aubrey G. Lanston and Co.
    "We've got a fairly good chance of a prime rate rise in the
near future," said Allan Leslie of Discount Corp.
    "Based on the spread between the prime rate and funding
costs, you would ordinarily see a prime rate increase now,"
said Harold Nathan, economist at Wells Fargo Bank.
    However, he said banks may be reluctant to lift the prime
because that would dampen already fairly weak business loan
demand and because some are not sure the Fed will maintain
recent upward pressure on money market interest rates.
    Nathan believes the Fed has let market pressures lift
short-term rates in recent days to help the ailing dollar. He
said "if there is widespread belief money market rates will
stay high, a prime rate rise could occur at any time."
    Fed officials have long expressed concern that too steep a
dollar drop could help rekindle U.S. inflation. As the dollar
fell to a 40-year low against the yen Friday, currency traders
said the Fed and other central banks supported the dollar.
    In addition to buying dollars outright, another way to
stabilize the U.S. currency would be for the Fed to push U.S.
interest rates higher relative to overseas rates.
    Based particularly on the Fed's reserve management actions
on Friday and today, Nathan of Wells Fargo said "it has become
clear that the Fed is not fully resisting upward rate pressure
in the market. It is supplying fewer reserves than are needed."
    Bank funding costs and other short and long-term interest
rates rose sharply Friday and today on heightened speculation
that the Fed is gently firming monetary policy.
    That was because the Fed supplied far fewer reserves in the
market than most economists had expected.
    On Friday, the Fed added reserves indirectly and in small
amounts via one billion dlrs of customer repurchase agreements
with the Federal funds rate at which banks lend to one another
high at 6-5/16 pct. With funds trading even higher at 6-1/2 pct
today, the Fed arranged only a slightly larger 1.5 billion dlr
round of customer repurchase agreements.
    "The Fed's actions on Friday and today show that it is
offering only token resistance to upward funds rate pressures,"
said Jones of Lanston.
    "The Fed is focusing its policy attention mainly on the
need to defend the dollar," Jones said. He believes it is
merely shading policy toward restraint now, "but to have a
major impact on the dollar, the Fed will have to tighten policy
overtly at some point."
    Jones expects the Fed to foster higher market rates by
becoming more restrictive in supplying reserves and, within
four to six weeks, to raise its discount rate from 5-1/2 pct.
    Jones said a U.S. discount rate increase to six pct might
well be accompanied by West German and Japanese rate cuts to
further aid the dollar.
    Given likely Fed policy firming, he said both the yield on
30-year Treasury bonds (about 8.30 pct now) and the prime rate
may be at 8-1/2 pct at end-June and nine pct by year's end.
    "The jury is still out on whether the Fed is tightening
policy to defend the dollar," said Leslie of Discount Corp. He
said tax-date pressures have been pushing up Fed funds lately.
Leslie said Fed actions and reserve data once these pressures
abate will show whether or not it is firming policy.  
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16681>
The U.S. Treasury said its weekly
auction of three-month bills produced an average rate of 5.98
pct, with a 6.08 pct rate on six-month bills.
    These rates compared with averages of 5.53 pct for the
three- and 5.63 pct for the six-month bills sold last week.
    The bond-equivalent yield on three-month bills was 6.17
pct. Accepted bids ranges from 5.92 to 5.99 pct and 60 pct of
the bids at the high, or stopout rate, were taken. For six
months, the yield was 6.38 pct and the bids ranged from 5.98
pct to 6.10 pct with 48 pct of the bids accepted.
    The Treasury said it received 25.99 billion dlrs of bids
for the three-month bills, including 1.2 billion dlrs in
non-competitive bids from the public. It accepted 6.6 billion
dlrs of bids, including 2.1 billion dlrs from the Federal
Reserve and 180 mln dlrs from foreign and international
monetary authorities.
    Some 24.7 billion dlrs in bids for six-month bills were
received, including 832 mln dlrs in non-competitives. The
Treasury accepted 6.6 billion dlrs, including 1.8 billion dlrs
from the Fed and 1.2 billion dlrs from foreign and
international authorities.
    The average price for the three-month bills was 98.488 and
prices ranged from 98.504 to 98.486.  The average price for the
six-months bills was 96.926, and prices ranged from 96.977 to
96.916.
    The average yield on the three-month bills was the highest
since 5.99 pct on June 30, 1986.  The average yield on the
six-month bills was the highest since 6.13 pct on June 23,
1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16852>
White House Budget chief James
Miller said he was concerned that the Federal Reserve might
"overreact" to the decline in the value of the U.S. dollar by
raising interest rates, a move he said could cause a recession
next year.
    "Our greatest danger is overreaction," Miller told newspaper
reporters yesterday. "I'm concerned about the Fed's
overreaction. I'm concerned about what I see in recent data
showing a substantial fall in the money supply."
    Edwin Dale, Miller's spokesman, said the remarks, published
in the New York Times today, were accurate.
    Miller said he was concerned the Fed might overreact to
signals of rising inflation by tightening credit -- a move he
said could have "political consequences."
    The White House budget chief appeared to be referring to
the effect an economic slowdown could have on the presidential
and congressional elections next year.
    "My fear is that if we get into a recession we are in deep
soup, and there is no question about it," he said.
    Miller said an economic slowdown could lead to lower tax
revenues and a widening of the budget deficit.
    Miller's remarks reflected concern that the U.S. central
bank might feel compelled to tighten credit as a means of
bolstering the dollar.
    Both Treasury Secretary James Baker and Federal Reserve
Board Chairman Paul Volcker recently have warned that further
declines in the value of the U.S. dollar could jeopardize
global growth prospects.
    U.S. officials have urged Japan and West Germany to
stimulate economic growth in their countries -- a move that
could boost U.S. exports and relieve trade protectionist
pressures in the United States.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17051>
The Bank of Japan does not intend to ease
credit policy further, bank officials told Reuters.
    They were responding to rumours in the Japanese bond market
that the central bank was planning to cut its 2.5 pct discount
rate soon, possibly before Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone
leaves for Washington on April 29.
    Bank of Japan governor Satoshi Sumita will be in Osaka,
western Japan on April 27 and 28 for the annual meeting of the
Asian Development Bank, making a rate cut announcement early
next week a virtual impossibility, they said. April 29 is a
holiday here.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17052>
National Mutual Royal Bank Ltd said
it would cut its prime rate to 17.75 pct from 18.25, effective
April 27.
    The cut follows a trend toward lower rates started last
month and accelerated by Westpac Banking Corp, which yesterday
cut its prime to 17.50 pct from 18.25 pct. Westpac's 17.50 pct
is the lowest prevailing rate.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17448>
Bundesbank Deputy President Helmut
Schlesinger said the West German central bank had no plan to
cut its three pct discount rate, Nihon Keizai newspaper
reported.
    The financial daily quoted Schlesinger as saying in an
interview that the bank would try to maintain current interest
rate levels for the time being.
    He also told the newspaper he saw no need for large-scale
intervention in the foreign exchange market because exchange
rates are stable.
     Earlier, Schlesinger told a press conference that the
Bundesbank would continue its policy of maintaining short-term
interest rates at a low level for currency stability.
    He also said he was satisfied with the current dollar/mark
exchange rate but added that he was not certain if it was ideal
for the West German economy.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17470>
The Kuwait Central Bank kept its window
for funds to the domestic interbank deposit market shut as
banks returned from a four day holiday, dealers said.
    The move drove short-term interest rates sharply higher,
with overnight and tomorrow-next funds more than doubling from
last Wednesday and hitting 20 pct.
    There were few offers in a tight market and traders
scrambled for any available funds. One-month to one-year
deposits were indicated one point higher at eight, seven pct
but there was little activity at the longer end of the market.
    Bankers see the suspension of central bank aid as a
deliberate move to drive up Kuwaiti dinar interest rates and
stem a flow of funds out of the country, where market
nervousness is increasing over the growing tension in the Gulf.
    The central bank's move has been combined with a steady cut
in the dinar exchange rate.
    Today's rate was reduced to 0.27939/73 to the dollar from
0.27758/92 on Wednesday before the four day bank holiday that
celebrated the end of the fasting month of Ramadan.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17577>
The Federal Reserve is expected to add
reserves to the U.S. banking system by arranging a round of
customer repurchase agreements during this morning's
intervention period, several economists said.
    Some others, however, judged that the Fed has almost
completed its reserve-adding requirement for the statement
period ending on Wednesday and will not need to operate today.
    Fed funds were trading at 6-11/16 pct, compared with
Friday's average of 6.63 pct.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17593>
Representatives of major U.K. Based banks
are meeting here today to consider a new plan for reducing the
cost of financing British exports guaranteed by the Export
Credits Guarantee Department (ECGD), senior banking sources
said.
    The plan is being developed in conjunction with the ECGD
and the Bank of England.
    Neither the ECGD nor the Bank of England would comment on
the plan. However, bankers said one of the main points under
discussion is a plan to refinance the bulk of the ECGD's medium
term credit portfolio in the international capital markets.

    The proposals involve introducing a set of interest margins
on ECGD backed debt of 5/16 to 7/8 pct, depending on the size
and maturity of the credit and the currency.
    The banks are likely to push for a higher margin. Bankers
said that while these rates would reduce a bank's return they
would still be more than those proposed about a year ago when
the government attempted unsuccessfully to initiate another
cost reduction plan.
    At the same time, the banks would be expected to allow the
ECGD to realise additional savings by refinancing existing
government backed credit in the capital markets.

    On credits that are refinanced an original lender would
receive a residual margin of 7/16 pct for loans up to 10 mln
stg and 3/16 pct on larger transactions.

 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17620>
A cut of about half a percentage point
in Dutch official interest rates is still in prospect, although
economists said the timing would depend on Bundesbank moves.
    Speculation has been rife that the Dutch Central Bank,
encouraged by a strong guilder/mark relationship and wide
premiums for Dutch money and capital market rates over German,
might lower rates without the Bundesbank moving first.
    Last month, the Central Bank lowered its special advances
rate to 5.1 pct from 5.25 pct after the Bundesbank dropped its
repurchase tender rate to 3.55 pct from 3.8 pct.
    That rate has remained in force, just holding above the
five pct official secured loans rate which governs commercial
bank borrowings.
    Given a strong guilder, a further fall in the West German
repo rate would trigger a lower special advances tariff,
forcing an official Dutch rate cut, analysts said.
    In February, when the Bundesbank cut its discount rate to
three pct from 3.5 pct, the Central Bank only lowered money
market rates and removed a surcharge over the secured loans
rate on lending under its three month credit quota.
    Since then, however, both the Central Bank and Finance
Ministry have made it clear they favour lower official rates.
    In April, Central Bank President Wim Duisenberg said he
would follow any Bundesbank cut, and last week the Finance
Ministry expressed satisfaction when it raised 2.25 billion
guilders with a six pct coupon state loan priced at 100.10 pct
for an effective yield of 5.98 pct, the lowest since 1965.
    Technically, analysts said, there has to be a difference
between the secured loans rate which applies to lending under
the credit quota, and the tariff on special advances which add
extra liquidity to the money market.
    Bank economists and dealers said a West German move to
further lower the rate on securities repurchase pacts would
result in the Central Bank easing the special advance rate,
provided the guilder/mark relationship permitted.
    The Central Bank aims to keep the guilder stable around its
parity value within the European Monetary System of 112.673
guilders per 100 marks.
    Today, foreign exchange buying pushed the mark up 10
guilder cents to 112.705 guilders per 100 at the fix, a level
that would not permit a change in the interest rate
differential between West Germany and the Netherlands, dealers
said.
    An economist at ABN Bank said he expected West German and
Dutch interest rates to ease in the short term. However, he
said new wage agreements in West Germany had raised inflation
expectations which would put upward pressure on interest rates
in the longer term.
    In the Netherlands, the inflation outlook for 1987 is nil,
or even negative, while the latest official economic forecasts
point to a falling rate of economic growth.
    "It will depend on the outcome of collective wage agreement
negotiations here whether there could be cost push inflation,"
the ABN economist said.
    He said Dutch money supply growth, which ran at 3.4 pct in
January, could also contribute to some inflation.
    At Amro Bank, a leading analyst said inflation could run to
two pct next year. The bank expects Dutch capital market rates,
currently averaging around 6.1 pct, to stop easing in the
second half of this year and stabilize around 5.6 pct.
    Analysts said an official rate cut could trigger a buying
spree on the bond market which would bring yields down,
probably only temporarily, while money rates could fall below
five pct.
    Currently, all periods are traded at 5.12 to 5.25 pct in
the money market.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17758>
Interest rates on commodity loans
disbursed by the Commodity Credit Corporation (CCC) this month
will carry a 6-7/8 pct interest rate, the U.S. Agriculture
Department said.
    That is up from the May rate of 6-1/4 pct and reflects the
interest rate charged the CCC by the U.S. Treasury in June,
USDA noted.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17883>
Bundesbank vice president Helmut
Schlesinger said he saw no reason to lower interest rates now.
    With money supply growth showing no sign of slowing down in
May and the dollar stable or even rising against the mark,
Schlesinger told Reuters that he was not convinced that a
further cut in interest rates was needed.
    The economy is picking up, after contracting by a
seasonally adjusted 1/2 to one pct in the first quarter from
the fourth, he added. "We may have an increase in gnp starting
in the second quarter," he said in an interview.
    Concerned by the first quarter downturn, the U.S. Has been
pressing West Germany to pump up its economy and boost its
imports, either through fiscal or monetary policy.
    Schlesinger said the contraction in the first quarter was
mainly due to adverse weather conditions, just as occured in
1986. Year-on-year growth was thus about two pct.
    He estimated that economic growth for the year as a whole
would probably be between one and two pct.
   "It is not a question of monetary conditions if domestic
demand does not grow strongly," he said, noting that interest
rates are at historically low levels and funds are ample.
    Schlesinger said he saw no signs that central bank money
stock growth was slowing down from its recent year-on-year pace
of 7-1/2 to eight pct, well above the Bundesbank's three to six
pct target.
    He said the target could still be achieved but much will
depend on the direction of long-term capital flows. Heavy
inflows, particularly in January around the time of the EMS
revaluation, boosted domestic money supply.
    "There is still a certain hope that the net inflow of
foreign money can be diminished or can even be a little bit
reversed," Schlesinger said.
    A major reason for the inflows was the market's conviction
that the mark was headed higher. "As we can see from the market,
expectations for a further revaluation of the deutschemark have
diminished," Schlesinger said.
    The recent widening of interest rate differentials, the
fact that the dollar has fallen sharply in a very short period
and an improvement in real trade balances have all combined
towards stabilizing the dollar, he said.
    Asked if central banks might act to prevent a sharp dollar
rise, as the U.S. Did in March when the dollar rose above 1.87
marks, he said this would depend on the circumstances.
    At midday here, the dollar stood at 1.8340/45 marks.
    "Central banks are always in contact about these
fluctuations but I cannot give any answer how they would react,"
Schelsinger said.
    "One has to look at how it (the market) is moving," he said,
adding, "It is not only our own case, it is also the American
case."
    He said that the West German export industry has been hit
hard by the dollar's sharp fall and would probably like to see
some correction now. "But it wouldn't be good to have short-term
fluctuations," he said. "Let us wait and see."
    "It is mainly the strength of the (dollar) fall in a very
short period which was a little bit of a shock, than the level
(of rates) as such," Schlesinger said.
    The sharp rise of the mark, coupled with weak prices of
such key commodities as oil, had a favourable impact on West
German inflation down year.
    Although there have recently been signs of inflation
picking up, he said that this was due to changes in key
commodity prices. The underlying inflation rate this year would
be unchanged, at about one to 1-1/2 pct, he said.
    Schlesinger said the problem of rapid money supply growth
was longer term, in that the economy was building up the
potential for a possible eventual resurgence of inflation.
    The above-target growth of money supply over the past 16
months had prompted some discussion of the usefulness of
targets themselves, a matter which might be taken up at the
mid-year meeting of the Bundesbank's council, Schlesigner said.
    But he added: "I don't see any great pressure to go away
from it."
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17899>
The Bundesbank set a new tender for a
28-day securities repurchase agreement, offering banks
liquidity aid at a minimum bid rate of 3.50 pct, a central bank
spokesman said.
    Banks must make their bids by 1400 GMT today and funds
allocated will be credited to accounts tomorrow. Banks must
repurchase securities pledged on July 1.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17943>
Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone today
agreed with Bank of Japan governor Satoshi Sumita that a
further cut in the discount rate was not appropriate at
present, central bank sources said.
    They told Reuters the two discussed the subject at a
routine meeting.
    Sumita told Nakasone he did not feel a rate cut was
appropriate and Nakasone expressed his understanding, the
sources said.
    Currency dealers have speculated that Japan and West
Germany might come under pressure at next week's Venice summit
to cut interest rates to boost their economies.
    Nakasone, but not Sumita, is due to attend the summit.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17966>
The record 4.9 billion dlrs rise in U.K.
Reserves in May to a total 34.7 billion has lifted hopes for a
further cut in bank base lending rates after the June 11
general election, market analysts said.
    Sterling would have risen on the much better than expected
number but for market nerves about the poll outcome, they said.
    But the weight of foreign currency and gold reserves now
available to the authorities to support the pound should curb
any market tendency to panic if U.K. Opinion polls show the
ruling Conservative Party's lead slipping, they added.
    "We have been intervening to a very much greater extent than
we have done hitherto," Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson
said at a news conference today, commenting on the news of the
record reserves rise.
    He put the U.K. Intervention in the context of the Louvre
accord between leading industrial nations to stabilise the
dollar, partly through direct intervention on foreign
exchanges. "We have been playing a very full part ourselves," he
said.
    But market analysts see the recent upward pressure on
sterling, and consequent need for official sales to damp down
its rise, more in the light of local factors.
    Steven Bell, chief economist at Morgan Grenfell Securities,
said that corporate money has been flowing back into Britain
amid hopes of another Conservative government, after fears last
autumn of a Labour election victory sent it flooding out.
    U.K. Portfolio investment is also returning, while foreign
buyers see U.K. Growth propects and high bond yields as
attractive. They will be strong buyers of U.K. Assets, notably
equities, once the election is out of the way, Bell said.
    Analysts see this pressure as the main hope for lower
interest rates, as the government is expected to try to reverse
the loss of export competitiveness caused by a strong pound.
    Today, however, the pound hardly moved on the reserves
news, dipping on its trade-weighted index against a basket of
currencies from 73.1 pct of its 1975 value at 1000 GMT to 73.0
pct at 1100 GMT, half an hour after the figures were released.
    "The market doesn't want to do anything because of the
election," commented an economist at a big U.S. Investment bank.
    Several dealers and analysts added that market forecasts of
a rise in reserves of between one and three billion dlrs had
overestimated the amount of pound sales that were likely to
have been disguised by swap arrangements or transactions on the
forward market.
    The market also seemed to have overestimated the amount of
sterling the Bank of England bought at the end of May to smooth
the pound's sudden downturn, while some of the intervention
reported in May probably occurred in April, they said.
    The key three months interbank money market rates eased
about 1/8 point, reflecting cautious hopes that the downtrend
in U.K. Interest rates will be revived following the reserves
news, analysts said.
    Government bond prices initially firmed, but the market was
muted as traders worried about the funding implications of
another huge rise in reserves, they added.
    Morgan Grenfell's Bell forecast a half point base rate cut
from the current nine pct level soon after the election, so
long as poll projections of another Conservative victory prove
accurate, with another half point later.
    Justin Silverton, equity economist at Credit Suisse
Buckmaster and Moore, said a full point reduction might be
possible. "Sterling will be held down by interest rate cuts in
future, rather than this active intervention," he predicted.
    Kevin Boakes of Greenwell Montagu Gilt-Edged cautioned
against over-optimistic forecasts, but agreed a half point cut
looked likely.
    A cut before the election has been virtually ruled out.
    "The Bank (of England) is both worried about the political
problem of cutting rates during an election campaign ... And
has signalled some worry about broad money (growth)," said Robin
Marshall, chief U.K. Economist at Chase Manhattan Securities.
    He said the 10 billion dlrs increase in total reserves in
the past seven months may foreshadow full U.K. Entry into the
European Monetary System.
    But Bell said the authorities would like to see another 10
or 15 billion dlrs in the reserves before joining, if they did
so. But, unlike many analysts, he doubted the U.K. Will go in.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18051>
The Federal Reserve is not expected to
intervene in the government securities market to add or drain
reserves at its usual intervention time this morning,
economists said.
    With the Federal funds rate trading comfortably at  6-9/16
pct, down from yesterday's 6.74 pct average, economists said
the Fed did not need to take reserve management action today.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18086>
The Bundesbank is unlikely to change
credit policies when its central bank council meets on Thursday
for its last session before the Venice summit, banking
economists and money market dealers said.
    The Bundesbank steered money market rates lower last month
by cutting the rate on its security repurchase pacts, and is
unlikely to cap this move with a cut in leading interest rates
in the near future, they said.
    The council will meet in Saarbruecken, and the meeting will
be followed by a news conference at around 1030 GMT.
    But Bundesbank officials noted that a news conference was
usually called when the council meets outside Frankfurt, and
did not necessarily herald any policy moves.
    Bundesbank Vice-President Helmut Schlesinger said today
there was no reason to cut interest rates because money supply
growth had shown no signs of slowing in May and the dollar was
stable against the mark.
    Schlesinger told Reuters in Tokyo, where the Bundesbank has
opened a representative office, that the West German economy
was now picking up after contracting by a seasonally adjusted
1/2 to one pct in the first quarter.
    Money market dealers said call money was likely to hold in
a 3.50/70 pct range for most of this month, after the
Bundesbank switched last month to tenders by interest rate at a
minimum bid rate of 3.50 pct, allocating funds at 3.55 pct.
    "They have set this signal and indicated they could maybe
lower market rates even further, but not with the discount or
Lombard," Winfried Hutmann, chief economist of Schroeder,
Munchmeyer, Hengst Investment GmbH said.
    Werner Chrobok, managing partner at Bethmann Bank, said
German rates were among the lowest in industrial countries and
around historical lows for West Germany.
    A further cut in rates would have little impact on the
economy as banks are in any case reporting slack credit demand,
with companies swimming in liquidity, Chrobok said.
    The Bundesbank would therefore be reluctant to make a move
on interest rates, when this would be better held in reserve.
"The Bundesbank is frightened of using up its powder," he said.
    A cut in the discount or Lombard rates, to bring them in
line with the new structure of money market rates since last
month, would have little practical significance, dealers said.
    The Bundesbank could therefore act on these if it wanted a
diplomatic gesture before next week's Venice summit.
    But Bundesbank President Karl Otto Poehl has often made it
clear in the past he opposes such gestures as mere "eyewash."
    Economists said it was really up to the Bonn government to
cut taxes, rather than for the Bundesbank to ease monetary
policy, to meet pressure on West Germany at the Venice summit.
    But with Bonn struggling to finance already announced tax
cuts and falling tax revenue widening the federal budget
deficit, it is hard to see how Bonn could cut taxes further.
    "The Bonn government will be in a very weak position in
Venice because they can't risk increasing the deficit further,"
said Schroeder, Muenchmeyer, Hengst's Hutmann.
    Bethmann's Chrobok said if anything is to happen before
Venice, it must be in fiscal rather than monetary policy. "But I
don't expect any convincing measures," he said.
    Money market dealers noted that call money continued to
normalize today, falling to 3.60/70 pct from 3.75/85 yesterday
and as much as five pct on Friday when it was pushed up by
month-end distortions.
    Call money could come under upwards pressure later this
month because of a major round of tax payments by banks on
behalf of customers, starting in the week beginning June 15.
Two public holidays that week could also distort the market.
    Dealers said they expected the Bundesbank to allocate funds
tomorrow in the latest repurchase pact at an unchanged 3.55
pct, after setting an unchanged minimum bid rate of 3.50 pct,
and to fully replace the 5.5 billion marks in an outgoing pact.
    But dealers said it was possible the Bundesbank would
allocate funds at 3.6 pct rather than 3.55. That would not
represent a tightening of policy, however.
    Because the Bundesbank scales down bids which it allocates
at the minimum accepted rate, some banks may try to get a full
allocation by bidding heavily at 3.6 pct, dealers said.
    On another issue, Poehl has said the Bundesbank is likely
to lift restrictions on private use of the European Currency
Unit (ECU) at one of its meetings soon.
    Saarbruecken would be a suitable place for an announcement
on this gesture to European unity, as it is the capital of the
Saarland bordering France, and was twice under French
occupation this century.
    But dealers said an ECU announcement was unlikely to come
this week, as a number of technical and legal matters had still
to be resolved, for instance how German ECU accounts would be
treated for minimum reserve purposes.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18142>
Paul Volcker's decision not to go for a
third term as Federal Reserve Chairman and the nomination of
Alan Greenspan to replace him have revived deep concerns about
the U.S.' ability to prevent a further dollar decline and stem
rising inflation, financial market analysts said.
    Although Greenspan is known as a committed anti-inflation
fighter in the Volcker mould, doubts are already surfacing in
the U.S. financial markets as to whether he has enough
political clout and monetary experience to wage a tough
campaign against inflation over the next year or two.
    "The critical issue is how (Greenspan) will deal with
inflation," said Stephen Axilrod, Vice Chairman of Nikko
Securities Co International Inc and former staff director for
monetary and financial policy at the Fed.
    "A lot of questions have been raised by Volcker's
departure. Until Greenspan answers them, the markets will
remain nervous," added Stephen Slifer, money market economist
at Shearson Lehman Government Securities Inc.
    This morning's announcement sent the dollar into a
tailspin, which was halted only by concerted central bank
intervention in the open currency market.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18185>
Henry Kaufman, managing director of
Salomon Brothers Inc, said the nomination of economist Alan
Greenspan to replace Federal Reserve Board Chairman Paul
Volcker is bearish in the near term for the fixed income and
currency markets.
    "The basic direction of interest rates is not changed. The
fundamental direction of interest rates continues to be upward,
interrupted by intermittent rallies," Kaufman said in a
statement. He said the implication for equity markets in
neutral to bullish.
    Kaufman said, "Unlike Paul Volcker, who entered the office
of the Federal Reserve chairman with strong credibility both
domestically and internationally, Mr Greenspan will have to
demonstrate both his competence and policy independence before
he can gain full confidence of the financial markets."
    Greenspan is most knowledgeable on the behavior of the U.S.
economy, while his professional skills in the international
area are much more limited, Kaufman noted.
    "Consequently, although he is well known abroad, his views
on issues such as the Less Developed Country Debt may initially
carry less weight than have those of Mr Volcker."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18362>
Westpac Banking Corp &lt;WSTP.S> said it
is cutting its indicator lending rate to 22 pct from 23 pct
effective from June 15.
    Westpac said in a statement various other lending rates are
also being revised downwards. The Westpac move follows base
rate drops by other New Zealand trading banks recently. &lt;Bank
of New Zealand's> base rate drops to 22 pct from 23 on June 16
and &lt;National Bank of New Zealand Ltd's> rate falls to 21.50
pct from 23 on June 15. The Australia and New Zealand Banking
Group Ltd &lt;ANZA.S> rate remains at 23 pct.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18465>
Citibank Ltd said it would lower its
Australian prime rate to 16 pct from 16.5, effective tomorrow.
    The new rate, if unmatched by other banks, will be the
lowest among Australian trading banks. Other primes range from
16.25 to 17.5 pct.
    Australian prime rates have now retreated from a recent
peak of 19 pct in October in line with declining money market
levels. Citibank said its reduction reflected the decline.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18488>
The Commonwealth Bank of Australia said
it will lower its reference rate for loans to 15.75 pct from
16.25 pct and its overdraft reference rate to 16.25 pct from
16.75, effective June 24.
    Bank officials have said the bank regards the overdraft
reference rate, based on short-term rate trends, as its key
prime lending rate to corporate customers. The loan reference
rate is based on longer term trends.
    The bank is the latest to cut prime rates in recent days
following a continuing decline in market rates. Other prime
rates now range from 16 pct to 17.5 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18520>
The Belgian National Bank said it cut
one, two, and three month treasury certificate rates, all by
0.10 points, effective immediately.
    The cuts take the one month rate to 6.75 pct, the two month
rate to 6.80 pct and the key three month rate to 6.85 pct, the
central bank said in a telex.
    A National Bank spokesman said the modest cut was made
after a decline in domestic money market rates yesterday, and
was not expected to be followed by a cut in the 7.60 pct
discount rate.
    The short-term treasury certificate rates, and especially
the three-month rate, have been the National Bank's main
monetary policy instrument for the last two years.
    The discount rate has been the market's penalty rate rather
than a guiding rate since 1985, and its advances are currently
little used as liquidity is ample, bank economists said.
    The bank last cut one- to three-month certificate rates on
June 5, also by 0.10 points.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18549>
Citibank Ltd said it would lower its
Australian prime rate to 16 pct from 16.5, effective tomorrow.
    The new rate, if unmatched by other banks, will be the
lowest among Australian trading banks. Other primes range from
16.25 to 17.5 pct.
    Australian prime rates have now retreated from a recent
peak of 19 pct in October in line with declining money market
levels. Citibank said its reduction reflected the decline.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18564>
The Commonwealth Bank of Australia said
it will lower its reference rate for loans to 15.75 pct from
16.25 pct and its overdraft reference rate to 16.25 pct from
16.75, effective June 24.
    Bank officials have said the bank regards the overdraft
reference rate, based on short-term rate trends, as its key
prime lending rate to corporate customers. The loan reference
rate is based on longer term trends.
    The bank is the latest to cut prime rates in recent days
following a continuing decline in market rates. Other prime
rates now range from 16 pct to 17.5 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18595>
National Westminster Bank Plc &lt;NWBL.L>
announced a 0.75 pct reduction in the mortgage interest rate
applicable to new mortgages taken out from June 19, 1987.
    The new rate is 10.5 pct (APR - Annual Percentage Rate -
11.2 pct including fees for normal repayment mortgages, and
11.1 pct including fees for endowment and pension mortgages).
    A spokesman for Nat West said the position for existing
mortgages is being kept under active review in the light of
market conditions, and an announcement will be made as soon as
possible.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18672>
Today's U.K. Economic data have pushed
the chances of another base lending rate cut from the current
nine pct further into the distance, analysts said.
    A record fall in unemployment and good manufacturing
production data showed that the economy is still strong and
does not need a fillip from lower rates.
    News that underlying earnings are rising 7.75 pct annually,
taken together with higher than expected bank lending and money
supply growth, revived inflation worries and monetarist
arguments against easier credit, they said.
    "The timetable on lower interest rates is being pushed back
all the while. The strength of the economy and broad money
growth are making it more difficult to see one in the near
term," said Chase Manhattan Securities economist Robin Marshall.
    Analysts have reached this conclusion despite yesterday's
mortgage rate cuts for new borrowers, which building societies
said were a sign of the expected near term trend for U.K.
Rates.
    It also counters the optimistic forecasts of last week that
a post-general election cut was imminent, supported by such
optimistic economic news as May's record reserves rise which
mirrored the Bank of England efforts to cap sterling's
strength.
    The gilt market lost nearly half a point as enthusiasm
about May's 64,300 fall in the seasonally adjusted unemployment
rate, to 2.95 mln or 10.6 pct of the workforce, was rapidly
replaced by dismay at the continued high level of underlying
average earnings in April, dealers said.
    The upset was compounded by news that sterling bank lending
rose 2.7 billion stg in May, above forecast, and that the Bank
of England looks likely to have to sell more gilts to offset
the impact on domestic money supply of its current
intervention.
    "The gilt market reaction was correct," said Bill Martin,
chief U.K. Economist at brokers Phillips and Drew.
    "That's very important ... It shows the economy in a very
good state indeed," Skeoch said.
    "There's no reason to get worries about inflationary
pressures because they're very subdued." Unit wage cost rises
were better than expected, just one pct higher in the year to
April, and it was these costs rather than average earnings
which were potentially inflationary, he added.
    "I don't think these average earnings numbers are a major
problem," agreed Chase Manhattan's Marshall.
    But he said the gilts market was likely to remain worried
about the funding implications of recent intervention.
    He said the inflow of foreign money into sterling assets
earlier this year, attracted by growth prospects and hopes that
the ruling Conservatives would win last week's election, now
looks likely to prevent a base rate cut as the authorities try
to prevent these funds swelling the domestic money system.
    However, David Owen, U.K. Economist at Kleinwort Grieveson
Securities, said any fresh sterling strength would still
trigger a base rate cut and that today's figures did not signal
higher inflation this year.
    "Wage increases are being offset by productivity growth. As
long as that continues we're okay," he added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18724>
The Federal Reserve will enter the
government securities market to supply reserves via either a
large round of customer repurchase agreements or by overnight
or possibly four-day system repurchases, economists said.
    They said the Fed has a fairly large add need and is likely
to face the most reserve dislocations early in the new
statement period started today as corporate tax payments swell
Treasury balances at the Fed.
    Fed funds hovered at 6-3/4 pct after averaging 6.80 pct
yesterday.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18763>
The Federal Reserve entered the
government securities market to supply temporary reserves
indirectly via two billion dlrs of customer repurchase
agreements, a spokesman for the New York Fed said.
    Fed funds were trading at 6-3/4 pct when the Fed began
its action.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18904>
Canada's bank rate rose marginally to
8.59 pct from 8.58 pct last week, Bank of Canada said.
    The bank rate is set one-quarter percentage point above the
average yield on the weekly issue of 91-day treasury bills.
This week's yield was 8.34 pct, compared with the previous
week's 8.33 pct.
    Tenders were accepted for 2.20 billion dlrs of 91-day bills
at an average price of 97.963 dlrs against 97.965 dlrs last
week.
    The 1.20 billion dlrs of 182-day bills were priced at an
average 95.852 dlrs against 95.779 dlrs last week, to yield an
average 8.68 pct against 8.84 pct last week.
    The 500 mln dlrs of 364-day bills were priced at an average
91.712 dlrs against 91.529 dlrs last week, to yield an average
9.06 pct against 9.28 pct last week.
    Tenders will be received next week for 2.20 billion dlrs of
91-day bills, 1.20 billion dlrs of 182-day bills and 500 mln
dlrs of 364-day bills.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19022>
The Australia and New Zealand Banking
Group Ltd &lt;ANZA.S> said it will cut its prime rate to 16.00 pct
from 16.50, effective June 22.
    The cut takes the ANZ's prime to the lower end of the range
of prime rates being offered by Australian trading banks. The
highest rate is 17.50 pct.
    The cut follows announcements of cuts yesterday by
&lt;Citibank Ltd> to 16.00 pct from 16.5, effective today, and
&lt;Commonwealth Bank of Australia> to 15.75 pct from 16.25,
effective June 24.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19167>
Bank of England governor Robin
Leigh-Pemberton said lowering interest rates too fast could
jeopardise recent economic achievements in the U.K.
    In remarks prepared for delivery to businessmen in
Birmingham, he said prospective returns on real investment are
more favourable, relative to those on financial assets, than
for a good number of years.
    "It would surely be foolish to put that favourable
conjuncture at risk by lowering interest rates prematurely or
excessively," he said.
    "We might enjoy a short-term boost to activity, but at the
risk of a damaging return to the uncertainty and acrimony of
high inflation," he added.
    Leigh-Pemberton said he recognised there are some who would
argue that interest rates are still too high and deter
investment in industry.
    "But we should not forget that less than a year ago we were
intervening to support sterling and had some temporary
difficulty in persuading the markets that a one pct increase in
base rates, to 11 pct, was a sufficient tightening of policy at
the time," he added. Base rate is currently nine pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19191>
More U.K. Lenders are offering homebuyers
fixed interest rate mortgages under which the borrower makes
the same monthly payment no matter what happens to other
interest rates.
    And with mortgage rates now at their lowest levels in
years, the loans have been snapped up by eager home buyers
trying to lock into cheap money.
    The decision to offer fixed rate loans, industry officials
said, reflects the increasingly competitive nature of the home
mortgage business.
    While fixed rate mortgages are uncommon in the U.K., They
were the mainstay of the business in the U.S. Up until only a
few years ago.
    But in the early 1980s interest rates soared. U.S. Lenders,
mostly savings and loan associations, were earning rates as low
as three pct on 30 year fixed rate mortgages they held in their
portfolios but had to pay depositors rates as high as 15 pct to
induce them to retain their accounts.
    As a result hundreds of institutions collapsed or were
forced to merge. The survivors decided to offer mortgages whose
rates would move in line with the cost of funds.
    "We very much have the example of the U.S. Thrifts in mind,"
said a spokesman for Abbey National Building Society,
explaining why his institution, for the time being, is only
offering variable rate mortgages.
    The rash of advertising to solicit new business has helped
homebuyers to become even choosier about loans and lenders
concede they are being forced to undercut each other still
more.
    Sharp cuts on variable rate mortgages announced earlier
this week by the nation's two largest building societies and by
National Westminster Bank Plc reflect growing competition for
new business, officials at all three institutions said.
    The fixed rate mortgages on offer carry interest rates even
below those on the variable rate loans.
    "Of course they are less profitable than other (variable
rate) mortgages," said a spokesman for Midland Bank Plc, which
earlier this year said it earmarked 500 mln dlrs for fixed rate
new mortgage loans.
    But he said the bank is willing to offer less profitable
loans because, "It was just another way to attract people to our
mortgage product."
    Trustee Savings Bank Plc (TSB) was offering five year fixed
rate mortgages at 9.9 pct earlier this year.
    The 100 mln stg that TSB set aside for the loans was
exhausted within just a few days, according to a spokeswoman.
    "Everybody loves an under 10 pct mortgage," she said, noting
that within five days the bank loaned the equivalent of 25 pct
of its 1986 volume.
    In short, the appeal of fixed rate mortgages is that they
offer an opportunity to gamble on the direction of interest
rates. If interest rates fall after the mortgage is made the
lender is earning an above average return on assets.
    But if interest rates rise it is the homebuyer who has won
the benefit of cheap money.
    Household Mortgage Co had planned to offer a 25 year fixed
rate mortgage after the June 11 elections on the assumption
that a Conservative Party victory would help money market rates
fall further, according to Duncan Young, managing director.
    Young explained that the company had planned to protect
itself against the chance of rising interest rates by buying a
complicated hedging instrument.
    But money market rates have risen contrary to expectations
and the company has shelved its plans for the time being. He
said money market rates were too high to arrange both the
mortgages and hedge profitably.
    However, he said that when the Household Mortgage Co does
make fixed rate mortgages it is likely to securitise them. This
means bundling different mortgages together to resemble a bond
and selling them to an investor.
    For technical reasons securitisation is simpler and more
efficient with fixed rate rather than with floating rate
mortgages. In the U.S., Where fixed rate mortgages are popular
again, securitisation has provided the bulk of mortgage money
over the past few years.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19201>
The Federal Reserve is likely to add
temporary reserves to the banking system this morning by
executing system repurchase agreements, economists said.
    The Fed faces a need to add a large volume of reserves this
statement period to offset a drain caused by rising Treasury
balances at the Fed after the June 15 tax date.
    Most economists are predicting over-the-weekend system
repurchases. But some, who see a smaller adding requirement,
are forecasting a less aggressive combination of three- and
six-day repos. Fed funds were trading at 6-3/4 pct, close to
yesterday's 6.81 pct average.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19237>
The Federal Reserve entered the
government securities market to arrange six-day repurchase
agreements for system account, a spokeswoman for the New York
Fed said.
    Fed funds were trading at 6-3/4 pct at the time of the
direct injection of temporary reserves, dealers said.
    Economists had expected three- or six-day repurchases
because the Fed needs to add a large volume of reserves this
statement period.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19483>
The six basis point rise of the past
month in U.S. debt futures may be extended next week by a
series of U.S. economic reports, analysts said, as long as the
dollar holds firm.
    "Interest rates have declined by approximately 50 basis
points over the last month, largely over indications that
inflation is not as high as people had feared and the narrowing
U.S. trade balance, in nominal terms," Samuel Kahan, chief
financial economist with Kleinwort Benson Government
Securities, said.
    Kahan said recent government reports have shown strength in
the economy during the first quarter, but his concern is
whether the U.S. economy will sustain that strength in the
longer term.
    Weak U.S. economic growth could hurt the dollar, which has
become more important to the direction of debt futures than the
beneficial impact on interest rates of a sluggish economy.
    The median trade expectations for Tuesday's U.S. Consumer
Price Index and Durable Goods reports are up 0.4 pct and down
1.5 pct, respectively.
    Meanwhile, the eight billion dlr drop in the M-1 money
supply announced this week was "surprising, much larger than
expected," according to Kahan. "Unless quickly reversed," such
a trend "will ensure that June M-1 growth will be negative,"
Kahan said.
    Taken in conjunction with M-2 and M-3 aggregates which
Kahan said have "slowed to a crawl, below Federal Reserve Board
annual targets," the consequences could be a hint of economic
weakness down the road, he said.
    Based on chart formations, T-bond futures may be poised for
further gains, although the advance has been slowed recently,
analysts said.
    September T-bonds "are up almost six points since about May
18," Merrill Lynch debt analyst Jim Duggan noted. September
bond futures climbed from the low of 87 a month ago to over 93
in mid-June, Duggan said.
    While follow-through buying has aided the advance so far,
and bouts of short covering have prohibited a slide through
chart support, the rally in September T-bonds has been thwarted
above the 93 level.
    "The 93 level is formidable resistance and must be taken
out before this activity is anything other than a trading range
market," Carroll McEntee and McGinley Futures debt analyst
Brian Singer said.
    The dollar remains the key fundamental factor, and the U.S.
currency has made little headway of late, analysts said.
    "The critical variable remaining in the market is the value
of the dollar," Kahan said.
    Additional influences next week will be possible
developments ahead of an OPEC members meeting, and the impact
and size of the U.S. budget deficit, "although these will not
be in the forefront of the market early next week," Kahan said.
    In looking ahead to the U.S. Treasury mini-refunding
auctions of 24.25 billion in T-notes on Tuesday, Wednesday and
Thursday, Singer said the market will likely greet the results
with little excitement. However, a successful auction could
prove to be a turning point, depending on prevailing market
psychology.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19511>
The Bank of Japan bought 100 billion yen
in certificates of deposit (CDs) via repurchase agreements
today to show its determination to maintain an easy money
policy, central bank officials said.
    "Today's CD buying operation was designed to seek an
announcement effect, in which we would reassure the market of
the fact that we have not changed our policy stance," a senior
central bank official told Reuters.
    The bank also bought 400 billion yen in two-month
commercial bills to smooth out tight credit conditions in the
interbank market today, the officials said.
    The central bank was concerned about growing market
expectations of higher interest rates, which were in part
responsible for the recent plunge in stock and yen bond prices,
the officials said.
    But money traders said the market generally shrugged off
the bank's CD operation because it was small and at a rate far
below prevailing market rates. The rate on the key three-month
CDs in the primary market was 4.08/00 pct, while the bank's bid
was 3.75 pct, they said.
    The bank's bill buying operation also had little impact
because it was regarded as a routine operation, they said.
    The money traders said they regarded the central bank's CD
buying operation as simply a gesture to live up to Japan's
pledge to guide interest rates lower and stimulate the economy.
    "We did not expect the central bank to ease its credit grip
any further," a bank manager said, adding that the prevailing
market expectation of higher rates will remain.
    "If this is the case, the three-month CD rate will stay
above four pct for the time being," he said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19512>
The Bank of Japan will tomorrow sell 1,200
billion yen in bills from its holdings to help absorb a
projected money market surplus of 2,100 billion, money market
traders said.
    Of the total, 800 billion yen will yield 3.6004 pct on
sales from money houses to banks and securities houses in
34-day repurchase agreements maturing on August 3.
    The other 200 billion yen will yield 3.6003 pct in 43-day
repurchase accords maturing on August 12.
    The remaining 200 billion yen will yield 3.6503 pct in
50-day repurchase agreements maturing on August 19.
    The repurchase agreement yields compare with the 3.5625 pct
one-month commercial bill discount rate today and 3.6250 pct on
two-month bills.
    They attributed the projected surplus mainly to 1,900
billion yen of government tax allocations to local governments
and public bodies.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19529>
Yields on certificates of deposit (CDs)
issued today by the United Arab Emirates central bank were
unchanged from those on last Monday's offer, the bank said.
    The one month yield was set at last week's 6-3/4 pct, while
two and three month CDs also remained unchanged at 6-13/16 pct.
The six month yield was set at seven pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19557>
Bundesbank President Karl Otto Poehl said
West Germany would be badly advised to lower interest rates and
that he believed the economy would continue to recover after a
six-month lull.
    Asked by the newspaper Bild am Sonntag if lower interest
rates could boost the domestic economy, Poehl said: "We would be
badly advised if we forced further interest rate cuts.
    "This could, under certain circumstances, release new
inflationary fears which would then be more likely to lead to
higher interest rates," he added.

    Poehl said Germany had practically no growth in the past
six months because of the mark's surge and the cold winter.
    "But since April, statistics clearly show that the economy
finds itself on a course of growth," he said. "I expect this
development to continue in the coming months."
    Asked about his expectations of a U.S.-European Community
trade war, Poehl said such an event would be disastrous.
    "For this reason we in Europe must avoid everything used by
protectionist forces in the U.S. As pretexts," he added. "This
includes...Eliminating existing restrictions in the EC as far
as possible. Protectionism is not found only in the U.S."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19693>
The Federal Reserve entered the
government securities market to arrange two-day repurchase
agreements for system account, a spokesman for the New York Fed
said.
    Federal funds were trading at 6-3/4 pct at the time of the
direct injection of temporary reserves, in line with Friday's
6.72 pct average.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19775>
The Treasury Department said it
notified the Netherlands that it was terminating the 1948
income tax treaty as it applies to the Netherlands Antilles and
Aruba.
    The termination is effective January 1, 1988, the Treasury
said in a two-sentence announcement.
    The Treasury decided to end the treaty after negotiations
between the United States and the Netherlands over the past
eight years had failed to reach an accord, a Treasury spokesman
said.
    The decision means the sale by U.S. parent companies of
Eurobonds through Netherlands Antilles subsidiaries will no
longer be free of the 30 pct U.S. withholding tax, the
spokesman said.
    Terminating the tax treaty with the Netherlands Antilles 
may cause bond issuers to call in the bonds early. Most have
maturities of 10 years or less and were issued before 1984, the
spokesman said.
    He said the Treasury did not expect the action to have an
adverse effect on U.S. issuers of the bonds because the general
decline in interest rates means they will be able to refinance
at lower interest rates.
    However, the holders of the bonds presumably will be faced
with lower yields.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19875>
Sales of new single-family homes
tumbled 14.9 pct in May from April levels because of higher
mortgage interest rates, analysts said.
    "There should be another month or two of very weak new home
sales but with interest rates stabilizing, sale of new homes
should become more stable by mid-summer," said economist
Lawrence Chimerine of Wharton Econometrics Inc.
    The drop in May, to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of
616,000 units, was the largest since January 1982, the Commerce
Department said.
    Interest rates on conventional mortgages bottomed out at
about 9.08 pct in March and rose to about 10.7 pct in April,
according to Stephen Roach, economist at Morgan Stanley.
    The effect was to freeze some potential new homebuyers out
of the market, he and others said.
    "The rates moved very suddenly and were certainly
unexpected by homebuyers," said Cynthia Latta, an economist
with Data Resources. "They were so startled, they wanted to
hold back and see what would happen."
    The drop in sales of new single-family home sales was
sharper than expected, some economists said. "We fully expected
a decline but the extent was more than we anticipated," said
James Christian, chief economist for the U.S. League of Savings
Institutions.
    Christian said there was a sharp rise in May in sales of
existing homes, which are generally less expensive than new
homes.
    Latta of Data Resources said strong sales of new
condominiums in the Northeast and on the West Coast were
reflected in sales of existing but not new homes.
    Christian of the U.S. League of Savings Institutions said,
"Underlying housing demand remains strong. I think the market
is going to stabilize and give us a good second half."
    Others were less optimistic, however.
    "We clearly won't have a boom (in new home sales) but I
don't think this is the start of a collapse in single-family
housing," said Chimerine of Wharton.
    Eugene Sherman, chief economist of the Federal Home Loan
Bank of New York, said, "The lower sales level will be
maintained for awhile until there is another change in rates.
There won't be much specific improvement in coming months."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20021>
President Corazon Aquino said the
Philippines was closely monitoring interest rates in the wake
of Monday's record drop on Wall Street and steep declines in
Manila and other Asian stock markets.
    "We will monitor these developments closely and will
continue to hope that they do not precipitate large declines in
economic activity around the world," Aquino told a meeting of 13
major Philippine business groups.
    "The Philippines, as a trading country in the world economy,
depends on the continued health and growth of both the world
economy and the world trading system," she said.
    The Manila Stock Exchange composite index plunged 105.49
points or 11.79 pct by the midday close to 789.54, depressed by
the record 508 point fall of the Dow Jones industrial average
on Monday.
    "The Philippines, in addition, as a large borrower nation,
is affected by developments in interest rate levels around the
world and will carefully monitor the impact of these
developments on interest rates, on gold and on commodity
prices," Aquino said.
    "We welcome the statements from world leaders that urge calm
in the present difficult situation," she added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20038>
Rises in West German and international
interest rates are a cause for concern and the Bundesbank has
no interest in higher capital market rates, Bundesbank
President Karl Otto Poehl said.
    "We consider the interest rate increase that has occurred
here and internationally to be a problem and cause for concern,"
Poehl told an investment conference.
    "I would like to stress that the Bundesbank has no interest
in higher capital market rates," he said.
    Shortly after Poehl spoke, the Bundesbank announced a
tender for a securities repurchase pact at a fixed rate of 3.80
pct.
    Previous tenders over the last month by interest rate have
seen the allocation rate on these facilities rise to 3.85 pct
at last week's pact from 3.60 on the last fixed-rate tender in
late September.
    The Bundesbank's reduction of the key allocation rate to
3.80 from 3.85 pct was heralded Monday by repeated injections
of money market liquidity at between 3.70 and 3.80 pct.
    These moves to cap interest rates followed a meeting
between Poehl, Finance Minister Gerhard Stoltenberg and U.S.
Treasury Secretary James Baker Monday in Frankfurt.
    Officials said afterwards the three men had reaffirmed
their commitment to the Louvre accord on currency stability.
    Over the weekend, criticism by Baker of the tightening in
West German monetary policy had prompted a sharp fall of the
dollar on speculation that Louvre cooperation had ended.
    But the dollar rallied on news of Monday's meeting in
nervous trading to trade above 1.79 marks Tuesday.
    Poehl said that the recent rise in interest rates was not
due to central bank policy, but to markets' expectations, and
currency developments.
    Commenting on the inflationary expectations, Poehl said "You
have to get to the root of the problem, you have to pursue a
policy which reveals that there are no grounds for such fears."
 The inflationary fears were unjustified and exaggerated, he
said.
    Poehl rebuffed recent U.S. Criticism of West Germany,
saying the Bundesbank had made a substantial contribution to
international cooperation in interest and monetary policy.
    The Bundesbank has tolerated an overshooting of its money
supply target, arousing criticism from other quarters, he said.
    "Today we still have lower interest rates than at the end of
1986... Quite the contrary of other countries, where interest
rates have risen substantially more," Poehl said.
    This had to be taken into account when considering recent
rises in repurchase pact allocation rates, which were due to
rising international money market rates that had spilled over
into the German market, he said.
    Poehl expressed surprise that financial markets had so far
ignored improvements in the U.S. Deficits.
    "The adjustment process in the U.S. Trade balance is
definitely underway," he said, noting that this was not so
noticeable in absolute figures.
    The spectacular improvement in the budget deficit had also
attracted little attention, he said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20048>
Plunging Tokyo stock prices will prevent
the Bank of Japan from raising its discount rate and could even
force it to ease monetary policy if the collapse continues,
government and private economists said.
    A rise in interest rates now would only serve to spark
further selling of shares that could ultimately have a major
deflationary impact on the real economy, they said.
    Although Bank of Japan officials have consistently
maintained that they had no plans to raise the 2.5 pct discount
rate, many in the markets have thought otherwise. 
    Fears of a rise in the discount rate were fanned by the
central bank's apparent decision last week to countenance
higher rates on commercial bills, dealers said.
    But today's stock market collapse -- prices fell nearly 15
pct -- means that the Bank of Japan would be hard pressed to
raise the discount rate now, despite its concerns about a
renewed outbreak of inflation, dealers and economists said.
    Japanese government bond prices rose sharply today as the
markets concluded that the stock market's collapse precluded
the central bank from carrying out the widely-rumoured discount
rate increase.
    A senior government economist suggested that both the U.S.
And Japan needed to ease monetary policy now to prevent a
further drop in New York and Tokyo stock prices. "They need to
support the stock and security markets," he said.
    But Bank of Japan officials said they saw no need to change
policy for the moment, although one admitted that the central
bank may have to rethink its strategy if Tokyo stock prices
continue to plunge during the rest of the week.
    Both government and Bank of Japan economists agreed the
economy is better placed now to cope with the deflationary
impact of plunging stock prices than it was a few months ago.
    With the economy recovering strongly, the steep drop in
stock prices is not likely to put a major dent in consumer and
business confidence, one government economist said.
    "There will be some impact on the real economy, but it won't
be that big," said another.
    Individuals are not heavily invested in stocks on their
own, although they do participate through trust funds and other
investment vehicles. And while many manufacturing firms turned
to financial market investments for profits during last year's
economic downturn, the recent rebound has allowed them to
refocus their attention on their core businesses, he said.
    Paradoxically, it is the pick-up in the economy that is
partly to blame for the stock market collapse as companies have
shifted funds away from financial investments to increase
inventories and step up capital spending, one government
economist said.
    In deciding what response to make to the steep stock price
drop, the Bank of Japan must first determine whether prices
will continue to fall further and then decide if they pose a
greater economic danger than the threat of higher inflation,
one central bank official said. "That will at least take a
couple of days, if not weeks," he said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20159>
Chemical Bank and Marine Midland Banks
Inc said they are cutting their prime lending rate to 9-1/4 pct
from 9-3/4 pct, reversing an increase that they announced just
last week.
    The reduction is effective immediately.
    No other major U.S. bank had followed the lead of Chemical
and Marine Midland, preferring to keep their prime rates at
9-1/4 pct while they waited to see what course money market
rates would take.
    Following Monday's record fall in Wall Street stock prices,
money market rates fell sharply on Tuesday as investors
ploughed proceeds into short-term instruments and the Federal
Reserve said it is prepared to provide liquidity to support the
economy and the financial system.
    Eurodollar deposit rates in London fell by as much as 9/16
percentage point, Treasury bill rates fell by as much as half a
point (after falling between 59 and 84 basis points on Monday),
and the Fed funds rate dropped to 7-1/4 pct from Monday's
average of 7.61 pct. Speculation even surfaced of a discount
rate cut to calm the markets, dealers said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20262>
An unexpectedly heavy 4.4 billion stg
surge in U.K. September sterling bank lending is unlikely to
nudge the Bank of England towards tightening monetary policy as
long as sterling remains in its present robust state,
economists said.
    An acute crisis of confidence in equity markets over the
past two days will in any case subdue personal consumer credit
demand which has largely been behind growth in lending.
    "In the normal course of events the markets would have been
extremely worried about that figure," noted Peter Spencer, U.K.
Economist with Credit Suisse First Boston.
    After an initial dip in reaction to the bank lending data,
which compared won stg August rise, U.K.
Government bonds (gilts) soared as investors continued to flee
from plummetting equities into the relative security of
government securities.
    Equity markets dropped sharply on the news, touching a
day's low of 1,766.7 on the FTSE 100 index after the data,
before staging a recovery. Sterling held its buoyant tone
throughout.
    U.K. Money market rates, in a similarly calm response,
resumed the slightly easier trend of earlier in the morning
after little more than a token blip as the figures came out.
    Noting that such a huge rise in credit extended by banks
would under other circumstances have prompted market fears of a
rise in clearing bank base rates from the current 10 pct, "With
the financial markets doing what they're doing, that's the last
thing the Bank of England would want to do," Spencer said.
    "The monetary situation is clearly very bad but as long as
sterling is firm, the authorities are unlikely to put rates up,"
said Kevin Boakes, chief U.K. Economist at Greenwell Montagu
Gilt Edged. Boakes pointed to a rise in the narrow money
measure M0 to 5.2 pct year-on-year from August's 4.5 pct
growth, which he said must cause some concern at the Treasury.
    But "The fact that overall broad money growth has slowed
down is a rather encouraging sign," noted Paul Temperton, U.K.
Economist with Merrill Lynch Capital Markets. He pointed to a
fall in the year-on-year growth rate of the M3 broad money
aggregate to 19.5 pct in September from August's 22 pct.
    It was concern about credit growth which prompted the Bank
of England to engineer a one point rise in U.K. Bank base rates
to 10 pct in early August, caution endorsed subsequently by
news of a massive 4.9 billion stg July rise in bank lending.
    Temperton noted that a particular focus of bank worry in
that period had been the behaviour of U.K. Asset markets.
    Housing and equities were the key two asset markets in
influencing consumer behaviour, he said.
    In the light of the precipitous falls on U.K. Equity
markets in the past few days, "There will almost certainly be a
straightforward impact on consumer spending and on retail
sales," Temperton said.
    "Almost certainly we can look forward to slower growth in
consumer borrowing if the equity shakeout continues," he added.
    "I think the stock market has decided that the bank lending
figure is a thing of the past...We are talking about a very
serious panic and a flight to quality," Spencer said.
    A U.K. Treasury official said that it was important to look
at all the monetary information, not just the bank lending,
adding that monetary aggregates were growing much more slowly
than bank lending.
    Senior banking sources noted that the surge in bank lending
was evidence of the continuing recent trend of fairly heavy
personal sector borrowing.
    Figures from the Banking Information Service showed
personal sector lending by U.K. Clearing banks rose by 1.66
billion stg in September after a 978 mln stg August rise. Much
of the rise reflected quarterly interest payments.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20263>
The Federal Reserve is expected to enter
the government securities market to add reserves via customer
repurchase agreements, economists said.
    They expected the amount to total around 1.5 billion to two
billion dlrs.
    Economists added that the low rate on federal funds
indicates the Fed is unlikely to add funds agressively through
overnight system repurchases, unless it feels the need to calm
volatile financial markets.
    Federal funds were trading at 7-1/8 pct, down from
yesterday's average of 7.61 pct.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20409>
Donald Regan, President Reagan's
former chief of staff, said the government should loosen the
money supply, try to keep interest rates down and try to reduce
the federal budget and trade deficits to avoid a recession.
    "I think what we have to face now is trying to preserve our
economy," the one-time chairman of Merrill Lynch and Co Inc
&lt;MER> said in an interview on the ABC television network.
    "We've got to loosen money, we've got to keep interest rates
down. We can't afford to let them go up. That means we're going
to have to work on our twin deficits, both the budget deficit
and the trade deficit," Regan said.
     "I certainly wouldn't tighten money at this particular
moment," Regan said when asked about the prospects for a
recession following Monday's price drop on Wall Street.
    "I think that if they were to do that, they'd create the
same conditions that we did in '29...They choked off the money
supply and what happened? We went into a major recession. I
think that's the one thing we've got to avoid right now."
    Regan also called on the government to impose restrictions
on program trading. "I think that that's exacerbated,
exaggerated this decline, and I think it's something that they
must stop," he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20500>
The United States appears to have won a
transatlantic battle by forcing the Bundesbank to trim interest
rates, European economists said.
    But they added Washington set the stakes high by testing
the limits of the Louvre accord while global stock markets were
plunging.
    West German Finance Minister Gerhard Stoltenberg and U.S.
Treasury Secretary James Baker reaffirmed their commitment to
currency stability at a secret meeting yesterday in Frankfurt,
according to official statements released late Monday.
    Only 13 hours after the statements were released, the
Bundesbank reduced short-term interest rates by offering banks
liquidity at a fixed bid rate of 3.80 pct, down from a 3.85 pct
facility rate offered last week.
    While the two ministers were meeting with Bundesbank
president Karl Otto Poehl, the central bank had also added
money market liquidity repeatedly, signalling it did not want a
strong rise in the tender allocation rate on Tuesday.
     "It's round one to the Americans, " said Richard Reid,
senior European economist for brokers UBS/Philips and Drew in
London.
    But Reid added, "We shouldn't forget that it has taken one
of the biggest stock market crashes in decades to get the West
Germans to cut their security repurchase rate by a 0.05
percentage point."
    Over the weekend, criticism by Baker of earlier tightening
of West German monetary policy led to a sharp dollar fall and
fuelled speculation that the Louvre accord was no longer valid.
    Six leading industrial nations agreed under February's
Louvre Accord to stabilise currencies and coordinate monetary
policies. It has since been reaffirmed by the Group of Seven -
the US, Japan, West Germany, Britain, France, Italy and Canada.
    The Frankfurt meeting on Monday soothed currency markets
and the dollar gained over two pfennigs in after hours trading
in New York. At the Frankfurt fixing on Tuesday, the dollar was
quoted at 1.7918 marks compared with 1.7740 on Monday.
    Guenther Aschoff, chief economist at Deutsche
Genossenschaftbank in Frankfurt said massive declines on world
stock markets had been the main reason for the fall in West
German short-term interest rates on Tuesday.
    "The Bundesbank wanted to set a marker after stock market
losses... That was the responsible thing to do and if it fits
with Baker's wishes, then all the better," he said.
    No central bank wants to let interest rates rise, and the
Bundesbank had been forced to put its rates up following rises
in the U.S., Aschoff said.
    Poehl told a conference in Frankfurt on Tuesday the central
bank has no interest in higher capital market rates and he
thought the global rate increase was a cause for concern.
    Giles Keating, economist with Credit Suisse First Boston
Ltd in London said "The cautious Bundesbank has beaten a retreat
and Baker has won a battle...But he hasn't won the war as the
security repurchase rate is still 20 points higher than it was
before the IMF meeting last month in Washington."
    Before the IMF meeting, when the Louvre Accord was
reaffirmed, the Bundesbank was offering money market liquidity
at 3.60 pct, Keating noted.
    Economists said the United States now appeared to have
agreed to play by the rules of the Louvre Accord and support
the dollar in return for the German action on interest rates.
    Any further sharp decline of the dollar would hinder
Washington's efforts to reduce its trade deficit, Stoltenberg
told a news conference on Tuesday. He added he would not rule
out central banks of leading industrial countries intervening
on exchange markets to defend the dollar's value.
    Deutsche Genossenschaftbank's Aschoff stressed West
Germany's heavy dependence on exports and the need for currency
stability. In addition, both the U.S. And West German central
banks were keen to avoid a dollar slide which would force them
to again spend vast sums intervening to support the dollar.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20532>
U.K. Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel
Lawson said the collapse of British share prices this week held
no implication so far for domestic interest rates.
    He said in a television interview that "there is nothing in
the events of the past few days to increase the upward pressure
on (U.K.) interest rates."
    Sterling has so far stayed solid during the crisis, backed
by strong economic fundamentals and by 10 pct bank base lending
rates, analysts said. Lawson's comments followed another
frantic day in London's financial center, where British shares
closed 12.2 pct down on the day.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20631>
Finance Minister Gerhard Stoltenberg said he
was surprised by recent criticism of West German economic
policies voiced by U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker but
added that the criticism was not purely one-sided.
    Stoltenberg told the West German Trade and Industry
Association (DIHT) that before a meeting with Baker on Monday,
"There had been surprising notes of criticism (from the United
States)." He added. "Criticism is not a one-way street."
    He did not elaborate, but Bonn has often called on the U.S.
To reduce its federal budget deficit.
    Over the weekend Baker had criticised West German economic
policies, saying that rises in domestic interest rates here
were not in the spirit of last February's Louvre pact to
stabilise currencies.
    Stoltenberg told the DIHT that his meeting on Monday with
Baker had resolved differences between the two countries.
    At a news conference earlier on Tuesday Stoltenberg had
declined to comment specifically on Baker's criticisms, but he
had said that after three hours of discussions on Monday, "one
remark or another has been clarified."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20678>
Sen. John Heinz, R-Pa, urged the
Administration to take steps to reduce volatility in the
financial markets, including suspending program trading and
limiting daily trading on stock index futures.
    Heinz said margin requirements for index futures, now six
pct, should be the same as for common stock and equities.
    He urged creation of a task force to be headed by former
Federal Reserve chairman Paul Volcker to coordinate
international credit and montary policies among major nations
and stabilize interest rates at the lowest possible levels.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20764>
As official Washington sought to
restore investor confidence after Monday's Wall Street
collapse, Treasury Secretary James Baker came under fire from
critics who claimed he helped to precipitate the crisis.
    Baker's weekend blast at the West German Bundesbank for
boosting interest rates seemed to signal an unraveling of an
international accord to stabilize currency values.
    Nigel Lawson, British Chancellor of the Exchequer, was
among those who said the treasury secretary's statements helped
spur a wave of stock sales by making already jittery investors
think that a clash between the two major economic powers would
damage the world economy.
    Lawson told a London television interviewer Tuesday, "I
think the scale of the (stock) fall was very great. That, I
think, was partly due to statements that have been made by
senior figures on the other side of the Atlantic." It was a
dispute that should never have happened, he added.
    Although Baker appeared to patch over the rift at a
hastily-called meeting with West German officials Monday, he  
still faced a storm of criticism on his return to the United
States on Tuesday. Baker cut short a long-planned trip to
Scandinavia to return here to deal with the economic crisis.
    Said one U.S. analyst of Baker's weekend remarks, "His
timing could not have been worse."
    One government bond salesman in New York said, "He actually
thought that yelling at the Germans, and threatening to smack
the dollar down would work. That doesn't show much
understanding of international monetary gamesmanship."
    However, some analysts said West Germany's stubborn march
toward higher interest rates may have forced Baker's hand.
    "On the surface Baker may look responsible for this, but if
you go back to see what caused it (unsettling of financial
markets), it was West German policy," said Robert Brusca of
Nikko Securities International in New York.
    "All Mr. Baker did was to mention the obvious in public, so
making him responsible for it was a little like killing the
messenger," he said.
    After Monday's talks, the U.S. and West German governments
made it clear that the Louvre currency accord, pieced together
in Paris in February, was still in effect.
    Wall Street feared that collapse of the agreement might be
a prelude to hyper-inflation and economic malaise similar to
the late 1970s. Analysts believe Monday's Wall Street crash
wiped out about 500 billion dlrs in stock values.
   Treasury sources said that Baker, already unhappy about
Bonn's refusal to stimulate its economy in order to keep the
global recovery moving, was angered by a Bundesbank interest
rate boost that seemed destined to do just the opposite.
    He felt that the U.S. recovery, inching along in its 59th
month, could no longer be the only engine of global economic
expansion. A growing U.S. economy has been serving as a huge
market for debtor country exports.
    Moreover, Baker, the consummate politician, was worried
that the Republican party might face next year's presidential
election with its main showpiece -- a vibrant economy -- badly
tarnished.
    A rise in global interest rates might worsen the debt
crisis and completely choke off U.S. economic growth that has
already slowed to a tepid 3.2 pct annual rate.
    "There's no doubt that it can have an adverse effect on the
economy, and it's important that the psychology turn around
quickly, or else obviously the panic will feed on itself, and
eventually there'll be a serious price to pay economically,"
former deputy Treasury Secretary Richard Darman said in a
television interview.
    In many ways, the official response was mild.
    Washington was stunned by the sudden Wall Street retreat,
with President Reagan speaking for most people by admitting
that he was "puzzled."
    U.S. government sources said the secretary immediately
returned to the Treasury to be briefed on market developments
and, presumably, their political impact.
    For all of this, it seems unlikely that Baker's status in
Washington will diminish because of the market fall.
    Asked by reporters if somebody's head should roll because
of the Wall Street retreat, Texas Democratic Senator Lloyd
Bentsen said with some irony, "Oh, I think it's much too late to
be doing that...You have an administration that's taken the
attitude that we can put the country on automatic pilot and ---
retire to the living room to take a nap. You just can't do
that."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20769>
President Reagan said he was pleased
with the actions of some banks to reduce their prime lending
rates today and said he sees room for a further decline in
interest rates.
    "I believe there is room in the market for a further decline
in interest rates," Reagan said in a statement as he left the
White House to visit his wife Nancy at Bethesda Naval Hospital.
    Reagan's statement followed a meeting with his top economic
advisers.
    Reagan said he remains concerned about the market, but that
actions taken by the Federal Reserve have helped.
    "Interest rates are down across the spectrum," Reagan said.
    "Specifically, I am pleased that the bond market is strong
and that foreign exchange markets are stable," Reagan said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21285>
The Federal Reserve entered the
government securities market to arrange three-day system
repurchase agreements, a spokesman for the New York Fed said.
    Federal funds were trading at 7-5/8 pct at the time of the
direct injection of temporary reserves, dealers said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21342>
Federal Deposit Insurance Corp Chairman
William Seidman said he would be concerned about the impact on
banks of a further sharp rise in interest rates.
    However, Seidman, attending the American Bankers
Association convention, said he did not expect rates to rise
much higher and said the outlook for the U.S. economy and for
banking was sound.
    "The potential for greater interest rate rises gives us
concern. We see nothing right now in the outlook that causes us
to believe rates are going much higher or that the economy is
not sound," Seidman told a news conference.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21422>
Today's sharp sell-off of Swiss stocks and
matching falls around Europe may have been overdone, but the
mood on financial markets is precarious, Swiss securities
analysts and economists said.
    Panic selling took Swiss shares down six pct at the opening
on enormous volume, triggered by the slide on Wall Street and
the threat of renewed currency instability.
    "I have never experienced anything like this, and I've been
in the business for 20 years," said Bernhard Wyttenbach, head of
European research at Union Bank of Switzerland.
    The analysts blamed the sell-off in Europe on U.S. Monetary
authorities. This weekend, U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker
publicly voiced his displeasure with West German monetary
policy. He said the eight-month-old Louvre accord to stabilise
currencies was still working, but added: "On the other hand, we
will not sit back and watch surplus countries jack up interest
rates and squeeze growth on the expectation that the United
States will raise rates."
    Hans Peter Ast of Societe Generale Alsacienne (Sogenal) in
Zurich said: "The situation is very dangerous. Statements by the
U.S. Authorities have fuelled anxiety about interest rates."
    Herbert Fritschi, director of Zurich Cantonal Bank's
financial research department, called the sell-off "overdone,"
but warned that the situation could worsen unless central banks
loosen their monetary policy.
    "I think the trend toward higher interest rates is over," he
said. "The Federal Reserve and the Bundesbank have to step in
with an easy money policy, or else there is going to be an
economic catastrophe. They have to act quickly."
    Wyttenbach said the "Black Monday" sell-off was clearly
exaggerated, with Swiss Reinsurance Co participation
certificates falling 20 pct in value at one point.
    But Wyttenbach said he did not believe that a correction
would come soon. First, the bad news will reach small investors
only in time for tomorrow's market, when there could be
another, smaller selling wave.
    "As soon as the dollar stabilises -- and that's the key --
then we'll get a strong movement upward," Wyttenbach said. But
that may not come soon.
    "People are simply worried that in America, where the market
has now fallen by 18 pct since August, the bull market is over,"
he said. "People are afraid that we'll have a recession in 1988."
    Baker was wrong to blame the West Germans for the current
problems and the weak dollar, Wyttenbach said. "We do not have a
mark problem, we have a dollar problem," he added, but said the
biggest culprit was the new chairman of the U.S. Federal
Reserve Board, Alan Greenspan.
    Wyttenbach recalled that Greenspan had suggested that the
dollar might be too high in the medium term and that interest
rates might have to rise. "As a central banker he shouldn't do
that," Wyttenbach said. "There is a danger that we will fall back
into the 1970s," he said. "We have a real crisis of confidence in
Greenspan. I would much rather have a Volcker."
    Paul Volcker retired as Fed chairman on August 11.
    Cantonal Bank's Fritschi said: "I'm relatively optimistic
because the situation looks too bad. The Fed certainly has to
intervene."
    He said he did not expect the Swiss National Bank to take
any significant steps, adding that the focus of attention
remains on the United States.
    "The panic started in New York, it has to end there."
    The Cantonal Bank sent an advisory to customers suggesting
they not sell into a panicked market, but wait a while before
deciding what to do.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21491>
The thriving market in Luxembourg
franc bond issues has been temporarily stalled by the Belgian
government crisis which has put the franc under pressure and
forced up interest rates, banking sources said.
    On Monday, King Baudouin accepted the resignation of
Belgian Prime Minister Wilfried Martens' coalition and asked
him to try to form a new government.
    Because of the crisis, Banque Generale du Luxembourg SA
(BGL) has delayed a public issue for one billion Luxembourg
francs, originally scheduled for the end of last week, BGL
director Robert Sharfe said.
    He said the issue would probably go ahead later this week.
    It is likely there will be an upward adjustment in interest
rates on Luxembourg franc bond private placements, banking
sources said. However, no new placements are scheduled for
another 10 days.
    The latest issue last Friday for Swedish Export Credit Corp
(SEK) carried a coupon of 7-1/2 pct, whereas in previous issues
the interest was set lower at 7-3/8 pct.
    Interest rates on the Luxembourg franc, which is in parity
with the Belgian franc, are strongly affected by Belgian rates.
    On Friday, Belgium increased the rate on three-month
Treasury certificates by 0.5 pct to 7.15 pct as the Belgian
franc came under pressure.
    Private placements in Luxembourg francs have become
increasingly popular, particularly with Scandivanian borrowers,
because they carry a relatively low interest rate.
    Private investors also have flocked to buy Luxembourg franc
bond issues because the franc was seen as a fairly strong
currency.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21508>
Karl Otto Poehl, head of West Germany's
central bank, and Finance Minister Gerhard Stoltenberg are
normally so much in agreement that some foreigners doubt the
central bank's independence.
    But a rare public row between the ebullient Poehl,
president of the Bundesbank, and Stoltenberg, over a
controversial investment tax proposal, has added to the woes of
the country's already nervous financial markets, bankers said.
    Poehl told an investment symposium in Frankfurt last
Thursday he feared the tax would raise borrowing costs and
interest rates
    Stoltenberg quickly issued a statement rebutting Poehl's
criticism, saying West Germany would remain an attractive place
for foreign investors.
    "The obvious lack of coordination between the Bundesbank and
Finance Ministry does not instil confidence in foreign
investors," said one economist for a London broker, who asked
not to be identified.
    Bankers here expressed confidence the two top financial
policy-makers would quickly patch up their relationship to
steer the economy through a particularly difficult time.
    "There are plenty of objective pressures which will result
in things getting back to normal again after a period of ill
feeling," said Commerzbank AG chief economist Juergen Pfister.
    News on October 9 that the government was planning a 10 pct
withholding tax wiped billions of marks off shares and bonds in
a market already reeling from rising interest rates at home and
abroad.
    Bankers said the Bundesbank was angered by the way the
finance ministry announced the plan -- without consulting the
Bundesbank adequately, and allowing apparently conflicting
details to dribble out into an unprepared and uncertain market.
    Both Poehl, 57, and Stoltenberg, 59, have been under
extraordinary pressures lately.
    Poehl has had to switch to the hard line promoted by his
deputy, Helmut Schlesinger, jacking up interest rates to fight
inflationary fears and abandoning the pragmatic policies he had
pursued so far this year to promote currency stability.
    In recent statements Poehl has sounded more like
Schlesinger. For years the softly-spoken economist has been
warning in speech after speech that excessive money supply
growth would eventually lead to rising prices.
    Schlesinger now has a majority of support in the Bundesbank
council, and since late summer Poehl has had to represent his
views, bankers said.
    "Poehl is in a minority in his own house," said Commerzbank's
Pfister.
    "Poehl is in a dilemma. He must follow a policy that is not
entirely his own," said another economist.
    The dilemma is that if German interest rates rise too far,
they will attract funds into the country, pushing up the mark
and hurting West German exporters.
    The dollar has now shed some seven pfennigs since the
Bundesbank's new tack became clear in early October.
    Since last Thursday, United States Treasury Secretary James
Baker has criticized the Bundesbank rate increases.
    Bankers said this could foreshadow a revival of the 1986
war of words between the U.S. And West Germany, in which U.S.
Officials talked down the dollar to force West Germany to
stimulate its economy and thus suck in more U.S. Exports.
    One way West Germany agreed to do this was making a round
of tax cuts worth 39 billion marks from 1990.
    But financing these tax cuts has proved more difficult for
Stoltenberg than he had bargained for.
    The cool, unflappable northerner, who was regularly voted
most popular government politician last year, had to face
resistance from local barons in the government coalition
parties and from trade unions to his planned subsidy cuts.
    The withholding tax was intended to plug one gap by raising
4.3 billion marks.
    But it has caused an outcry among bankers, who say it will
push up borrowing costs. The extra amount this costs the
government could wipe out the revenue the tax brings in.
    Meanwhile Stoltenberg is dealing with a local political row
which has turned into the country's worst political scandal.
    Stoltenberg had to leave monetary talks in Washington last
month early to sort out a row in the northern state of
Schleswig-Holstein, where he heads the ruling CDU party.
    The state's CDU premier, Uwe Barschel, had to resign after
allegations of a "dirty tricks" election campaign led to heavy
losses for the CDU in state elections.
    Barschel was found dead in a hotel bath in Geneva last
weekend. Police say the death appears to have been suicide.
    Cooperation between Poehl and Stoltenberg is all the more
remarkable as Poehl is in the opposition Social Democrats, and
was appointed by former chancellor Helmut Schmidt.
    When Poehl's contract came up for renewal earlier this
year, Chancellor Helmut Kohl's CDU-led coalition government
gave Poehl another eight-year term.
    Werner Chrobok, managing partner at Bethmann Bank, said he
hoped the two men would soon be of one opinion again.
    But when Poehl criticized Stoltenberg's tax plans he was
not only voicing what many bankers felt but demonstrating the
Bundesbank's independence of government, Chrobok said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21510>
Venezuelan Central Bank President Hernan
Anzola has submitted his resignation and asked President Jaime
Lusinchi to transfer him to a post in the oil industry, two
leading Venezuelan newspapers reported.
    The El Universal and El Nacional papers said Anzola would
leave his position soon. Lusinchi already has decided on his
successor, the El Nacional reported.
    Central Bank officials were not available for comment.

    Banking sources said Anzola differed with the Finance
Ministry over economic policy, particularly over the direction
of interest rates. He favoured raising the rates, which are
currently well below the annual inflation rate of 33.2 pct.
    But the sources said he ran into opposition from Finance
Ministry and government officials who thought an interest
increase would fuel inflation.

 REUTER
</BODY>
