<BODY DOCID=14854>
China's industrial output rose 14.1 pct
in the first quarter of 1987 against the same 1986 period, the
People's Daily said.
    Its overseas edition said the growth rate, which compares
with a target of seven pct for the whole of 1987, was "rather
high" but the base in the first quarter of 1986 was on the low
side. Industrial output grew 4.4 pct in the first quarter of
1986.
    It said China's industrial production this year has been
normal but product quality and efficiency need further
improvement. It gave no further details.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16142>
Swedish industrial production rose
2.6 pct in February, after a 1.8 pct fall in January, showing a
4.4 pct rise over February 1986 and reaching its highest level
ever, the Central Bureau of Statistics said.
    The rise reflected recovery in almost all sectors after an
exceptionally cold spell in January, the Bureau said, adding
that the highest rises were seen in the forest, chemical and
metal industries.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16843>
French industrial production rose a
seasonally adjusted three pct in February after an unrevised
1.98 pct fall in January, the National Statistics Institute
(INSEE) said.
    The figure, which excludes construction and public works,
put the February index, base 1980, at 102 after 99 in January.
    INSEE changed its base year to 1980 from 1970 last month.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16853>
The Bank of France said in its latest
monthly report on the French economy it expected a pickup in
industrial production registered in March to gather steam over
the next few months.
    Without giving figures, the report said last month's rise,
partly linked to efforts to catch up with production lost
earlier this year through industrial action, was due mainly to
a firming of domestic demand.
    "New progress is expected in all main sectors except capital
goods where production will remain at its present level," the
report added.
    The upbeat report comes in the wake of grim March trade
balance figures which showed a deficit in industrial trade for
the first time since June 1982.
    While the automobile industry remained unchanged from
previously boosted levels, consumer goods production grew and
was expected to accelerate except in the area of domestic
appliances. Semi-finished goods showed a clear increase in all
sectors. Construction and civil engineering, boosted by a rise
in public works, also improved, while retail trade sales in all
sectors continued to slow.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16897>
Soviet industrial output in the first
quarter of this year grew by 2.5 pct compared with the first
three months of 1986, Tass news agency reported.
    A regular meeting of the Politburo heard that in March,
industry achieved the average daily rate needed to fulfil
annual targets.
    Quarterly plans were exceeded in the fuel and power sector
and agriculture, where output grew by 8.7 pct compared with the
same period last year, it said. Plans were not fulfilled by the
engineering and building ministries, the chemical and timber
sectors, rail transport and light industry, it added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17897>
Belgian industrial production, excluding
construction and adjusted for seasonal and calendar influences,
was provisionally 0.6 pct lower in February than a year
earlier, the National Statistics Office said.
    Output in February was, however, 5.9 pct higher than in
January.
    A spokeswoman for the office said the production index,
base 1980, rose to a provisional 108.8 in February from a
provisional 102.7 in January, slightly revised from the 102.8
originally estimated. In February last year the index stood at
109.5.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19077>
Dutch seasonally adjusted industrial
production fell by 6.4 pct in April compared with the previous
month, and was 5.5 pct down on the same period last year,
figures from the official Statistics Bureau CBS show.
    The April index, base 1980, stood at 103. In March,
industrial production rose by 2.8 pct from February.
    The unadjusted April index figure fell 14 pct from March to
104, compared with a 10 pct rise in March over February.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21368>
The Soviet Union outlined its economic
targets for 1988 on Monday, stressing the need to improve
standards in the country's sluggish engineering industry.
    Planning chief Nikolai Talyzin told the Supreme Soviet
industrial output should rise by 4.5 pct in 1988, up from a
planned 4.4 pct in 1987. It rose 3.6 pct in Jan-Sept 1987.
    Talyzin said national income, the nearest Soviet equivalent
to gross national product, should rise by 4.3 pct against a
planned 4.1 pct this year. Gross national product measures the
output of a country's goods and services.
    He said the Kremlin planned to produce 235 mln tonnes of
grain in 1988 versus a planned 232 mln this year. Moscow
produced 210 mln tonnes in 1986.
    Kremlin leader Mikhail Gorbachev has described
machine-builing as a sector whose rapid modernization is
essential if the Soviet Union is to compete effectively on
world markets.
    "Certain difficulties have arisen this year in the
machine-building industry. The economy is not receiving a
considerable amount of the equipment that it requires," said
Talyzin, who heads the state planning committee GOSPLAN.
    Soviet data show the machine-building industry, which makes
machine tools, instruments and other engineering goods,
increased output by 3.3 pct in the first nine months of 1987
compared with the same period last year.
    However, this was far below the 7.3 pct increase planned
for the industry for the whole of 1988.
    Talyzin said the ruling Politburo had concluded at a recent
meeting that an improvement in economic performance depended to
a large extent on conserving resources better. "Large-scale
measures are planned to save resources," he said.
    Finance Minister Boris Gostev told the Supreme Soviet that
defense spending in 1988 would total 32 billion dlrs, the same
figure as was announced last year.
    Western governments view official Soviet estimates for
defense spending as highly understated, but say the real figure
is hard to calculate because Soviet military industries are
intertwined with the civilian economy.
    Talyzin said the Kremlin also decided to increase spending
next year on medical services, education, pensions and social
insurance schemes.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21423>
Soviet Planning chief Nikolai Talyzin told
the Supreme Soviet (parliament) industrial output is planned to
rise by 4.5 pct in 1988, up from a planned 4.4 pct in 1987.
    In the first nine months of this year, industrial output
rose by 3.6 pct.
    Talyzin said national income, the nearest Soviet equivalent
to gross national product, is planned to rise by 4.3 pct
against a planned 4.1 pct this year.
    He said grain production is planned at 235 mln tonnes in
1988, compared with a planned 232 mln this year.
    The Soviet Union produced 210 mln tonnes of grain in 1986
and the Soviet press has said heavy rain has affected the
harvest this year.
    Talyzin said the 1988 Soviet plan stressed the engineering
industry, which Kremlin leader Mikhail Gorbachev has described
as a sector where rapid modernisation is essential if the
Soviet Union is to compete effectively on world markets.
    "Certain difficulties have arisen this year in the
machine-building industry. The economy is not receiving a
considerable amount of the equipment that it requires," said
Talyzin, who heads the state planning committee Gosplan.
    Soviet data show the machine-building industry, which makes
machine tools, instruments and other engineering goods,
increased output by 3.3 pct in the first nine months of this
year against the same period of 1986. This is well below the
7.3 pct rise planned for the industry for all of 1988.
    Talyzin said the ruling Politburo concluded at a recent
meeting that an improvement in economic performance depended to
a large extent on conserving resources better. "Large-scale
measures are planned to save resources," he said.
    Finance Minister Boris Gustev told the Supreme Soviet
defence spending in 1988 would total 20.2 billion roubles, the
same as announced last year.
    Talyzin said the Kremlin also had decided to increase
spending next year on medical services, education, pensions and
social insurance schemes
    He said state expenditures in these fields would reach 171
billion roubles in 1988, or 3.5 billion roubles more than had
originally been envisaged in the 1986-1990 Five-Year Plan.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21575>
The Soviet Union's industrial output is
growing at a slower pace in 1987 than in 1986 and foreign trade
has fallen, Central Statistical Office figures show.
    Figures in the Communist Party newspaper Pravda show
industrial production rose 3.6 pct in the first nine months of
1987 against 5.2 pct in the same 1986 period.
    Foreign trade in the same period fell 3.6 pct from the 1986
period as exports fell by 0.5 pct and imports dropped by 4.2
pct.
    Foreign trade in the nine months totalled 94.2 billion
roubles. Separate import and export figures were not given.
    One factor affecting industrial growth was the introduction
of a new quality control plan, Western economists said. Last
year's calculations of industrial output included all goods,
irrespective of quality.
    Under the new plan, introduced in line with Soviet leader
Mikhail Gorbachev's drive to modernise the economy, special
inspectors have the right to reject goods they consider below
standard.
    Pravda said 42 mln roubles worth of defective goods were
rejected in the nine-month period.
    The figures also showed that on October 1, there were more
than 8,000 cooperative enterprises employing over 80,000
people. More than 200,000 were employed in the private sector,
Pravda said, without giving comparative figures.
    The promotion of the cooperative and private sectors of the
economy has been an important part of the modernisation
campaign, with measures introduced recently to allow the
setting up of small shops on a private basis.
    Labour productivity rose 3.7 pct in the first nine months
against 4.8 pct growth in January to September 1986.
    But western economists said they treat Soviet productivity
figures with caution, as they are more broadly based than in
the West, which measures worker output over a given period.
    Pravda said there were 283.8 mln people in the Soviet Union
as of October 1. In the January to September 1987 period 118.5
mln people were employed, a rise of 4.4 pct on the same period
last year. Average earnings were 200 roubles a month against
194 roubles a year ago.
 REUTER
</BODY>
