<BODY DOCID=15313>
Canada plans to monitor steel shipments
flowing in and out of the country in an attempt to appease
concerns in the U.S. over the high level of Canadian steel
exports, Trade Minister Pat Carney said.
    "To help maintain our open access to the U.S. steel market,
the government is taking further action to ensure we have more
accurate data on exports and imports and that Canada is not
used as a backdoor to the U.S. market by offshore suppliers,"
Carney said.
    Carney also said Canadian companies were being asked to
exercise prudence in the U.S. market and both countries were
considering establishing a joint commission to study the
growing steel problem.
    Carney told the House of Commons she will soon announce an
amendment to the Exports and Imports Permits Act to set up the
monitoring program.
    Canadian steel shipments to the U.S. have risen to 5.7 pct
cent of the U.S. market in recent months, almost double the
level just two years ago, Canadian trade officials said.
    The increase in Canadian shipments comes at a time of
growing anger in the U.S. over rising steel imports from
several countries in the face of a decline in the domestic
steel industry.
    Some U.S. lawmakers have proposed Canada's share of the
American market be limited to 2.4 pct.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15623>
(The Canam Manac Group Inc) said its
Canam Steel Works unit received a contract valued at 8.5 mln
dlrs to supply steel trusses to (Canron Inc) for a new car
plant in Ingersoll, Ontario.
    Canam Manac said it will produce the trusses at its Quebec
and Ontario plants and delivery will be completed by August.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15639>
Steel stocks, which have had a healthy
runup recently, still present some short term investment
opportunities, according to some steel analysts.
    But others say the upturn, based on strong orders and firm
prices this spring, has been strictly seasonal and will end
soon. They recommend taking profits.
    "It's that time of year. This is strictly seasonal," said
Charles Bradford of Merrill Lynch and Co. "Orders will be
strong for about two months, and there are signs that some
(order rates) are starting to dive already."
    But Dean Witter Reynolds Inc analyst Clarence Morrison sees
some short-term potential in the group, which includes USX Corp
&lt;X>, Bethlehem Steel Corp &lt;BS>, Armco Inc &lt;AS> and Inland Steel
Industries Inc &lt;IAD>.
    "There is still some attractiveness to steels over the
short- to intermediate-term based on improved order rates and
rising prices," Morrison said. He only recommends one stock,
however, Inland, which is modernizing steelmaking operations to
make them more efficient.
    Despite his bearishness, Merrill's Bradford continues to
recommend Armco, which he sees as a major turnaround.
    Armco's steelmaking operations are profitable, the balance
sheet has been improved, and its oilfield equipment business
has been slimmed and put in a joint venture with USX, Bradford
noted. "It's not a high-quality investment situation yet but
they've come a long way," he said.
    "We think the stock will do moderately better than the
market," he said. Armco shares, trading off 1/4 at 10 today,
could go to 12, and possibly as high as 15, he said.
    Bradford sees Armco earning 50 to 75 cts a share in 1987,
before special gains from recouped investment tax credits,
against losses last year.
    Armco's 1988 earnings could be significantly higher, he
said.
    Bradford is recommending sale of USX shares. "We had a buy
on it below 20 but when it gets to 28, let somebody else have
it," he said.
    The steel and energy concern will earn about one dlr a
share in 1987, about half of that coming from asset sales, and
from two dlrs to 2.50 dlrs in 1988, Bradford said. "But a lot
depends on oil prices," he added. About 60 pct of USX's sales
come from oil and natural gas.
    Other analysts, including Michelle Galanter Applebaum of
Salomon Brothers Inc, recommend USX. "The company's done a lot
(of restructuring), more than the market's given them credit
for," she said.
    She sees the stock going to the mid 30s or higher. USX was
trading up 1/8 at 28-1/2. She predicts USX will earn 18 cts a
share this year and 2.73 dlrs next year against large losses in
1986.
    Applebaum, who is also positive on Armco and Inland, has
been recommending the stocks since last November.
    Peter Marcus of Painewebber Inc is neutral on the group
although he said the earnings outlook is improved through the
third quarter.
    But he sees potential trouble beyond then. "I think (steel)
prices on a bookings basis will start to drop by the summer,"
he said.
    Applebaum of Salomon Brothers also sees some seasonal
dropoff later in the year. "But there are more positives than
negatives," she said, citing reduced capacity in the domestic
industry, better prices, and a weaker dollar, which should
cause steel imports to drop off slightly from last year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16122>
China's largest sulphur-iron mine has
started trial production at Yunfu in the southern province of
Guangdong, the China Daily said.
    It said the mine has an annual output capacity of three mln
tonnes of sulphur-iron ore, which can be used without
processing because of its high quality.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16706>
Slater Industries Inc said it planned a
15 mln dlr modernization of its Slater Steels Corp Fort Wayne
specialty bar division in Indiana.
    It said the modernization would involve replacement of the
existing bar mill with a high-speed, quick-change continuous
mill. The new facility will lower labor and mill costs and
enhance product quality and range, Slater said.
    Completion date of the new mill was undisclosed.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17674>
A new steel quota system that would
strictly limit European Community (EC) support to the industry
could be forced on producers if they fail to find their own
solution quickly, officials said.
    EC industry ministers meeting here considered two key
proposals aimed at cutting back surplus capacity by 30 mln
tonnes by 1990.
    The first would limit the current quota system, which has
protected EC output for seven years, only to flat products and
heavy sections, thereby forcing other types of steel products
into free market competition.
    The second proposal would link continuation of a quota
system with progress toward plant closures, although less than
a month ago the EC steelmakers' lobby group Eurofer said they
had abandoned efforts to close plants voluntarily.
    The ministers stopped short of imposing their own solution
immediately, instead urging steel producers to try again to
reach agreement on voluntary cutbacks.
    The EC Commission has said it will come up with detailed
proposals in July on the future of the EC steel industry and EC
industry ministers meet again in September to reach a final
decision.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17829>
LTV Corp's LTV Steel Corp said it
agreed to resume negotiations with the United Steelworkers of
America at the local plant levels, to discuss those provisions
of its proposal that require local implementation.
    The local steelworker union narrowly rejected a tentative
agreement with the company on May 14, it said.
    LTV also said it agreed to reopen its offer contained in
the tentative agreement reached with the union's negotiating
committee as part of a plan to resolve problems through local
discussions.
               
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18254>
USX Corp's USS division said it was
raising prices for all hot rolled bar and semi-finished
products 1100 series grades by 10 dlrs per ton effective July
One, 1987.
    The company said the increase reflects current market
conditions.
    The company could not say what percentage the increase
reflects from current prices, nor could it say how much per ton
the products sell for currently.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18752>
Two major steel companies said they
were studying a price increase announced yesterday by USX
Corp's USS steelmaking division.
    Spokesman for Armco Inc &lt;AS> and Bethlehem Steel Corp &lt;BS>
said the proposed price hike was under study.
    Yesterday, USS said it plans to raise base prices on plate
products by 20 dlrs a ton, or about five pct, effective with
shipments October 4.
    A spokesman for LTV Steel Co, a unit of LTV Corp &lt;QLTV>,
declined comment, adding that the company does not make heavy
plate and makes few other plate products.
    A spokesman for &lt;National Steel Corp>, a joint venture of
National Intergroup Inc &lt;NII> and Nippon Kokan K.K., said the
company is not in the product lines affected.
    Reached later, an Inland Steel Industries Inc &lt;IAD>
spokesman said the company was studying the pricing move.
    USX said the increase will be on all plate products,
including carbon, high-strength low-alloy, strip mill and alloy
plates. It also said it planned 20-dlr-a-ton increases on some
special plate widths and thicknesses.
    Analysts have said firm prices for steel should contribute
to better results at the nation's major steelmakers.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18768>
Two major steel companies said they
were studying a price increase announced yesterday by USX
Corp's USS steelmaking division.
    Spokesman for Armco Inc and Bethlehem Steel Corp said the
proposed price hike was under study.
    Yesterday, USS said it plans to raise base prices on plate
products by 20 dlrs a short ton, or about five pct, effective
with shipments October 4.
    A spokesman for LTV Steel Co, a unit of LTV Corp, declined
comment, adding that the company does not make heavy plate and
makes few other plate products.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18951>
USX Corp said its USS division has
available a comprehensive sheet steel selection and pricing
system detailing the company's full line of products.
    The company said it was the first complete update in 25
years.
    The new prices in the book are effective after Oct One,
1987, the company said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20341>
Bethlehem Steel Corp said prices
for steel sheet products will be increased up to 30 dlrs a ton
effective January 3.
    The increases will affect certain non-contract or spot
transactions and will be achieved through reductions in
competitive discounts.
    The company said transaction prices for contract accounts,
which have a duration of six months or more, will also be
increased to commensurate levels.
    Percentage increases were not immediately available.
    Prices for flat-rolled steel sheet, used in automobiles,
appliances and other products, vary widely between about 350
and 800 dlrs a ton.
    The company said it was taking the actions to restore sheet
transaction prices to more equitable levels. In many cases,
prices are still lower than those attained in 1984, it said.
    Bethlehem also said that in response to changing market
conditions and potential inflationary pressures, efforts will
be made to mininize the number and the duration of firm price
contracts.
 Reuter
</BODY>
