<BODY DOCID=14867>
The number of workers employed in
the West German industrial sector stagnated in the last quarter
of 1986 as a 50,000 increase in overall employment benefited
only the services branch, the DIW economic institute said.
    A DIW report added the general downturn in the economy
since last Autumn had had a negative effect on the willingness
of firms to take on workers. It referred to a marked downturn
in the number of workers taken on in the capital goods sector.
    New orders for manufacturing industry goods have mostly
fallen or stagnated in recent months, but data for February
finally showed a reversal of the trend, with a 1.9 pct rise.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14974>
Swedish unemployment was steady at 2.2
pct of the workforce in March compared with the previous month,
the Central Bureau of Statistics said.
    In March 1986, the figure stood at 2.4 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15045>
Dutch seasonally adjusted unemployment
rose in the month to end-March to a total 693,000 from 690,600
at end-February, but was well down from 730,100 at end-March
1986, Social Affairs Ministry figures show.
    The figure for male jobless rose by 2,000 in the month to
436,500 compared with 470,700 a year earlier. The figure for
women was 256,500 at end-March against 256,100 a month earlier
and 259,400 at end-March 1986.
    On an unadjusted basis total unemployment fell by 16,500 in
the month to end-March to 692,200. In March 1986 the figure was
725,000.
    A ministry spokesman said the unadjusted figures showed a
smaller than usual seasonal decrease for the time of year,
because of particularly cold weather delaying work in the
building industry. He said this explained the increase in the
adjusted statistics.
    Total vacancies available rose by 1,900 to 26,300 at
end-March. A year earlier the figure was 28,763.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15365>
Australia's seasonally adjusted
unemployment rate rose to 8.4 pct of the estimated workforce in
March from 8.2 pct in February and 7.9 pct a year earlier, the
Statistics Bureau said.
    The number of jobless rose to 650,700 from 631,900 in
February and 593,200 a year earlier, the Bureau said.
    Unadjusted, the number of unemployed rose to 702,600 from
699,600 in February but the rate eased to 9.0 pct from 9.1,
reflecting a slight increase in the estimated workforce. In
March 1986, 640,400 persons, or 8.5 pct of the workforce, were
out of work.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15485>
New applications for unemployment
insurance benefits fell to a seasonally adjusted 338,000 in the
week ended March 28 from 355,000 in the prior week, the Labor
Department said.
    The number of people actually receiving benefits under
regular state programs totaled 2,436,000 in the week ended
March 21, the latest period for which that figure was
available.
    That was down from 2,480,000 the previous week.
     
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16100>
Spain's registered unemployment fell by
10,465 people to 2.97 mln or 21.4 pct of the workforce in
March, Labour Ministry figures show.
    Registered unemployment in February was 2.98 mln people, or
21.5 pct of the workforce.
    The figures were nonetheless higher than those for March
1986 -- 2.8 mln people and 21 pct of the workforce.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16158>
The five leading West German economic
research institutes have failed to agree about how strongly the
domestic economy will expand this year but revised down
forecasts contained in a report published six months ago.
    The three research groups of Kiel, Hamburg and Essen
predicted in the institutes' joint spring report that gross
national product (GNP) would rise by two pct in 1987, compared
with 2.4 pct in 1986. The five institutes had jointly forecast
three pct 1987 growth in October last year.
    Taking a dissenting view, the DIW institute of West Berlin
and Munich's Ifo institute predicted only one pct 1987 growth.
    The joint report said that the estimates of economic
development made by the DIW and Ifo were "markedly less
favourable" than those of the other three.
    The DIW and Ifo forecast the economy would pick up after a
slow start to the year. "In the second half of 1987 there will,
however, only be a weak upward movement," they said.
    The two institutes said external economic factors which
were currently damaging exports and pushing up imports would
dominate the economic environment throughout the year. They saw
exports falling by a real 2-1/2 pct in 1987 and predicted no
marked improvement in the course of the year.
    The other three institutes, however, wrote: "The decline in
demand and production (seen) in the winter months does not
indicate the beginning of a cyclical downswing."
    They said the sharp rise of the mark had led to corporate
uncertainty and companies had not carried out investment plans.
But they expected that many investments had not been cancelled
but only put off. "It can be presumed that the braking actions
(on the economy) will diminish markedly this year."
    They added: "The domestic prerequisites for a continuation
of the economic uptrend are still favourable."
    These three institutes said diminishing external burdens
combined with favourable domestic conditions meant an upturn in
demand and production could be expected by the spring.
    However, this projection was clouded by risks including the
further development of the mark against the dollar.
    Contrary to the DIW and Ifo, the three institutes said that
while exports would continue to be the weak point of the
economy in 1987, "there is good reason to believe that exports
will soon bottom out and that a slight rise will emerge during
the course of the year." They predicted an overall 0.5 pct fall
in exports in 1987, the same as in 1986.
    The three more positive institutes saw private consumption
rising by four pct in 1987, compared with 4.2 pct in 1986,
while DIW and Ifo predicted a three pct increase.
    They saw the climate for equipment investment improving but
predicted only a rise of four pct in 1987 against 4.6 pct in
1986. Ifo and DIW saw these investments rising by only two pct.
    All the institutes predicted only a slight decline in
unemployment. The Kiel, Hamburg and Essen institutes said the
jobless total would average 2.17 mln in 1987 compared with 2.23
mln in 1986 and predicted a rise in the number of people in
work of about 200,000.
    These three institutes said new jobs would be created
mainly in the private services sector and also by the state in
the context of job creation measures. The construction industry
was likely to engage new workers for the first time since 1980
but they predicted either no rise in employment in the
manufactured goods industry or only a slight expansion.
    The DIW and Ifo said rises in employment would occur only
in the tertiary sector, while "the number employed in the
manufacturing industry will decline."
    The DIW and Ifo said unemployment would only decline to
2.20 mln in 1987 from 2.23 mln in 1986.
    They saw the current account surplus falling in 1987 to 58
billion marks from 78 billion in 1986. The other three saw a
current account surplus in 1987 of at least 60 billion marks
and predicted that the trade surplus would fall to only around
100 billion marks from 112 billion in 1986.
    The institutes agreed that consumer prices would start to
rise in 1987, after they declined in 1986, and all five
predicted an average increase over the year of 0.5 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17633>
Unemployment in Portugal held steady at
9.6 pct in the first quarter of 1987 after the same rate in the
last quarter of 1986, the National Statistics Institute said.
    This compared with 11.1 pct unemployment in the first
quarter of 1986.
    The total number of registered unemployed in the first
quarter of this year was 437,500.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18539>
U.K. Unemployment fell a record
provisional, seasonally-adjusted 64,300 in May to a total 2.95
mln or 10.6 pct of the workforce, the Employment Department
said.
    In April, seasonally-adjusted unemployment fell by an
upwardly revised 21,600 to 3.02 mln or 10.9 pct, it said.
    The unadjusted jobless total in May, including school
leavers, alos fell a record 121,000 to 2.99 mln or 10.8 pct
from April's 3.11 mln, 11.2 pct.
    May was the eleventh successive decline from a peak last
summer of 11.6 pct, the Employment Department said.
    "Unemployment has fallen to under three mln for the first
time in over three years. The May fall of 64,000 was the
largest drop since records were first kept (in 1948),"
Employment Minister Norman Fowler said.
    All regions have seen above average falls in long term
unemployment during the past year, he added.
    The last time the adjusted total of unemployed was below
three mln was July 1984, while the unadjusted total was last
below this level in June 1983.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18616>
New applications for unemployment
insurance benefits rose to a seasonally adjusted 340,000 in the
week ended June 6 from 310,000 in the prior week, the Labor
Department said.
    The number of people actually receiving benefits under
regular state programs totaled 2,359,000 in the week ended May
30, the latest period for which that figure was available.
    That was up from 2,255,000 the previous week.
     
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18672>
Today's U.K. Economic data have pushed
the chances of another base lending rate cut from the current
nine pct further into the distance, analysts said.
    A record fall in unemployment and good manufacturing
production data showed that the economy is still strong and
does not need a fillip from lower rates.
    News that underlying earnings are rising 7.75 pct annually,
taken together with higher than expected bank lending and money
supply growth, revived inflation worries and monetarist
arguments against easier credit, they said.
    "The timetable on lower interest rates is being pushed back
all the while. The strength of the economy and broad money
growth are making it more difficult to see one in the near
term," said Chase Manhattan Securities economist Robin Marshall.
    Analysts have reached this conclusion despite yesterday's
mortgage rate cuts for new borrowers, which building societies
said were a sign of the expected near term trend for U.K.
Rates.
    It also counters the optimistic forecasts of last week that
a post-general election cut was imminent, supported by such
optimistic economic news as May's record reserves rise which
mirrored the Bank of England efforts to cap sterling's
strength.
    The gilt market lost nearly half a point as enthusiasm
about May's 64,300 fall in the seasonally adjusted unemployment
rate, to 2.95 mln or 10.6 pct of the workforce, was rapidly
replaced by dismay at the continued high level of underlying
average earnings in April, dealers said.
    The upset was compounded by news that sterling bank lending
rose 2.7 billion stg in May, above forecast, and that the Bank
of England looks likely to have to sell more gilts to offset
the impact on domestic money supply of its current
intervention.
    "The gilt market reaction was correct," said Bill Martin,
chief U.K. Economist at brokers Phillips and Drew.
    "That's very important ... It shows the economy in a very
good state indeed," Skeoch said.
    "There's no reason to get worries about inflationary
pressures because they're very subdued." Unit wage cost rises
were better than expected, just one pct higher in the year to
April, and it was these costs rather than average earnings
which were potentially inflationary, he added.
    "I don't think these average earnings numbers are a major
problem," agreed Chase Manhattan's Marshall.
    But he said the gilts market was likely to remain worried
about the funding implications of recent intervention.
    He said the inflow of foreign money into sterling assets
earlier this year, attracted by growth prospects and hopes that
the ruling Conservatives would win last week's election, now
looks likely to prevent a base rate cut as the authorities try
to prevent these funds swelling the domestic money system.
    However, David Owen, U.K. Economist at Kleinwort Grieveson
Securities, said any fresh sterling strength would still
trigger a base rate cut and that today's figures did not signal
higher inflation this year.
    "Wage increases are being offset by productivity growth. As
long as that continues we're okay," he added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18987>
France's growth rate is expected to
strengthen in the second half of this year after a poor first
half, but unemployment will worsen, the Organisation for
Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) said.
    In its semi-annual review of the world economy, the OECD
forecast that growth in the French Gross Domestic Product (GDP)
would run at about two pct in the next six months. It said the
rate would be in line with the 1986 trends, but significantly
higher than in the first half of this year.
    The OECD said France's economic situation has deteriorated
somewhat during the early months of 1987. 
    Activity has slowed, primarily reflecting an inventory
adjustment, while unemployment has risen rapidly and inflation
has reaccelerated, the OECD said. Unemployment is likely to
reach 12 pct of the workforce by the end of 1988.
    The report said inflation should slow and domestic demand
pick up in the second half of this year. But both data are
likely to be worse than those recorded in 1986, it added.
    The OECD forecast a 2.75 pct rise in consumer prices for
the second half of this year, a one pct drop from the first six
months. The slowdown would bring the inflation rate to 3.25 pct
for the whole year, sharply up from last year's 2.2 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18990>
Italy's economic outlook for 1987 and 1988
is likely to be less favourable than last year with slightly
lower growth, higher unemployment and an increased trade
deficit, the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and
Development (OECD) said.
    But the OECD, in its half-yearly report, forecast a
slightly lower inflation rate over the next two years. Last
year Italy ranked as one of the OECD's fastest growing
economies with Gross Domestic Product (GDP) growth at 2.7 pct.
    The OECD said Italy's GDP may grow by three pct in 1987,
but will then fall back to 2.5 pct in 1988.
    The inflation rate will probably stabilise at around five
pct during the projection period as a result of a turnaround in
import prices, particularly oil, an acceleration in labour
costs and the effects of domestic demand pressure, the report
said.
    This year, and to a lesser degree in 1988, domestic demand
should be stimulated by buoyant growth in household consumption
made possible by wage increases following pay negotiations.
    Domestic demand pressure, coupled with the deterioration in
Italian competitiveness, is likely to stimulate imports and
adversely affect exports in 1987 and 1988. This could result in
a sharp negative contribution to the currrent account.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18993>
Economic growth will remain sluggish in
the Netherlands and Belgium next year and unemployment may
rise, the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development
forecast.
    Belgium's GDP growth may slow down to 1.5 pct this year and
next year, bringing a rise in the number of jobless, the OECD
said in its semi-annual survey. Belgian inflation could
stabilise at 1.5 to 2.0 pct, while the current account surplus
will probably remain large at about three pct of GDP.
    While the Belgian government has made progress in trimming
its borrowing requirement, "it will probably be insufficient to
check the self-sustaining nature of the deficit," the OECD said.
    In the Netherlands real GDP growth will also slip to 1.5
pct this year and one pct in 1988, with Dutch exports becoming
less competitive and imports rising. "Employment is forecast to
decelerate as well, reflecting more sluggish growth in the
private sector and budgetary cuts," the report said.
    Dutch consumer prices are set to fall by 0.5 pct in 1987
and stay stable in 1988, partly as a result of declining
domestic gas prices.
    Luxembourg's economy, by contrast, will see slightly faster
growth in GDP this year as a result of an upward movement in
wages. But real growth in consumption will ease next year.
REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18996>
The United States should take urgent
action to cut its crippling budget deficit, including possible
reductions in non-defense spending, higher taxes and curbs on
growth of the defense budget, the Organization for Economic
Cooperation and Development said.
    The OECD, in its semi-annual review of the world economy,
said a failure of the Reagan Administration and Congress
quickly to agree on measures to cut the deficit "could seriously
affect confidence, both in the United States and elsewhere."
    It predicted that the federal deficit in fiscal 1987,
running until September 30 this year, would substantially
overshoot both the Balanced Budget Act's target of 144 billion
dlrs and official U.S. Estimates in February of 175 billion.
    "The OECD projection, which is based on assumptions of
slower growth, higher interest rates and actual data for the
first half of the financial year, is for a deficit of about 190
billion dollars," it said.
    While this would be 30 billion lower than last year's
deficit, much of the improvement would be due to corporate tax
increases being introduced before income tax cuts take effect.
    The U.S. Economic growth rate is expected to edge up to
2.75 pct next year from 2.5 pct this year and last.
    In contrast to the last two years, more competitive exports
boosted by the fall in the dollar should help GNP growth.
    Unemployment should continue to fall slowly as the service
sector continues to create jobs. But inflation appears to be
heading higher, partly due to the lower dollar, with consumer
prices forecast to rise four pct this year and 4.5 pct next
year after just 2.1 pct in 1986.
    "Monetary and fiscal policy appear to be the key factors
behind the avoidance of recession," the report said.
    The current account balance of payments deficit is expected
to be still around a high 125 billion dlrs next year, after
hitting a projected record 147.25 billion this year, it said.
    In Canada economic growth is expected to pick up slightly
to around 2.75 pct in 1988 from 2.5 pct this year, but will
still be below levels seen in recent years. Inflation is
expected to slow to 3.5 pct next year from 3.75 pct this year,
unemployment should edge down to nine pct in 1988 from 9.25 pct
this year.
    Canada's current account deficit is projected to shrink to
around four billion U.S. Dlrs this year and to remain at about
that level in 1988.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19000>
Prospects for world economic growth remain
very sluggish, and coordinated action by western governments is
urgently needed to restore business confidence, stabilize
currencies and encourage investment, the Organization for
Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) said here.
    "The economic situation has deteriorated in recent months,
and ... Slow growth, high unemployment and large payments
imbalances are likely to persist," it said in one of its
gloomiest reviews of the world economy in recent years.
    The gross national product (GNP) of the 24-nation bloc of
western industrialised countries is forecast to grow by only
2.25 pct both this year and next, even slower than last year's
2.5 pct growth rate.
    "We would like to see the aggregate for the OECD area
comfortably exceeding three pct," David Henderson, head of the
OECD's economics and statistics department, said.
    The OECD said that the dollar fall had led to rising
inflation expectations and higher interest rates in the U.S.,
Combining with world trade imbalances and the huge third world
debt problem to increase the risks of a world economic
downturn.
    "At the same time, many of the conditions for faster growth
remain favorable," it said, citing low inflation in most major
countries, healthy corporate finances, generally lower interest
rates, improvements in state budget positions and more flexible
labor markets.
    But private sector confidence had been undermined by
uncertainties over exchange rates, it said, and warned that "for
confidence to be restored, it is important for governments
swiftly to implement internationally-agreed commitments."
    This was a clear reference to last February's Louvre accord
of the Group of Five nations plus Canada, analysts said.
    The OECD said that apparent disagreements among major
countries on implementation of the Louvre accord had helped to
undermine business confidence, and called on more active fiscal
policies from the U.S., West Germany and Japan to slow demand
in the U.S. And raise it in the other two countries.
    Henderson said the 6,000 billion yen package announced
recently by the Japanese government to encourage public works
and cut taxes would make a significant contribution to this
process, though it was too early to estimate its precise
impact.
    He said the measures will help strengthen Japan's domestic
demand significantly, quite possibly exceeding one pct of GNP.
    The inflation outlook, while broadly satisfactory, has
worsened in recent months, with OECD consumer prices forecast
to rise 3.5 pct this year and 3.75 pct in 1988 after a 2.8 pct
increase in 1986.
    There is no prospect for any significant improvement in the
unemployment situation over the next 18 months, with the
average rate expected to stabilize at 8.25 pct, similar to last
year.
    The OECD called for efforts to liberalize world
agricultural markets through switching farm subsidies away from
price guarantees and other measures linked to production
towards direct income support for farmers.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19986>
Japan's seasonally adjusted unemployment
rate rose to a record 3.2 pct in May, the worst level since the
government started compiling unemployment statistics in 1953,
the government's Management and Coodination Agency said.
    The May rate surpassed the previous record of 3.0 pct
marked set in January and April this year. It was also up
sharply from 2.7 pct a year earlier.
    Unadjusted May unemployment totalled 1.91 mln people, up
from 1.90 mln in April and 1.62 mln a year earlier.
    An agency official blamed industrial restructuring and the
strong yen for the rise in unemployment.
    The seasonally adjusted male unemployment rate in May rose
to a record 3.2 pct, surpassing the previous record 3.0 pct set
in July 1986. This compares with 2.9 pct in April and 2.7 pct a
year earlie. Unadjusted male unemployment totalled 1.12 mln, up
180,000 from a year earlier.
    The female unemployment rate in May was unchanged from
April at a record 3.1 pct. A year ago, the rate was 2.8 pct.
Unadjusted female unemployment rose 100,000 to 790,000.
    The yen's appreciation continued to affect employment in
manufacturing industries and the total employed in May fell
210,000 or 1.5 pct from a year earlier to 14.10 mln.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21525>
Malaysia's recovery from the worst
recession in 20 years should receive a boost on Friday when the
government announces a reflationary budget for calendar 1988
after seven years of austerity, economists said.
    "Our country is walking on one leg now," said Ismail Salleh,
an economist with the Institute of Strategic and International
Studies. "It has to depend on public sector investment for
faster growth if the private sector is not moving."
    Gross domestic product grew one pct in 1986 after shrinking
one pct in 1985. The fiscal year ends December 31.
    The government has said it expects 1987 growth to be under
two pct but some analysts believe it will be nearer three pct
because prices for commodity exports have risen sharply.
Malaysia is a leading exporter of rubber, palm oil, tin and
semiconductors and a major producer of cocoa, timber and oil.
    The government slashed development spending to 9.8 billion
ringgit this year from 14.5 billion in 1986.
    Economists said unemployment is expected to exceed 10 pct
in 1988 against about 9.5 pct this year.
    Local investment also has stagnated, with businessmen
blaming inconsistent economic policies and lack of incentives.
    One businessman said too many politicians give the
impression that Malaysia was unstable.
    "If we can take care of investment confidence, the potential
to recover strongly is great," a banker said.
    Malaysia's 1987 current account is expected to be in the
black with the Central Bank projecting a 500 mln ringgit
surplus compared with last year's 1.2 billion ringgit deficit.
    The government has said its fiscal policies will balance
the budget by 1989. The deficit in 1986 was 952 mln ringgit.
    The government will also repay some of its external debt,
which stood at 51 billion ringgit at the end of 1986.
    Political leaders have said the budget will not hurt
ordinary people as taxes on basic food and other essential
goods are unlikely to change.
    Businessmen said they hope the government also will cut the
corporate tax, now between 45 and 48 pct, to enable Malaysia to
compete for investors with neighbouring states.
 REUTER
</BODY>
