<BODY DOCID=15290>
All steers imported into the United
States from Mexico must now be branded with the letter M on the
right jaw, the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    In its World Production and Trade Report, the department
said the branding is necessary to improve surveillance for
bovine tuberculosis because it provides a permanent way to
identify Mexican steers.
    The requirement is not expected to affect the number of
Mexican steers imported into the United States and the brand
will be applied before the animals arrive at U.S. ports of
entry.
    Last November, the Mexican Government authorized an export
quota of nearly 1.1 mln head of live cattle for the 1986/87
season (Aug-July), most of which goes to the United States.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20620>
West Virginia has been declared free
of tuberculosis and brucellosis from its cattle population, the
U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    It said a state is recognized as tuberculosis-free if no
case of the disease is diagnosed for at least five years and if
the state complies with the uniform methods and rules of the
state-federal cooperative eradication program.
    To achieve brucellosis-free status, a state's cattle
population must remain uninfected for the previous 12 months.
    There are 33 states, plus the U.S. Virgin Islands,
classified as free of bovine tuberculosis and 24 states, plus
Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, which have eradicated
brucellosis. Only 20 states and the U.S. Virgin islands have
eradicated both diseases, it noted.
 Reuter
</BODY>
