<BODY DOCID=14863>
Finland's national oil company Neste Oy
&lt;NEOY.HE> said in a statement it had agreed with Canadian firms
to study the feasibility of building a plant in Edmonton,
Canada, to produce a replacement for lead in petrol.
    The prospective plant would cost an estimated 270 mln
Canadian dlrs and would produce methyl tertiary butyl ether
(MTBE) from raw materials available locally, it said.
    The partners in the study are Neste Oy, Celanese Canada
Inc, Hoechst Celanese Corporation and Trade Mountain Pipe Line
Company Ltd, of Vancouver, B.C.
    The Edmonton site was suitable because of the raw materials
availability, the proximity to pipeline transportation and the
important capital and operating advantages gained by locating
on an existing Celanese Canada site, the statement said.
    The partners would look into the feasibility of a plant
producing 500,000 tonnes per annum of MTBE, an octane enhancer
that can replace tetra ethyl lead.
    Most of the MTBE would be targeted for the United States
where lead levels in gasoline are being lowered because of
health concerns, the statement added.
    Canadian lead limits are currently 11 times as high as the
U.S. Limit but lead is scheduled for virtual elimination in
Canada by 1993, which should create a Canadian demand for MTBE,
it said.
    Finland's Neste Oy, whose turnover last year was over five
billion dlrs, has extensive experience with MTBE. It has a
major investment in an MTBE plant in Saudi Arabia.
    The Edmonton, Alberta plant would be scheduled to go on
stream in late 1989, the statement said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15556>
Lead prices have risen this week against
a background of a finely balanced physical sector, traders
said.
    Further gains are possible if the USSR steps up its buying
or if labour problems develop in North America, they added.
    London Metal Exchange (LME) prices are unusually buoyant at
a time of year when seasonal demand is normally slackening and
prices tending to drift lower.
    This buoyancy is generally attributed by traders to the low
level of LME stocks and steady, if unspectacular, physical
demand in the Northern Hemisphere finding supplies curtailed.
    The supply problems are not new but are beginning to be
felt by a market in which, as peak winter demand tails off,
stocks usually build fast and availability increases, traders
said.
    The lower supply levels result from a number of different
factors around the globe.
    Delayed shipments from Peru to Mediterranean countries
because of production and transport problems, lack of Spanish
exports since the closure last year of Cia La Cruz's smelter at
Linares and lower output in Morocco and Greece have all meant
additional demand being directed to merchants who in turn have
been drawing on LME stocks.
    In addition Broken Hill Associated Smelters' Port Pirie,
South Australia, smelter is halting production for five weeks
for maintenance. Although the company said it would meet
commitments, this will put further pressure on stocks.
    And the U.S. Company Doe Run has kept its 140,000 tonnes
per year Boss, Montana smelter closed. This cut producer stocks
and contributed to a closer supply/demand balance within the
U.S. Market, for many years depressed by surplus production and
a regular supplier to the world market.
    Mexican supplies, which have sometimes swelled LME stocks,
have been normal but are finding ready buyers, traders said.
    On the demand side, winter battery manufacture has held up
quite well and some U.S. Buying of lead sheet has been reported
in the U.K. Soviet lead buying, notably absent in Europe in the
first two months of the year, was resumed when a large buying
order was filled by merchants in March.
    Merchant demand has fuelled the rise in LME lead prices
this week and has seen cash metal move above 320 stg and
establish a premium of around 10 stg over three months
delivery. Specific demand has been directed towards metal in
Gothenburg and Trieste warehouses. Gothenburg material is often
a target for merchants shipping to the USSR, traders said.
    On stocks, the popular LME Continental warehouses, Antwerp
and Rotterdam, have little more than 3,000 tonnes of lead each,
and this is believed to be in strong hands.
    Out of a total 22,125 tonnes in LME stocks, the lowest
level since June 1980, just over half is in U.K. Warehouses
which are not popular with merchants putting together
shipments.
    But even U.K. Stocks have dropped around 6,000 tonnes since
the start of the year. Traders said this is partly due to
secondary smelters buying ingots to supplement feed supplies
affected by environmental controls, which put restrictions on
the transport of used batteries.
    Labour negotiations in North America will play an important
part in determining the direction of prices, with contracts
expiring end-April at Cominco's Trail and Kimberley, B.C.,
Mine/smelter and at Doe Run's Herculaneum, Mo, smelter.
    Noranda's New Brunswick mine/smelter also has a contract
expiry in July which may cause some nervousness in view of
strikes by its zinc and copper workers over recent months.
    Traders said LME three months delivery, already attracting
speculative buying, could rise to 320/330 stg on current
firmness, while nearby tightness could widen the cash premium
to 20 from four. Three months was quoted at 313 stg at
midsession.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15563>
Asarco Inc said it is increasing its
base spot sales price for refined lead by one-half cent to
26.50 cents a lb, FOB, delivered in carload lots, effective
immediately.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15767>
Doe Run Company said it is
increasing the price of its corroding grade lead by one-half
cent to 26.50 cents a lb, effective immediately.
    The price is quoted FOB, Herculaneum, Mo., and FOB, Boss,
Mo., with freight allowed for carload quantities.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16289>
Asarco Inc said it is increasing its
base spot sales price for refined lead by one-half cent to 27.0
cents a lb, FOB, delivered in carload lots, effective
immediately.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17480>
Three United Steelworkers
of America locals on strike at Cominco Ltd rejected a tentative
three-year contract, a union representative said.
    "The vote was 1,229, or 54.5 pct, against, and 1,028, or
45.5 pct, for the contract. Eighty-one pct of the membership
voted," he said.
    The union representative said that the pact offered cost of
living increases designed to keep pace with inflation, but
contained no wage increase.
    The locals' bargaining committees are expected to meet and
prepare for the reopening of negotiations with Cominco, he
said.
    The three locals cover about 2,600 production and
maintenance workers at Cominco's Trail smelter and Kimberley,
B.C. lead-zinc mine.
    Output at both sites has been shut down since the
production and maintenance workers, along with about 600 office
and technical workers, went on strike May 9.
    The two Steelworkers locals representing the office and
technical workers have not negotiated since May 21.
    The strike caused Cominco to declare force majeure, which
means the company may not be able to honor contracts for
products from the smelter and mine.
    Each of the five locals have separate contracts, all of
which expired April 30, but the main issues are similar.
    The union had requested a three pct wage increase in each
year of a two-year contract. Cominco had pressed for a
three-year contract and some loosening of the rules on job
classifications.
    The Trail smelter, about 400 miles east of Vancouver,
produced 240,000 long tons of zinc and 110,000 long tons of
lead last year. The Sullivan mine at Kimberley, about 450 miles
east of Vancouver, produced 2.2 mln long tons of ore last year,
most for processing at the Trail smelter.
    The smelter also produced cadmium, bismuth and indium.
    Revenues from the Trail smelter totalled 356 mln Canadian
dlrs in 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17486>
Three United
Steelworkers of America locals on strike at Cominco Ltd
rejected a tentative three-year contract, a union
representative said.
     "The vote was 1,229, or 54.5 pct, against, and 1,028, or
45.5 pct, for the contract. Eighty-one pct of the membership
voted," he said.
     The union representative said that the pact offered cost
of living increases designed to keep pace with inflation, but
contained no wage increase.       
    The locals' bargaining committees are expected to meet and
prepare for the reopening of negotiations with Cominco, he
said.
     The three locals cover about 2,600 production and
maintenance workers at Cominco's Trail smelter and Kimberley,
B.C. lead-zinc mine.
     Output at both sites has been shut down since the
production and maintenance workers, along with about 600 office
and technical workers, went on strike May nine.     
     The two Steelworkers locals representing the office and
technical workers have not negotiated since May 21.
     The strike caused Cominco to declare force majeire, which
means the company may not be able to honor contracts for
products from the smelter and mine.
    Each of the five locals have separate contracts, all of
which expired April 30, but the main issues are similar.       

     The union had requested a three pct wage increase in each
year of a two-year contract. Cominco had pressed for a
three-year contract and some loosening of the rules on job
classifications.
     The Trail smelter, about 400 miles east of Vancouver,
produced 240,000 long tons of zinc and 110,000 long tons of
lead last year. The Sullivan mine at Kimberley, about 450 miles
east of Vancouver, produced 2.2 mln long tons of ore last year,
most for processing at the Trail smelter.
     The smelter also produced cadmium, bismuth and indium.
     Revenues from the Trail smelter totalled 356 mln Canadian
dlrs in 1986.        
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17783>
Cominco Ltd said it
expects to meet today with two of five United Steelworkers of
America locals on strike at its Trail smelter and Kimberley,
B.C. lead-zinc mine, a Cominco spokesman said.
    It had no meeting scheduled with the other three striking
locals, which rejected a tentative three-year contract
Saturday, Cominco spokesman Richard Fish said.
    Fish said the pact that was rejected contained a cost of
living increase tied to the Canadian consumer price index, but
no wage increase. With 81 pct of the membership voting, 54.5
pct voted no and 45.5 pct voted yes, the union said.
    The three locals represent about 2,600 production and
maintenance workers, while the remaining two locals cover about
600 office and technical workers.
    The office and technical workers last negotiated May 21.
Production at Trail and Kimberley has been shut down since the
strike began May 9 and Cominco has had to declare force
majeure, which means the company may be unable to honor
contracts for products from the smelter and mine.
    Each of the five locals have separate contracts, all of
which expired April 30, but the main issues are similar.
    The Trail smelter, about 400 miles east of Vancouver,
produced 240,000 long tons of zinc and 110,000 long tons of
lead last year. The Sullivan mine at Kimberley, about 450 miles
east of Vancouver, produced 2.2 mln long tons of ore last year,
most for processing at the Trail smelter.
    The smelter also produced cadmium, bismuth and indium.
    Trail smelter revenue was 356 mln Canadian dlrs in 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17805>
Cominco Ltd said it
expects to meet today with two of five United Steelworkers of
America locals on strike at its Trail smelter and Kimberley,
B.C. lead-zinc mine, a Cominco spokesman said.
    It had no meeting scheduled with the other three striking
locals, which rejected a tentative three-year contract
Saturday, Cominco spokesman Richard Fish said.
    Fish said the pact that was rejected contained a cost of
living increase tied to the Canadian consumer price index, but
no wage increase. With 81 pct of the membership voting, 54.5
pct voted no and 45.5 pct voted yes, the union said.
    The three locals represent about 2,600 production and
maintenance workers, while the remaining two locals cover about
600 office and technical workers.
    The office and technical workers last negotiated May 21.
Production at Trail and Kimberley has been shut down since the
strike began May 9 and Cominco has had to declare force
majeure, which means the company may be unable to honor
contracts for products from the smelter and mine.
    Each of the five locals have separate contracts, all of
which expired April 30, but the main issues are similar.
    The Trail smelter, about 400 miles east of Vancouver,
produced 240,000 long tons of zinc and 110,000 long tons of
lead last year. The Sullivan mine at Kimberley, about 450 miles
east of Vancouver, produced 2.2 mln long tons of ore last year,
most for processing at the Trail smelter.
    The smelter also produced cadmium, bismuth and indium.
    Trail smelter revenue was 356 mln Canadian dlrs in 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18337>
Cominco Ltd said it set
tentative talks with three striking union locals that rejected
on Saturday a three-year contract offer at Cominco's Trail and
Kimberley, British Columbia lead-zinc operations.
    The locals, part of United Steelworkers of America,
represent 2,600 production and maintenance workers. No date has
been set for the talks, the spokesman replied to a query.
    The spokesman said talks were still ongoing with the two
other striking locals, representing 600 office and technical
workers. Production at Trail and Kimberley has been shut down
since the strike started May 9.
    Each of the five locals has a separate contract that
expired April 30, but the main issues are similar.
    The Trail smelter produced 240,000 long tons of zinc and
110,000 long tons of lead last year, while the Sullivan mine at
Kimberley produced 2.2 mln long tons of ore last year, most for
processing at Trail.
    Revenues from Trail's smelter totaled 356 mln Canadian dlrs
in 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18571>
The 37,635 deadweight tonnes bulk carrier
Cumberlande, which sank in the South Pacific last Friday, was
carrying a cargo which included lead as well as magnesium ore,
a Lloyds Shipping Intelligence spokesman said.
    He was unable to confirm the tonnages involved.
    Trade reports circulating the London Metal Exchange said
the vessel, en route to New Orleans from Newcastle, New South
Wales, had been carrying 10,000 tonnes of lead concentrates.
Traders said this pushed lead prices higher in early morning
trading as the market is currently sensitive to any fundamental
news due to its finely balanced supply/demand position and low
stocks.
    Trade sources said that 10,000 tonnes of lead concentrates
could convert to around 5,000 tonnes of metal, although this
depended on the quality of the concentrates.
    A loss of this size could cause a gap in the supply
pipeline, particularly in North America, they noted. Supplies
there have been very tight this year and there is a strike at
one major producer, Cominco, and labour talks currently being
held at another, Noranda subsidiary Brunswick Mining and
Smelting Ltd.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19431>
Noranda Inc said 1,100 unionized workers
at its 63 pct-owned Brunswick Mining and Smelter Corp lead-zinc
mine in New Brunswick would start voting Monday on a tentative
contract pact.
    Company official Andre Fortier said "We are hopeful that we
can settle without any kind of work interruption."
    Fortier added that Brunswick's estimated 500 unionized
smelter workers were currently meeting about a Noranda contract
proposal and would probably vote next week. The mine's contract
expires July 1 and the smelter's on July 21.
    The Brunswick mine produced 413,800 tonnes of zinc and
206,000 tonnes of lead last year at a recovery rate of 70.5 pct
zinc and 55.6 pct lead. Concentrates produced were 238,000
tonnes of zinc and 81,000 tonnes of lead.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19477>
Cominco Ltd said no
talks were scheduled with striking workers at its Trail smelter
and Kimberley, British Columbia lead-zinc mine.
    A company spokesman said the company and union met
informally Tuesday but talks did not constitute a formal
bargaining session. The last formal talks were on June 5.
    The workers went on strike May 9 and production has been
shut down since then.
    The Trail smelter produced 240,000 long tons of zinc and
110,000 long tons of lead last year. The Sullivan mine at
Kimberley produced 2.2 mln long tons of ore in 1986, most for
processing at the Trail smelter.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19764>
U.S. Minerals Exploration Co said it and
Pegasus Gold Inc &lt;PGUL.O> of Spokane, Wash, officially
commissioned a new gold, zinc and lead producing mine.
    U.S. Minerals said the new Montana Tunnels Mine near
Helena, Mont, is expected to reach full production in August
1987. U.S. Minerals said the mine is designed to operate at an
average of 12,500 tons or ore per day and is projected to
produce 95,000 ounces of gold in 1988, plus significant
quantities of silver, lead and zinc.
    U.S. Minerals said it has a 50 pct net profit royalty
interest in the mine after payback of development costs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
