<BODY DOCID=14858>
Japan's Agriculture Ministry, angered by
U.S. Demands that Japan open its farm products market, will
tell U.S. Officials at talks later this month that
liberalisation would harm existing U.S. Farm exports to Japan,
a senior ministry official said.
    "Imports from the U.S. Would drop due to active sales drives
by other suppliers," the official, who declined to be named,
said. "Japan is the largest customer for U.S. Farm products and
it is not reasonable for the U.S. To demand Japan liberalise
its farm import market," he said.
    Agriculture Minister Mutsuki Kato has said if the U.S.
Insists Japan open its protected rice market it will also open
its wheat market, where volume and origin are regulated to
protect local farmers.
    Australia and Canada could then increase their wheat
exports as they are more competitive than the U.S., He said.
End-users would also buy other origins, grain traders said.
    U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng, who is due to
visit Japan for talks between April 16-27, has said he will ask
Japan to offer a share of its rice market to U.S. Suppliers and
remove quotas on U.S. Beef and citrus imports.
    Other countries are already cutting into the U.S. Market
share here. Australia, the largest beef supplier to Japan, has
been trying to boost exports prior to the expiry of a four-year
beef accord next March 31.
    Imports of U.S. Corn have fallen due to increased sales
from China and South America, while Japanese soybean imports
from Brazil are expected to rise sharply this year, although
the U.S. Will remain the largest supplier.
    U.S. Feedgrain sales will also drop if Japan opens up its
beef imports, since Japan depends almost entirely on feedgrain
imports, mainly from the U.S., Japanese officials said.
    An indication of the U.S. Position came last December when
Under Secretary of Agriculture Daniel Amstutz said Japan has
the potential to provide one of the largest boosts to U.S.
Agricultural exports, with the beef market alone representing
some one billion dlrs in new business.
    The U.S. Has also asked the General Agreement on Tariffs
and Trade to investigate the legality of Japanese import
controls on 12 other farm products, including fruit juices,
purees and pulp, tomato juice, ketchup and sauce, peanuts,
prepared beef products and miscellaneous beans.
    To help calm heated trade relations with the U.S., Japan's
top business group Keidanren has urged the government to remove
residual import restrictions on agricultural products.
    But Agriculture Minister Kato has ruled out any emotional
reaction, and the senior ministry official said the farm issue
should not become a scapegoat for trade pressure in the
industrial sector.
    "Japan is the largest buyer of U.S. Farm products, and these
issues should not be discussed on the same table," the official
said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15237>
The U.S. Agriculture Department is
preparing a proposal that would require all foreign meat
products to be inspected at their point of arrival in the
United States, a USDA official said.
    Donald Houston, administrator of USDA's Food Safety and
Inspection Service, FSIS, told a House Agriculture subcommittee
USDA was developing a proposed change in regulations that would
put an end to the current practice of permitting foreign meat
products to be unloaded at one port and inspected at another
port.
    Houston said the requirement would be phased in over
several years to "avoid disruptions and economic hardship."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15254>
The U.S. meat and poultry inspection
programs are incapable of protecting consumers from
contaminated products, groups representing inspectors and
consumers charged.
    "The whole trend of inspection for the last 10 years has
been to corrupt and to degrade the system where today the
public is at constant risk to contaminated and adulterated
meat," Kenneth Blaylock, president of the American Federation of
Government Employees, told a House Agriculture subcommittee.
    "The American consumer has little reason to feel confident
about the safety of meat and poultry being offered to him
today," said Rodney Leonard, executive director of the Community
Nutrition Institute.
    "Company management is less concerned about the risk to
health than about raising plant output and company profits,"
Leonard told a hearing of the House Agriculture Subcommittee on
Livestock, Dairy and Poultry.
    Kenneth Morrison, staff associate at the Government
Accountability Project, said inspectors consistently disclose
violations of federal law, demonstrating a "serious breakdown in
the entire inspection system."
    Morrison told of chicken fat for flavoring being
contaminated by "intestines dragging in a water trough used to
flush away the condemned product, fecal material, human spit,
chewing gum and paper towels used by plant employees to blow
their noses."
    Donald Houston, administrator of the U.S. Agriculture
Department's Food Safety and Inspection Service, FSIS, defended
the government's program, calling it "one of the most respected
public health programs in the world."
    FSIS inspects an estimated 127 mln head of cattle and 4.5
billion chicken and turkeys every year.
    Houston said inspection programs have kept pace with
change, but conceded that the danger of chemical residues in
the meat and poultry supply has increased.
    He also said that, although he was confident the bacterium
salmonella eventually could be eradicated, it would take time
and much money to contain the growing problem.
    Salmonella, which in extreme cases can cause death, is
found in approximately 37 pct of U.S. broilers, 12 pct of raw
pork and three to five pct of raw beef, Houston said.
    The number of reported cases has doubled over the past 20
years, he said, to 40,000 cases annually.
    "We certainly really have not found an effective means of
turning this disease around," said Rep. James Olin (D-Va.)
    The National Research Council recommended in 1985 that FSIS
intensify efforts to develop rapid diagnostic procedures for
detecting microoganisms.
    But the meat and poultry industries have said such controls
would cost too much.
    "Hopefully we will not overreact by installing unnecessarily
complicated procedures that may become obstacles to the real
goal of providing an increasingly safer, more nutritious and
economical meat supply for consumers," Stanley Emerling,
executive vice president of the National Association of Meat
Purveyors, said.
    Blaylock, speaking on behalf of food inspectors, said a new
program allowing elimination of USDA inspection functions at
certain plants "voids the law in letter and spirit, and must be
repealed or we will see rising consumer fraud and an epidemic
of death and illness for which there will be no prevention nor
legal recourse."
    Subcommittee Chairman Charles Stenholm (D-Tex.) said the
panel would hold a hearing on salmonella June 2.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15290>
All steers imported into the United
States from Mexico must now be branded with the letter M on the
right jaw, the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    In its World Production and Trade Report, the department
said the branding is necessary to improve surveillance for
bovine tuberculosis because it provides a permanent way to
identify Mexican steers.
    The requirement is not expected to affect the number of
Mexican steers imported into the United States and the brand
will be applied before the animals arrive at U.S. ports of
entry.
    Last November, the Mexican Government authorized an export
quota of nearly 1.1 mln head of live cattle for the 1986/87
season (Aug-July), most of which goes to the United States.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15504>
ABOUT 3,314 HEAD OF CATTLE WERE
AUCTIONED IN LINIERS CATTLE MARKET, AGAINST 13,952 ON WEDNESDAY
AND 9,217 LAST THURSDAY, TRADE SOURCES SAID.
    MAXIMUN PRICES, IN AUSTRALES PER KILO, WITH DOLLAR
EQUIVALENT IN BRACKETS, INCLUDED:
                               TODAY     WEDNESDAY
    STEERS OVER 480 KILOS   1.02(0.658) 1.015(0.654)
    STEERS 460 TO 480 KILOS 1.05(0.677) 1.032(0.665)
    COWS FOR CANNING        0.56(0.361) 0.56 (0.361) REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15532>
Chicago Mercantile Exchange floor
traders and commission house representatives are guesstimating
today's hog slaughter at about 287,000 to 295,000 head versus
292,000 week ago and 322,000 a year ago.
    Cattle slaughter is guesstimated at about 124,000 to
128,000 head versus 129,000 week ago and 134,000 a year ago.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15642>
Demand good for moderate
supplies of most beef cuts, However, limited interest noted for
tenderloins/flank steaks. Yield grade 2-3 beef cuts, fabricated
items, vacuum packed.
                          LBS    CHOICE
 ROUND CUTS -steady/up 11.00                 
 160 round, part bnls     50-85  few 137
 161 round, bnls          42-80  few 147
 161 diamond cut          49-85  few 149
 167 knuckle               8-15  few 148
 167a knuckle, peeled      8-15  few 163
 168 top inside round     14-26  165-175
 170 bottom gooseneck rnd 18-33  131-135
 More
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15798>
Zimbabwe's beef exports to the European
Community (EC), potentially worth 70 mln Zimbabwean dlrs this
year, may be jeopardised by an outbreak of foot and mouth
disease in southwestern Matabeleland, industry sources said.
    The country has temporarily suspended beef exports to the
EC because of the outbreak and awaits a decision from the EC
veterinary committee, which is considering a formal ban.
    The outbreak in the country's main ranching province has
already led neighbouring beef-producing Botswana and Zambia to
bar beef and dairy imports from Zimbabwe, threatening the dairy
industry with a loss of at least one mln dlrs in export
revenue.
    "The situation is still uncertain at the moment. Normally
when an outbreak occurs there is an automatic suspension of
beef exports," one industry source said yesterday.
     Commenting on EC policy, he explained, "Depending on the
seriousness of the outbreak the (veterinary) committee then
decides on three options, allowing us to continue exporting
beef from disease-free areas, clamping a three-month suspension
on exports or banning us from exporting for a year. We are
still awaiting their decision," he added, asking not to be
identified.
    Zimbabwe was granted an export quota of 8,100 tonnes of
high-grade beef to EC markets in 1985 after the country had
spent millions of dollars erecting disease-control fences and
upgrading abattoirs to meet stringent EC rules.
    Should the EC ban Zimbabwean exports, the country will be
forced to sell its beef on glutted world beef markets at low
prices, the source said. Projected earnings from beef sales
could fall about 23 mln dlrs as a result, he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15949>
The Commodity Credit Corporation
(CCC) has transferred 12.0 mln dlrs in credit guarantees
previously earmarked for sales of U.S. hatching eggs and 7.0
mln dlrs in guarantees for breeder livestock to increase
coverage on sales of U.S. protein concentrates to Iraq, the
U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    The action was taken at the request of Iraq's State Trade
Organization for Grains and Foodstuffs and reduces the line for
hatching eggs to zero and the line for breeder livestock from
15.0 mln dlrs to 8.0 mln dlrs, the department said.
    The guarantee line for sales of protein concentrates has
been increased from 25.0 mln dlrs to 44.0 mln dlrs, it said.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16009>
Commodities from gold to grains to
cotton posted solid gains in a flurry of buying today as losses
in the U.S. dollar and rising interest rates kindled fears of
inflation and economic instability.
    Gains were most pronounced on the Commodity Exchange in New
York, where gold jumped 12.40 dlrs and closed at 436.50 dlrs a
troy ounce, and silver 22.5 cents to 6.86 dlrs a troy ounce.
    A key factor behind the advance was anticipation that
inflation will be the only way for the major industrial nations
to halt the slide in the value of the U.S. dollar, said Steve
Chronowitz, director of commodity research with Smith Barney,
Harris Upham and Co., in New York.
    The dollar tumbled one day after top finance officials from
the seven largest industrial nations reaffirmed their
commitment to support its value, and despite reports of
intervention by the U.S. Federal Reserve Bank, traders said.
    Traders said it appears that the industrial nations, known
as the Group of Seven, lack the ability to change the long-term
direction of the currency markets.
    "Maybe they have some ideas or plans," said Chronowitz. "If
they do, it's not evident."
    "It looks like there's no cure but to let the free market
take values to where they should be.
    "One way or another, we will force our major trading
partners to stimulate their economies," as a measure to correct
the mounting U.S. trade deficit, Chronowitz said.
    "I think the markets believe, and have believed for a long
time, that the only recourse is to reflate at some point. It's
going to be a long and tedious process, but that's what's
happening," he said.
    The falling value of the dollar makes U.S. commodities
cheaper for foreign buyers, stimulating demand.
    At the same time, traders who are holding stocks and bonds
saw the value of their investments falling and many are turning
to commodities such as precious metals as a hedge, said Marty
McNeill, a metals analyst in New York with the trading house of
Dominick and Dominick.
    The reaction in the metal markets reverberated throughout
the commodities markets, as grains, livestock, and cotton
posted broad gains.
    Traders at the Chicago Board of Trade said attention in the
grain markets has shifted from concern about burdensome
supplies to the outlook that a lower dollar will stimulate
export demand.
    After the close of trading, the Agriculture Department
raised its estimate for grain imports by the Soviet Union by
two mln tonnes from the month-earlier report.
    Live hogs and frozen pork bellies posted sharp gains on the
Chicago Mercantile Exchange, while live cattle were moderately
higher.
    Analysts said several factors boosted hog prices. They said
hogs haven't been making the weight gains that are normal at
this time of year, and farmers have been too busy with field
work to market animals.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16236>
The U.S. Feeder Steer Price, or USFSP,
as posted by the CME is calculated by Cattle Fax and represents
the price used for cash settlement of the CME Feeder Cattle
contract.
    The USFSP is a seven-calendar-day average of feeder steer
prices from 27 states, based on auction and direct country
sales for feeder steers that weigh between 600 and 800 lbs and
are estimated to grade between 60 and 80 pct choice when fed to
slaughter weight.
    April 9         Previous quote
    70.03             69.87
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16255>
Chicago Mercantile Exchange floor
traders and commission house representatives are guesstimating
today's hog slaughter at about 280,000 to 300,000 head versus
294,000 week ago and 303,000 a year ago.
    Cattle slaughter is guesstimated at about 120,000 to
126,000 head versus 120,000 week ago and 124,000 a year ago.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16316>
The Commodity Credit Corporation
(CCC) has accepted a bid for an export bonus to cover the sale
of 2,750 head of dairy cattle to the Canary Islands, the U.S.
Agriculture Department said.
    The cattle are for delivery May, 1987-October, 1988, it
said.
    The bonus was 1,379.00 dlrs per head and was made to
Holstein-Friesian, Inc and will be paid in the form of
commodities from the CCC inventory.
    An additional 175 headed of dairy cattle for still
available to the Canary Islands under the Export Enhancement
Program initiative announced July 28, 1986, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16379>
Swift Independent Packing Co said it
agreed in principle to sell its Huron, South Dakota, pork plant
to Huron Dressed Beef, for undisclosed terms.
    Completion of the proposed transaction is subject to
Huron's ability to hire an experienced work force at
competitive rates, and receive government approval of the
purchase and operation of the plant, Swift said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16519>
Swift Independent Packing Co said it
agreed in principle to sell its Huron, South Dakota pork plant
to Huron Dressed Beef, for undisclosed terms.
    Completion of the proposed transaction is subject to
Huron's ability to hire an experienced work force at
competitive rates, and receive government approval of the
purchase and operation of the plant, Swift said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16564>
U.S. officials said they held out
little hope the European Community, EC, would withdraw a
controversial meat inspection requirement, due to go into
effect April 30 and which U.S. meat producers claim will cut
off their exports.
    But the officials said they expect the EC to allow U.S.
plants to continue shipping meat through the end of the year
provided they submit a plant improvement program with the U.S.
Agriculture Department.
    The EC's so-called Third Country Meat Directive will
require foreign meat processing plants to comply fully with EC
inspection standards beginning April 30.
    The U.S. meat industry has prepared a petition requesting
the Reagan administration to retaliate against the EC rule.
    At issue are U.S. meat exports to the EC valued at 132 mln
dlrs in 1985.
    The EC rule would require all U.S. plants to make changes
in their inspection methods, ranging from veterinary staffing
to use of wood.
    Last December, the EC determined that only one U.S. cattle,
one hog and one sheep slaughtering facility could be approved
without further review. USDA would have to certify that the
plants had corrected the deficiencies.
    All remaining plants with a history or potential of
shipping to the EC -- totaling nearly 400 -- would require more
significant changes in plant constructions or procedures before
further EC review.
    Robert Hibbert, general counsel for the American Meat
Institute, said the meat industry expected to submit a formal
trade retaliation petition by April 30.
    An interagency committee is reviewing the industry's draft
petition.
    An official at the U.S. Trade Representative's Office said
U.S. officials continued to press the EC to withdraw the rule,
but that "the chances of that are not too good at this time."
    However, there is the "expectation" in U.S. government and
meat industry circles that the EC will continue to allow
shipments, at least through the end of the calendar year, from
U.S. plants that submit to USDA a plan on how they will bring
their operations into conformity with the EC regulation, the
USTR official said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18482>
Japanese compound feed output rose 2.3 pct
to 25.80 mln tonnes in 1986/87 ended March 31 from 25.23 mln a
year earlier, the Agriculture Ministry said.
    The marginal rise reflected slight growth in demand for
poultry raising and a moderate increase in demand for beef
cattle raising, Ministry officials said.
    Compound feed sales totalled 26.01 mln tonnes in 1986/87
against 25.40 mln a year ago, while end-March stocks were
217,554 tonnes against 224,101.
    Corn use in feed output in 1986/87 rose to 11.71 mln tonnes
from 11.02 mln a year earlier due to low import prices.
    The officials said corn imports rose because the world
surplus and the yen's strength against the dollar reduced
Chicago prices. The corn compounding ratio rose to 45.2 pct in
1986/87 from 43.4 pct a year earlier.
    Sorghum use rose marginally to 4.80 mln tonnes in 1986/87
from 4.79 mln, but the compounding ratio fell to 18.5 pct from
18.9 pct because of greater corn use. Higher import prices due
to poor harvests last year in major producing nations such as
Argentina made feed makers reluctant to use sorghum.
    Soybean meal use fell to 2.58 mln tonnes from 2.63 mln and
the compounding ratio declined to 10.0 pct from 10.3 pct.
    The drop in soybean meal consumption resulted from
increased use of cheaper rapeseed meal, the officials said.
    Rapeseed consumption in 1986/87 was 563,889 tonnes against
528,152 a year earlier. The compounding ratio rose to 2.2 pct
from 2.1 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18676>
U.S. exporters will be able to sell
8,000 head of dairy cattle to Indonesia and 5,000 head to
Turkey under the Export Enhancement Program, the U.S.
Agriculture Department said.
    The export sales will be subsidized with commodities from
the inventory of the Commodity Credit Corporation (CCC), the
department said.
    Indonesia and Turkey already have purchased 7,500 and 5,000
head of dairy cattle, respectively, under the program.
    Details of the program and an invitation for offers from
exporters will be issued in the near future, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19269>
U.S. Agriculture Department
inspectors have refused entry to parts of two lots of
Australian beef because of pesticide residues, a spokeswoman
for the department said.
    She said USDA has notified Australia, which assured it that
stricter controls would be implemented.
    The Australian government had already imposed residue
controls and it is believed the meat with the presticide
residues was already in the pipeline before the controls were
put in place, the spokeswoman said.
    There have been five other cases of Australian meat which
had residue levels above U.S. allowable limits this year, she
said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19555>
Canada has threatened to stop imports
of Danish pigmeat from July 14 after Canadian veterinary
inspectors approved only two of 33 slaughterhouses, a Danish
agriculture ministry official told Reuters.
    The Canadians postponed the original July 1 deadline at the
request of the European Commission, which Denmark approached
for support.
    Danish Foreign Minister Uffe Ellemann-Jensen said in an
interview with the daily Berlingske Tidende: "Denmark will not
accept a ban on Danish meat exports, and I am sure we can reach
an understanding with the Canadians with the help of the EC."
    Danish pigmeat exports to Canada were worth 106 mln crowns
in 1986, while Canadian exports to the European Community
totalled about 6.5 billion U.S. Dlrs.
    Some Danish slaughterhouse officials expressed suspicion
that the Canadian action was in response to tightening up by EC
veterinary inspectors on Canadian food exports to the EC.
    But an official at the Canadian embassy in Copenhagen said
the inspection of Danish slaughterhouses was based on EC
regulations. "Canadian officials are very concerned about the
trade implications. We are holding active discussions with the
EC and bilaterally," she added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20462>
The United States is prepared to "pull out
all the stops" to defend its agricultural trade rights under the
General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT), U.S. Ambassador
to GATT Michael Samuels said.
    Those rights are now being challenged by the European
Community's (EC) agricultural support policies, he told a
conference sponsored by the American Soybean Association.
    He reiterated Washington's firm intention to retaliate if
the EC goes ahead and bans imports of hormone-fed beef without
the issue being investigated by a GATT special committee.
    The U.S. claims the EC directive, due to come into effect
on January 1, threatens to cut 100 mln dlrs worth of U.S. meat
shipments into the EC.
    The U.S. also will oppose all EC efforts to impair U.S.
trade via the EC oilseeds regime, which supports EC oilseed
prices over the current market level and which may be extended
to include a hotly disputed oils and fats tax, Samuels said.
    Reduction of trade-distorting world agricultural subsidies,
an aim of most key participants in GATT multilateral trade
negotiations, "is meaningless if import barriers continue to be
erected," Samuels said.
    Samuels called the U.S. plan to eliminate world farm
subsidies by the year 2000, proposed at GATT in July, "visionary"
and "very serious."  The EC and Japan have said it is
unrealistic.
    The EC Commission this month announced its draft proposal
on farm trade reform, expected to be tabled at GATT formally
next week.
    The EC scheme involves emergency measures to reduce
tensions in troubled surplus sectors of cereals and cereals
substitutes, dairy and sugar. It also calls for reduction of
farm subsidies.
    The U.S. Is not opposed to short-term measures, as long as
they are directly linked to long-term commitments to end major
trade distortions, Samuels said.
    Washington will review the EC proposal when it is formally
submitted and respond to it officially then.
    "We will consider its relation to the Punta del Este
declaration to correct trade problems and expand market access,"
the U.S. Ambassador said.
    The U.S. can say no to the EC proposal if the EC ignores
the U.S. plan when it tables its own proposal, he added.
    The key difference between the two approaches is that the
U.S. wants farm subsidies eliminated, while the EC is pushing
only for a reduction in farm suppports, Samuels said.
    If the EC farm budget were protected by a subsidy freeze,
there would be little incentive for the Community to work to
correct the international trade situation, he added.
    Samuels cited the animal hormones complaint, the EC
oilseeds regime and an EC regulation concerning meat imports to
third countries as three crucial barriers to trade which the
U.S. wants to see resolved under the auspices of GATT.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20511>
The European Community (EC) agreed a
trade deal with Argentina designed to compensate the country
following the entry of Spain and Portugal into the group, EC
officials said.
    Under the deal agreed by EC foreign ministers, Argentina
will gain additional trading rights on a series of products
including meat, fish and cereals by-products.
    But ministers failed to agree on new trade deals with
Canada and Japan and are due to study these again, the
officials said.
    The deal with Argentina was agreed by a majority of EC
states after West Germany withdrew objections to increased
quotas for Argentina on high-quality beef.
    Ireland and France continued to oppose the deal on meat,
saying that the main dispute was over sales of cereals
substitutes, but they were outvoted by the other states, the
officials said. Under the deal, Argentina will benefit from
improved quotas on exports of beef to the EC. In particular the
quota on high-quality Hilton beef will be raised by 4,500
tonnes to 34,300 tonnes and quotas on frozen boneless beef will
be increased by 3,000 tonnes to 53,000 tonnes.
    Argentina will also benefit from an additional quota of
5,000 tonnes of frozen hake fillets at 10 pct duty and reduced
levies on 550,000 tonnes of wheat bran, the officials said.
    The improved trade terms were offered after Argentina said
that Spain and Portugal's entry into the EC affected their
exports of cereals substitutes to these two countries. They
have been negotiated under the rules of GATT (General Agreement
on Tariffs and Trade).
    But officials said ministers had been unable to resolve
Canadian claims that its sales of certain fish to Spain had
been affected by the country's EC membership.
    Officials said the EC had asked GATT to arbitrate on the
fish dispute with Canada.
    Ministers also decided to continue talks with Japan. The EC
claims that Spain and Portugal's entry into the group has
improved trade conditions for Japan but has been unsatisfied
with Japanese offers of compensation.
    Japan's main offers were to improve inspection systems on
citrus fruits to aid EC exports, to improve tariffs for some
other farm produce, to increase tariffs for leather footwear
and to offer better trade terms for Spain and Portugal.
    EC External Trade Commissioner Willy De Clercq told
journalists: "We maintain our position that the (Japanese)
concessions were not enough."
    "We hope that there will be an improvement," he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20620>
West Virginia has been declared free
of tuberculosis and brucellosis from its cattle population, the
U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    It said a state is recognized as tuberculosis-free if no
case of the disease is diagnosed for at least five years and if
the state complies with the uniform methods and rules of the
state-federal cooperative eradication program.
    To achieve brucellosis-free status, a state's cattle
population must remain uninfected for the previous 12 months.
    There are 33 states, plus the U.S. Virgin Islands,
classified as free of bovine tuberculosis and 24 states, plus
Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, which have eradicated
brucellosis. Only 20 states and the U.S. Virgin islands have
eradicated both diseases, it noted.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21367>
An Iowa State University study showed
pork contains considerably less fat than indicated by
long-established U.S. Department of Agriculture statistics, the
National Pork Producers Council (NPPC) said.
    Six of the seven muscle cuts evaluated in the study
averaged 4.3 pct fat or less, well below American Heart
Association guidelines for recommended foods. Eighty pct of all
the raw boneless rib chops evaluated in the study contained
less than six pct fat, the NPPC said.
    Meanwhile, USDA Handbook 8-10 - long used as the
established authority on nutrient composition, indicates a fat
content for center loin pork of 7.3 pct, the NPPC said.
    Robin Kline, a dietitian and Director of Consumer Affairs
for the NPPC said he was not surprised at the wide discrepancy
between the study and the USDA handbook.
    "Handbook 8-10 is based to a certain extent on information
that has been accumulated over the past 30 years. The
statistics in it about pork do not reflect the hog of today
which is about 50 pct leaner than it was 20 or 30 years ago,
thanks to genetic improvements and better feeding practices,"
Kline said.
    The study, funded by NPPC with producer checkoff money,
evaluated pork carcasses from 47 Iowa producers in categories
from 0.7 to 1.3 inches of backfat. Researchers measured the fat
content of the seven muscles before cooking, and the fat,
moisture and tenderness of cooked boneless rib chops.
 Reuter
</BODY>
