<BODY DOCID=14840>
The Indonesian Commodity Exchange is
likely to start trading in at least one new commodity, and
possibly two, during calendar 1987, exchange chairman Paian
Nainggolan said.
    He told Reuters in a telephone interview that trading in
palm oil, sawn timber, pepper or tobacco was being considered.
    Trading in either crude palm oil (CPO) or refined palm oil
may also be introduced. But he said the question was still
being considered by Trade Minister Rachmat Saleh and no
decision on when to go ahead had been made.
    The fledgling exchange currently trades coffee and rubber
physicals on an open outcry system four days a week.
    "Several factors make us move cautiously," Nainggolan said.
"We want to move slowly and safely so that we do not make a
mistake and undermine confidence in the exchange."
    Physical rubber trading was launched in 1985, with coffee
added in January 1986. Rubber contracts are traded FOB, up to
five months forward. Robusta coffee grades four and five are
traded for prompt delivery and up to five months forward,
exchange officials said.
    The trade ministry and exchange board are considering the
introduction of futures trading later for rubber, but one
official said a feasibility study was needed first. No
decisions are likely until after Indonesia's elections on April
23, traders said.
    Trade Minister Saleh said on Monday that Indonesia, as the
world's second largest producer of natural rubber, should
expand its rubber marketing effort and he hoped development of
the exchange would help this.
    Nainggolan said that the exchange was trying to boost
overseas interest by building up contacts with end-users.
    He said teams had already been to South Korea and Taiwan to
encourage direct use of the exchange, while a delegation would
also visit Europe, Mexico and some Latin American states to
encourage participation.
    Officials say the infant exchange has made a good start
although trading in coffee has been disappointing.
    Transactions in rubber between the start of trading in
April 1985 and December 1986 totalled 9,595 tonnes, worth 6.9
mln dlrs FOB, plus 184.3 mln rupiah for rubber delivered
locally, the latest exchange report said.
     Trading in coffee in calendar 1986 amounted to only 1,905
tonnes in 381 lots, valued at 6.87 billion rupiah.
     Total membership of the exchange is now nine brokers and
44 traders.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17670>
A trade bill before the United States
House of Representatives "is a very dangerous bill for Canadian
industry," Canadian Forest Industry Council chairman Adam
Zimmerman told reporters.
    By changing the definition of subsidy under U.S.
countervailing duty law, House of Representatives Bill 3
removes protection for companies that take advantage of widely
used government programs, Zimmerman told a media briefing.
    "Clearly, any industry to which Canadian governments grant
rights to fish, mine, cut timber, or produce power could be
vulnerable to a finding of a subsidy under this language," he
said.
    The Canadian forest lobby's Zimmerman also said the House
of Representative Bill would adopt a new way of measuring
subsidies that would greatly increase the size of any
countervailing duties that might be imposed on Canadian
resource exports to the U.S.
    Under the bill, any difference between Canadian prices and
U.S. or world market prices would constitute a subsidy, he
said. Such a method would make Canadian resource industries
vulnerable to similar penalties like a 15 pct export tax
imposed last January on shipments of Canadian softwood lumber
to the U.S., Zimmerman added.
    Canadian negotiators agreed to levy the new tax if a U.S.
forest industry lobby would drop its request for a countervail
duty on imports of Canadian softwood lumber.
    "We represent the first victim of the move to price other
countries' natural resources according to the U.S. system,"
Zimmerman said.
    "If we're an example, than other resource industries had
better watch out," he added.
    Zimmerman said the Canadian Forest Industry Council plans
to discuss concerns about the U.S. trade bill with lobby groups
from other Canadian resource industries.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17686>
Canada's softwood lumber will become
unprofitable for some forest product producers if prices
decline to about 175 U.S. dlrs per thousand board feet of two
by four inch lumber from current levels of about 195 U.S. dlrs,
Canadian Forest Industry Council chairman Adam Zimmerman told
reporters.
    Zimmerman reiterated profitability has been hurt by a move
by Canadian negotiators to impose last January a 15 pct export
tax on softwood lumber shipped to the U.S. in exchange for a
U.S. lumbermen's lobby dropping its request for a countervail
duty.
    "I think that there has been a falling off in the market, so
I think there is a moderate slow down in the price now,"
Zimmerman said at a media briefing.
    Zimmerman said the adverse impact from lower U.S. lumber
product prices would be felt by lumber mills in eastern Canada
first, migrating westward.
    "The country has swallowed a time bomb and it will go off
when times get tough," Zimmerman said.
    He also said the federal government should maintain the
existing 15 pct export tax and not allow provinces to offset
the tax with increased provincial fees for cutting lumber.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18281>
The Commodity Credit Corporation (CCC)
has amended its Export Credit Guarantee Program line to Haiti
to add one mln dlrs in guarantees for sales of U.S. wood
products, the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    The action increases the value of export credit guarantees
for wood products to Haiti from 1.8 to 2.8  mln dlrs and the
total value of export credit guarantees authorized to Haiti for
the current fiscal year for all commodities to 12.0 mln dlrs,
the department said.
    All sales must be registered and exports completed by Sept
30, 1987, it noted.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19371>
The World Bank said it has loaned
Uganda 13 mln dlrs through the International Development
Association (IDA), the bank's concessionary lending affiliate.
    The IDA loan will support a project that hopes to preserve
the country's natural forests and meet its demand for wood
products by rehabilitating Uganda's forestry management agency,
the bank said.
    It also said the project plans to increase the area and
management of protected forests, establish pilot wood farms and
nurseries, and rehabilitate soft wood plantations.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20790>
CIP Inc, wholly-owned by Canadian
Pacific Ltd, is considering building a pulp mill in Texas which
would use kenaf fibre instead of wood, CIP president Cecil
Slenniken said in an interview.
     The kenaf plant is a member of the hibiscus family and was
artificially developed several years ago. The plant, which has
been grown in Southern Texas, reaches a height of 10 feet in
three months and is said to produce better quality newsprint
than wood pulp, a CIP official said.
     Slenniken said the company has commissioned studies for a
200,000 tonne capacity pulp mill which would use the fibre but
would need partners to begin the project.
    "We are not yet ready to commit the hundreds of millions of
dollars it would take for such a project," Slenniken said.
     He said CIP has been using the pulp on a trial basis to
make newsprint containing 90 pct kenaf fibre and 10 pct
softwood fibre at its Trois-Rivieres, Quebec plant.
    CIP, Canada's second largest newsprint producer, recently
launched a 366 mln Canadian dlr newsprint mill at Gold River,
British Columbia which is due begin producing 230,000 metric
tonnes per year by fall of 1989.
 Reuter
</BODY>
