<BODY DOCID=15246>
Robert Heller, a member of the
Federal Reserve Board, said he expects "more modest levels" of
growth in the money supply this year.
    "In my view, this would not only be a logical, but also a
most desireable development," he said in a speech prepared for
delivery to an economic forum at Chapman College in Orange,
Calif.
    A text was released in Washington.
    He said the effect of lower inflation and financial
deregulation on monetary aggregates was now largely finished.
    "Consequently, monetary growth may return to more modest
levels," Heller said. He noted growth in the money supply slowed
after mid-January.
    "I would not be surprised at all if the monetary aggregates
were to grow rather slowly during the balance of the year as
well," he added.
    Heller said there was a danger of renewed price inflation.
    "The pricing behavior of American producers in response to
price increases of their foreign competitors will be crucial
for our economic future," he said.
    Widespread domestic price rises in response to rising
import prices would "generalize the inflationary forces
emanating from the foreign trade sector" and might not gain more
market share for U.S. producers.
    "A return to the stagflation of the late 1970s may well be
the result of such a behavior pattern," Heller warned.
    He said "we at the Federal Reserve will have to be
disciplined in our conduct of monetary policy." 
    Heller said said the government should also exercise fiscal
discipline and cut the deficit by spending restraint rather
than new taxes.
    "The imposition of new taxes would tend to rekindle
inflation and certainly would not make us more competitive in
international markets," Heller said.
    He said the U.S. economy should expand by nearly three pct
during 1987, aided by higher exports to Europe and Canada.
    A free trade agreement currently being negotiated with
Canada "would be exceedingly helpful in allowing American
producers to compete more effectively in that country," Heller
said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15552>
The head of Spain's employers'
federation, Jose Maria Cuevas, said employers were worried
about the government's monetary policies because high real
interest rates were hampering investment.
    He told a news conference wage pacts signed so far this
year were not endangering the government's five pct inflation
target. The government's perceived need to control inflation by
keeping a tight rein on credit was unnecessary, he said.
    High real interest rates were attracting an influx of
speculative foreign capital which was undercutting the
government's target for monetary growth, Cuevas said.
    Spain's most closely-watched measure of money supply,
liquid assets in public hands, grew at an annualised rate of 17
pct in March, against 11.4 pct in December last year and a
target range of 6.5 to 9.5 pct for 1987.
    To combat this, the Bank of Spain has raised its call money
rate 14 times so far this year, to 14.5 pct at present from
11.8 at end-1986.
    Cuevas said employers were heeding the government's call to
hold wage increases to its five pct inflation target this year,
with increases from salary reviews awarded last year and new
wage pacts averaging 5.6 pct in the first quarter of 1987.
    These agreements covered less than 40 pct of Spanish
workers, Cuevas said, with the rest still in wage negotiations.
    He said Spain's current wave of strikes mainly affected the
state sector, where the government is trying to impose its five
pct wage ceiling.
    Cuevas said employers were also worried about the trend in
Spain's foreign trade balance. The trade deficit in the first
two months of 1987 totalled 233 billion pesetas, a 68 pct
increase over the corresponding period last year.
    However, employers did not favour a devaluation of the
peseta to correct the imbalance.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15950>
Commercial and industrial loans on the
books of the 10 major New York banks, excluding acceptances,
fell 1.31 billion dlrs to 62.70 billion in the week ended April
1, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York said.
    Including acceptances, loans dropped 1.34 billion dlrs to
63.23 billion.
    Commercial paper outstanding nationally fell 4.80 billion
dlrs to 334.28 billion.
    National business loan data are scheduled to be released on
Friday.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15951>
The eight major New York City banks had
daily average borrowings of 169 mln dlrs from the Federal
Reserve in the week ended April 8, a Fed spokesman said.
    A Fed spokesman said that all of the borrowings were made
yesterday by fewer than half the banks.
    It was the second half of the two-week bank statement
period that ended on Wednesday. Average borrowings by these
banks were 142 mln dlrs in the first week of the period.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15987>
U.S. bank discount window borrowings
less extended credits averaged 361 mln dlrs a day in the week
to Wednesday, April 8, the Federal Reserve said.
    Total daily borrowings in the week fell 99 mln dlrs to 591
mln dlrs, with extended credits down 35 mln dlrs at 230 mln
dlrs. The week was the second half of the two-week statement
period that ended Wednesday. Net borrowings averaged 425 mln
dlrs in the first week of the period.
    Commenting on the two-week statement period that ended on
April 8, the Fed said banks had average net free reserves of
447 mln dlrs.
    A Fed spokesman told a press conference that there were no
large one-day net misses in the Fed's estimates of reserves in
the week ended Wednesday.
    Of the week's borrowings, money center banks accounted for
65 pct, and small banks for almost 35 pct. On Wednesday, when
net borrowings were 1.36 billion dlrs and Fed funds averaged a
high 6.45 pct, money center banks accounted for more than 90
pct of the borrowing.
    Borrowings in the latest two weeks averaged 393 mln dlrs a
day, the highest since the statement period ended January 28.
    Float ranged from about 250 mln dlrs on Thursday to between
one and 1.25 billion dlrs on Monday and Tuesday.
    The spokesman said Monday's float included 500 mln dlrs in
holdover float at one Fed branch due to mechanical problems.
    About 500 mln dlrs of Tuesday's float reflected
non-weather-related transportation float in one Eastern Reserve
bank.
    As-of adjustments ranged from minus 500 mln dlrs on Monday,
when cash letter errors at two eastern reserve banks were
corrected, to plus 500 mln dlrs on Thursday, when a correction
was made to unposted funds at a single bank.
    In the first half of the statement period ended Wednesday,
banks held excess reserves on the first four days of the week
but ran a deficit on Wednesday.
    In the second week, they ran a deficit on Thursday, Friday
and Monday but held excess reserves on the final two days.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15989>
U.S. M-1 money supply fell two billion
dlrs to a seasonally adjusted 738.9 billion dlrs in the March
30 week, the Federal Reserve said.
    The previous week's M-1 level was revised to 740.9 billion
dlrs from 741.0 billion, while the four-week moving average of
M-1 rose to 739.8 billion dlrs from 739.7 billion.
    Economists polled by Reuters said that M-1 would be
anywhere from down two billion dlrs to up 1.8 billion.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15996>
Assets of money market mutual funds
increased 1.39 billion dlrs in the week ended yesterday to
236.77 billion dlrs, the Investment Company Institute said.
    Assets of 93 institutional funds were up 481.1 mln dlrs to
65.65 billion dlrs, 93 broker-dealer funds rose 285.3 mln dlrs
to 107.31 billion dlrs, and 197 general purpose funds gained
625.5 mln dlrs to 63.8 billion dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16063>
New Zealand's trading bank
seasonally adjusted deposit growth rose 2.1 pct in February
compared with a 2.6 pct rise in January, the Reserve Bank said.
    Year-on-year total deposits rose 28.9 pct compared with a
30.6 pct rise in January and 34.4 pct rise in February a year
ago period, the bank said in its weekly statistical release.
    Total deposits rose to 17.55 billion N.Z. Dlrs in February
compared with 17.18 billion in January and 13.61 billion in
February 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16083>
Swiss National Bank President Pierre
Languetin said a wider interest rate differential between the
dollar and stronger currencies was needed to brake the dollar's
fall.
    At a news conference, he said Japan and West Germany could
try to stimulate their economies further by expanding money
supply, but he added "I'm not so sure it would be desirable if
monetary policy became more expansive.
    "But what would be useful is a greater differential in
interest rates," he said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16250>
Sight deposits of commercial banks at
the Swiss National Bank fell 4.64 billion Swiss francs to 7.88
billion in the first 10 days of April, the National Bank said.
    Foreign exchange reserves rose by 9.4 mln francs to 33.12
billion.
    Sight deposits are an important measure of money market
liquidity in Switzerland.
    The National Bank said banks repaid around 5.8 billion
francs of traditional central bank credit taken out to meet
their end-of-quarter liquidity requirements. This was partially
offset by new swap arrangements.
    Bank notes in circulation fell 440.2 mln francs to 24.48
billion while other deposits on call at the National Bank --
mainly government funds -- fell 840.5 mln francs to 941.5 mln.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16268>
Four of West Germany's five leading
economic research institutes warned that excessive monetary
growth threatened a resurgence of inflation.
    But in a dissenting view the DIW institute in West Berlin,
echoing recent statements by leading Bundesbank officials, said
the expansion seen over the last 1-1/2 years did not
necessarily threaten stability.
    The five institutes issued a joint spring report, in which
three -- Kiel, Hamburg and Essen -- forecast a two pct rise in
GNP in 1987, while West Berlin and Munich predicted one pct.
    The four institutes said an expansive policy was welcome in
view of the slowdown in economic activity. But experience has
shown that strong monetary growth eventually leads to a price
rise which undoes the beneficial effects of monetary policy.
    Given virtual zero inflation in West Germany such fears may
seem exaggerated, they said.
    "But it has often turned out in the past that the price
climate can quickly deteriorate, forcing the central bank into
a restrictive policy," they said.
    The economic costs of a preventive stability policy are
less than fighting inflation once it has taken hold, they said.
    The four institutes disputed the view that monetary
expansion would slow of its own accord in 1987 as domestic
investors switch liquidity into longer term capital market
investments following lower interest rates.
    "Such redispositions may temporarily dampen the expansion of
central bank money stock, but do not automatically lead to a
smaller expansion of money supply," they said.
    A return to growth and stability did not require
spectacular central bank moves, but could be done quietly with
open market operations and repurchase pacts, which would avoid
an interest rate rise by dampening inflationary expectations.
    The DIW institute said monetary policy should not be
focused simply on growth of production potential. Because of
uncertainty about exchange rate developments and economic
weakness other factors should be taken into account.
    Monetary policy should aim for further interest rate cuts
and avoid rises to boost the economy and discourage revaluation
speculation. Recent strong monetary expansion was not a threat
in itself to price stability.
    The 1979/81 inflation following strong 1977/78 money growth
reflected other causes, such as rising oil prices and the
falling mark.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16282>
Spain's principal measure of money
supply, the broad-based liquid assets in public hands (ALP),
grew at an annualised rate of 17.6 pct in March against 16.6
pct in February and 19.6 pct in March last year, provisional
Bank of Spain figures show.
    The bank's target range for this year is 6.5 to 9.5 pct,
and Bank of Spain Governor Mariano Rubio said this month he was
aiming for the lower end of that range.
    ALP grew by 11.4 pct during 1986.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16650>
Treasury balances at the Federal
Reserve fell on April 10 to 3.373 billion dlrs from 3.523
billion dlrs on the previous business day, the Treasury said in
its latest budget statement.
    Balances in tax and loan note accounts fell to 11.645
billion dlrs from 11.869 billion dlrs on the same respective
days.
    The Treasury's operating cash balance totaled 15.018
billion dlrs compared with 15.392 billion dlrs on April 9.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16755>
Japan's broadly defined money supply
average of M-2 plus certificate of deposits (CD) rose a
preliminary 9.0 pct in March from a year earlier, compared with
an 8.8 pct rise in February, the Bank of Japan said.
    The seasonally adjusted March average of M-2 plus CDs rose
0.8 pct from February when it rose an identical 0.8 pct from a
month earlier, it said.
    Unadjusted M-2 plus CDs stood at an average 343,600 billion
yen in March compared with 336,015 billion in February.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16779>
The Bank of Japan said it forecast
Japan's broadly-defined M-2 money supply average plus
certificates of deposit (CDs) will rise by about nine pct in
the current April-June quarter against 8.5 pct a year earlier.
    Unadjusted M-2 plus CDs rose a preliminary 8.8 pct in
January/March 1987 compared with a nine pct rise a year
earlier, it said.
    The bank said the forecast rise is due to an increase in
floating deposits due to recent low interest rates and a shift
to private banks from the Bank of Japan of 400-1,000 billion
yen by the recently privatised Japanese Railways.
 REUTER 
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16908>
Business loans on the books of major
U.S. banks, excluding acceptances, fell 1.08 billion dlrs to
276.37 billion dlrs in the week ended April 8, the Federal
Reserve Board said.
    The Fed said that business loans including acceptances fell
1.1 billion dlrs to 278.67 billion dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17036>
U.S. banking data released today are
too distorted to draw sweeping conclusions about monetary
policy, but they do support the market's assumption that the
Federal Reserve has started to tighten its grip on credit,
economists said.
    "It's clear that the Fed has firmed somewhat. Discount
window borrowings, net free reserves, the Fed funds rate
average and the pattern of reserve additions are all consistent
with a modest tightening," said Dana Johnson of First Chicago
Corp.
    Johnson, and several other economists, now estimate that
the Fed funds rate should trade between 6-1/4 and 6-3/8 pct.
    Discount window borrowings in the week to Wednesday were
935 mln dlrs a day, producing a daily average for the two-week
statement period of 689 mln dlrs, the highest since the week of
December 31, 1986, and up from 393 mln dlrs previously.
    Moreover, banks were forced to borrow a huge 5.2 billion
dlrs from the Fed on Wednesday - the highest daily total this
year - even though unexpectedly low Treasury balances at the
Fed that day left banks with over two billion dlrs more in
reserves than the Fed had anticipated.
    However, economists said it is almost certain that the Fed
is aiming for much lower discount window borrowings than
witnessed this week. They pointed to two factors that may have
forced banks to scramble for reserves at the end of the week.
    First, economists now expect M-1 money supply for the week
ended April 29 to rise by a staggering 15 to 20 billion dlrs,
partly reflecting the parking in checking accounts of the
proceeds from stock market sales and mutual fund redemptions to
pay annual income taxes.
    As banks' checking-account liabilities rise, so do the
reserves that they are required to hold on deposit at the Fed.
    Required reserves did indeed rise sharply by 2.5 billion
dlrs a day in the two weeks ended Wednesday, but economists
said the Fed may not have believed in the magnitude of the
projected M-1 surge until late in the week and so started to
add reserves too late.
    Second, an apparent shortage of Treasury bills apparently
left Wall Street dealers with too little collateral with which
to enagage in repurchase agreements with the Fed, economists
said. Thus, although there were 10.3 billion dlrs of repos
outstanding on Wednesday night, the Fed may have wanted to add
even more reserves but was prevented from doing so.
    "It's not at all inconceivable that the Fed didn't add as
much as they wanted to because of the shortage of collateral,"
said Ward McCarthy of Merrill Lynch Economics Inc.
    McCarthy estimated that the Fed is now targetting
discount-window borrowings of about 400 mln dlrs a day,
equivalent to a Fed funds rate of around 6-3/8 pct.
    After citing the reasons why the Fed probably has not
tightened credit to the degree suggested by the data,
economists said the fact that the Fed delayed arranging 
overnight injections of reserves until the last day of the
statement period was a good sign of a more restrictive policy.
    Jeffrey Leeds of Chemical Bank had not been convinced that
the Fed was tightening policy. But after reviewing today's
figures, he said, "It's fair to say that the Fed may be moving
toward a slightly less accommodative reserve posture."
    Leeds expects Fed funds to trade between 6-1/4 and 6-3/8
pct and said the Fed is unlikely to raise the discount rate
unless the dollar's fall gathers pace.
    Johnson at First Chicago agreed, citing political
opposition in Washington to a dollar-defense package at a time
when Congress sees further dollar depreciation as the key to
reducing the U.S. trade surplus with Japan.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17042>
Australia's M-3 money supply growth was
1.5 pct in March and 11.3 pct in the 12 months to March, the
Reserve Bank said.
    This compared with a revised rise of 0.5 pct in February
and 11.1 pct in the year to end-February.
    The Reserve Bank said the M-3 data for March was affected
by the start of the operations of &lt;National Mutual Royal
Savings Bank Ltd>, which has resulted in the transfer of
deposits (equivalent to around 1.5 pct of m-3) from the United
Permanent Building Society to National Mutual Royal Savings
Bank Ltd.
    The Reserve Bank said M-3 money supply in March was 110.77
billion Australian dlrs compared with a revised 109.11 billion
in February and 99.48 billion in March, 1986.
    M-3 is deposits of the private sector held by trading and
savings banks plus holdings of notes and coins.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17051>
The Bank of Japan does not intend to ease
credit policy further, bank officials told Reuters.
    They were responding to rumours in the Japanese bond market
that the central bank was planning to cut its 2.5 pct discount
rate soon, possibly before Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone
leaves for Washington on April 29.
    Bank of Japan governor Satoshi Sumita will be in Osaka,
western Japan on April 27 and 28 for the annual meeting of the
Asian Development Bank, making a rate cut announcement early
next week a virtual impossibility, they said. April 29 is a
holiday here.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18487>
South African year-on-year broadly
defined M-3 money supply growth was revised upward to 10.37 pct
for April from a preliminary 10.08 pct, but was down from a
revised 10.69 pct in March, Reserve Bank figures show.
    M-3 rose to a revised 82.38 billion rand in April from a
preliminary 82.17 billion and March's revised 81.39 billion. In
April last year M-3 stood at 74.64 billion rand.
    Preliminary figures for May show M-3 at 83.24 billion rand
for a year-on-year rise of 10.97 pct from 75.01 billion in May
1986.
    April M-1A rose a year-on-year 15.12 pct to 14.22 billion
rand after rising 14.72 pct to 13.97 billion in March while M1
rose 24.49 pct to 27.92 billion after a 20.69 pct increase to
26.97 billion, the figures showed.
    M-2 rose 8.28 pct to 58.71 billion in April after rising
6.47 pct to 57.52 billion in March.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19028>
New U.S. Banking data suggest the
Federal Reserve is guiding monetary policy along a steady path
and is not signalling any imminent change of course, economists
said.
    But they also said that if money supply growth remains
weak, as this week's unexpected eight billion dlr M-1 decline
suggests it may, this could influence the Fed to loosen its
credit reins and move toward a more accommodative monetary
policy.
    A Reuter survey of 17 money market economists produced a
forecast of a 600 mln dlr M-1 decline for the week ended June
8, with estimates ranging from a gain of one billion dlrs to a
decline of four billion. Instead, M-1 fell eight billion dlrs
to 745.7 billion dlrs at a seasonally adjusted annual rate.
    Coming on the heels of a 4.3 billion decrease in M-1 for
the week ended June 1, this means the nation's money supply has
fallen more than 12 billion dlrs in the past two weeks,
economists said.
    "M-1 has hit an air pocket of weakness," said Bill Sullivan
of Dean Witter Reynolds Inc.
    While M-1 may have lost its significance as an indicator of
economic growth, Sullivan said Fed officials might be concerned
the latest drop in M-1 means another month of sluggish growth
in the broader monetary aggregates, M-2 and M-3, which are seen
as better gauges of economic growth.
    Latest monthly M-2 and M-3 data showed that as of May, both
measures were growing at rates below the bottom of the Fed's
5-1/2 to 8-1/2 pct target ranges.
    If money growth does not accelerate, Fed officials,
concerned that this indicates economic growth is flagging,
could turn toward easier monetary policy, economists said.
    "Does this mean that the Fed abandons its current open
market position? No," Sullivan said. "But does this mean the end
of tightening for the time being? Definitely yes."
    Economists said average adjusted discount window borrowings
of 385 mln dlrs for the latest two-week bank statement period
were lower than they had expected. Most believed the Fed had
targetted a two-week borrowings average of around 500 mln dlrs.
    But they said that if it had not been for a large one-day
net miss in the Fed's reserve projections, the higher
borrowings target would probably have been reached.
    A drop in May U.S. Housing starts and continued weakness in
auto sales show key sectors of the U.S. Economy are lagging,
while a recent modest 0.3 pct gain in May producer prices has
helped dispel inflation fears, Slifer said.
    "If this continues, we can entertain the notion of Fed
easing at some point," he said.
    Other economists said the Fed would probably pay little
attention to weak money supply growth. "It has been a number of
years since M-1 has given good signs of what's going on in the
economy," one said. "I don't think M-1 shows that the economy is
falling apart and the Fed should ease."
    Economists agreed a stable dollar will continue to be a
prerequisite for any move by the Fed toward easier monetary
policy.
    They said the Fed is reluctant to lower short-term rates
for fear this would spur expectations of a weaker dollar and
higher inflation which would push up long-term yields and choke
off econmomic growth.
    But Sullivan said the dollar has been steady since late
April. "The Fed has to determine if this represents a
fundamental change for the dollar. If it does, then this gives
them more room to ease," he said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19294>
Canadian narrowly-defined money supply
M-1 fell 430 mln dlrs to 35.65 billion dlrs in week ended June
10, Bank of Canada said.
    M-1-A, which is M-1 plus daily interest chequable and
non-personal deposits, fell 874 mln dlrs to 79.97 billion dlrs
and M-2, which is M-1-A plus other notice and personal
fixed-term deposits, fell 952 mln dlrs to 184.45 billion dlrs.
    M-3, which is non-personal fixed term deposits and foreign
currency deposits of residents booked at chartered banks in
Canada, fell 549 mln dlrs to 225.30 billion dlrs.
    Chartered bank general loans outstanding fell 584 mln dlrs
to 127.58 billion dlrs.
    Canadian liquid plus short term assets rose 20 mln dlrs to
37.96 billion dlrs and total Canadian dollar major assets of
the chartered banks fell 753 mln dlrs to 229.05 billion dlrs.
    Chartered bank net foreign currency assets fell 92 mln dlrs
to minus 1.92 billion dlrs.
    Notes in circulation totalled 17.11 billion dlrs, up 59 mln
dlrs from the week before.
    Government cash balances rose 26 mln dlrs to 2.65 billion
dlrs in week ended June 17.
    Government securities outstanding fell 424 mln dlrs to
227.38 billion dlrs in week ended June 17, treasury bills rose
700 mln dlrs to 78.00 billion dlrs and Canada Savings Bonds
fell 121 mln dlrs to 42.45 billion dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20025>
Growth in Japan's M-2 plus certificates of
deposit (CD) money supply in the October to December period is
not expected to accelerate, but will remain at high levels
between 11 and 12 pct, a senior Bank of Japan official said.
    The central bank will keep a watch on high growth in
liquidity because this is a factor that may cause rises in
prices of goods, he said.
    The September growth of 11.1 pct year on year announced
earlier today should not be taken as implying that the money
supply has started to expand very rapidly, he said. In August
the rate of increase was 11.0 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
