<BODY DOCID=14829>
The Ministry of International Trade and
Industry (MITI) will revise its long-term energy supply/demand
outlook by August to meet a forecast downtrend in Japanese
energy demand, ministry officials said.
    MITI is expected to lower the projection for primary energy
supplies in the year 2000 to 550 mln kilolitres (kl) from 600
mln, they said.
    The decision follows the emergence of structural changes in
Japanese industry following the rise in the value of the yen
and a decline in domestic electric power demand.
    MITI is planning to work out a revised energy supply/demand
outlook through deliberations of committee meetings of the
Agency of Natural Resources and Energy, the officials said.
    They said MITI will also review the breakdown of energy
supply sources, including oil, nuclear, coal and natural gas.
    Nuclear energy provided the bulk of Japan's electric power
in the fiscal year ended March 31, supplying an estimated 27
pct on a kilowatt/hour basis, followed by oil (23 pct) and
liquefied natural gas (21 pct), they noted.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15322>
The Senate unanimously approved
legislation to lift a ban on new construction of natural
gas-fired power plants and other large industrial gas-burning
plants.
    The bill, sponsored by Senate Energy Committee chairman
Bennett Johnston, also repeals mandatory incremental pricing of
natural gas which was designed to protect residential consumers
from major price increases by forcing some industrial users to
pay higher than market prices.
    "This legislation will open up new natural gas markets," the
Lousiana Democrat said.
    The gas restrictions were enacted in 1978 in response to a
shortage of natural gas and predictions of higher prices.
    "Now both oil and gas prices are severely depressed,"
Johnston said.
    In a compromise with coal producers, the bill requires new
baseload electric powerplants be designed to accomodate
modifications necessary to burning coal or another alternate
fuel.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15416>
Malaysia has asked Japan for a 42
billion yen 25-year loan to finance the construction of gas
pipelines from eastern Trengganu to southern Johor, the
Overseas Economic Cooperation Fund (OECF) said.
    OECF's chief representative, Takashi Matsuya, told
reporters the Japanese Government is appraising the loan.
Another OECF official told Reuters Japan is likely to approve
the loan because "it is technically and economically viable."
    If approved, the loan would carry a coupon rate of four
pct, a grace period of seven years, Matsuya said. It would be
disbursed over three years, he added.
    The pipeline contruction is the second phase of the
Peninsular Gas Utilisation Project by Petronas, Malaysia's
national oil company.
    The first phase was the supply of gas to households in and
around the eastern oil town of Kertih.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16007>
Nerco Inc said its oil and gas
unit closed the acquisition of a 47 pct working interest in the
Broussard oil and gas field from &lt;Davis Oil Co> for about 22.5
mln dlrs in cash.
    Nerco said it estimates the field's total proved developed
and undeveloped reserves at 24 billion cubic feet, or
equivalent, of natural gas, which more than doubles the
company's previous reserves.
    The field is located in southern Louisiana.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16166>
Norway's state oil company
Den Norske Stats Oljeselskap A/S (Statoil) &lt;STAT.OL>, has told
Thai authorities it is interested in taking a 30 pct share in a
big offshore Thailand gas field, Statoil said.
    The field, in the southern sector of the Gulf of Thailand,
is currently operated by U.S. Oil company Texas Pacific Oil Co
Inc, a unit of Canada's Seagram Co Ltd &lt;VO.N>. Thailand's state
oil company &lt;Petroleum Authority Thailand> (PTT) also holds a
major stake in the field.
    PTT wants to develop the field and has asked Statoil to
consider co-development if the field's licence is renewed.
    PTT, according to Statoil, is currently negotiating with
Texas Pacific to buy back the Dallas-based oil company's
holdings in the field.
    "PTT must first sort out its problems with Texas Pacific.
When this is done, we have said we are interested in taking
over a 30 pct share in the field," Statoil spokesman Willy Olsen
told Reuters.
    Statoil, hired by PTT to carry out an independent appraisal
of the field's reserves and propose a development plan, has
estimated the field could be commercially developed at a cost
of some 700 mln crowns.
    Industry sources said Texas Pacific has submitted lower
reserve estimates for the field than Statoil and shown little
interest in its development. Statoil refused to disclose its
upgraded reserve estimate for the field.
    The field's reserves could be sold domestically through
Thailand's gas distribution network or by converting the gas to
electricity, the sources said.
    Sources would not say which field Statoil is considering.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16238>
Columbia Gas Transmission
corp said it made an abbreviated, streamlined filing with the
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to recover a portion if
its costs of renegotiating high-cost gas purchase contracts.
    Recently, the Columbia Gas System Inc pipeline subsidiary
said, FERC denied on procedural grounds and without prejudice a
proposal to include these costs in the company's most recent
purchased gas adjustment -- or PGA -- filing.
    Noting it has has asked for a rehearing on the denial
ruling, Columbia Gas said it would withdraw its alternative
filing if the commission grantes its request for a rehearing to
include the contract renegotiation costs in its PGA or
consolidates this issue in the pipeline's general rate filing
and permit recovery, subject to refund, effective April one.
    The company said the alternative filing seeks to recover
about 79 mln dlrs a year through the pipeline's non-gas sales
commodity rates. This annual amortization amount is based on
recovery of about 653 mln drls over an 8-1/4 year period,
beginning April 1, 1987.
    Columbia Gas said the filing would increase the pipeline
commodity rates by 15.74 cts per mln Btu to 2.95 dlrs per mln.
    The company said it orginially sought to include these
costs in its PGA since the payments to products resulted in
almost five billion dlrs in prospective price relief and were
not related to take-or-pay buyout costs.
    It explained this interpretation was based on FERC's April
10, 1985, Statement of Policy which said that only take-or-pay
buyout costs must be recovered through a general rate filing
under the Natural Gas Act.
    As a result of renegotiating contracts for high-cost gas,
Columbia Gas said, it has been able to reduce the average price
paid for gas purchased from Southwest producers to 1.96 dlrs
per mln Btu in December 1986 from 3.64 dlrs per mln in April
1985.
    The pipeline said Southwestern producers account for 46 pct
of its total available gas supply this year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16438>
Standard Oil Co said a contract has
been awarded to &lt;CBS Engineering Inc> for a drilling and
production platform to be installed in Ewing Bank Block 826 in
the Gulf of Mexico where Standard and Mobil Corp each own a 40
pct interest.
    Standard said its Standard Oil Production Co subsidiary
will operate the platform which is being designed to produce
15,000 barrels of oil and 50 mln cubic feet of gas daily. The
platform is now expected to be installed in the summer of 1988.
Other owners are Kerr-McGee Corp &lt;KMG> with 16.66 pct and
&lt;Prudential Insurance Co of America> with  3.34 pct.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16499>
ProGas Ltd was issued an export licence
to sell 10.3 billion cubic meters of natural gas to Ocean State
Power Co of Burrillville, Rhode Island, the federal energy
department said.
    The sale, covering a 20 year period beginning May 1, 1989,
was previously recommended by the National Energy Board.
    Contract terms were not released.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16593>
Brooklyn Union Gas Co's Brooklyn
Union Exploration Co Inc unit said it entered a 200 mln dlr
three-year gas and oil exploration and development venture with
Smith Offshore Exploration Co.
    The agreement calls for drilling of 10 to 12 offshore wells
per year, primarily in the Gulf of Mexico area off the Texas
and Louisiana coasts and 30 to 40 onshore Texas and Louisiana
Gulf Coast wells.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17492>
The Panamanian liquified gas carrier
Nyhammer, 48,772 dwt, was attacked by an Iranian gunboat on May
24, Lloyds Shipping Intelligence said.
    One rocket was fired but missed.
    The vessel subsequently arrived at its destination of Ras
Tanura on May 25 and left this morning.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17516>
India's state-owned Oil and Natural Gas
Commission (ONGC) plans to drill more wells in the Bombay
offshore area, where a well spudded in February this year gave
both oil and gas, an ONGC spokesman said.
    The exploratory well, spudded at a depth of 2,140 metres,
yielded 2,000 barrels of oil and 180,000 cubic metres of gas
per day, he said.
    "The well, one of the four structures drilled in the area 80
km north-west of Bombay, indicates good prospects of both oil
and gas. We've decided to drill at least three more wells in
there before starting production on a commercial scale."
    Production of Bombay High, part of the Bombay offshore
field, has stabilised at around 500,000 barrels per day for the
last two years.
    ONGC produced 27.85 mln tonnes of crude in 1986/87 ending
March, up from 27.51 the previous year. Bombay High accounted
for 20.61 mln tonnes, marginally up from 20.10 the year before.
India's total oil output is around 30 mln tonnes.
    ONGC has been exploring the Bombay offshore area, developed
since the late 1970s, for more oil as production from Bombay
High has reached a plateau.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17658>
Utilization of offshore mobile rigs in
the Gulf of Mexico climbed by 2.1 pct last week to 38.9 pct,
reflecting a total of 91 working rigs, Offshore Data Services
said.
    One year ago, the Gulf of Mexico utilization rate was 32.5
pct. Offshore Data Services said some drilling contractors had
reported recent increases of about 1,000 dlrs a day on large
jackup rigs, which now command rates of 11,000 to 12,000 dlrs a
day.
    In the European/Mediterranean area the rig utilization rate
rose 0.6 pct to 53.6 pct, against 67.3 pct one year ago.
    Worldwide rig utilization rose by 1.2 pct to 57.7 pct,
reflecting a net increase of eight working rigs. Offshore Data
Services said a total of 419 rigs were in use worldwide and 307
were idled last week.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17669>
The U.S. drilling rig count fell by four
last week to a total of 758, against 723 working rigs at this
time last year, Baker Hughes Inc said.
    In Canada, the weekly rig count rose 19 to 100, compared to
46 working rigs last year.
    Among individual states, the steepest declines were in
Oklahoma and Louisiana which lost eight and seven,
respectively. Drilling increases were reported by Michigan, up
by five rigs, and Ohio and Pennsylvania which each rose by
three. Baker Hughes said the total of 758 working rigs in the
United States included 84 rigs working in offshore waters.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17913>
Santos Ltd &lt;STOS.S> said it would buy
&lt;Total Exploration Australia Pty Ltd> from &lt;Total Holdings
(Australia) Pty Ltd, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Total-Cie
Francaise des Petroles &lt;TPN.PA>.
    Total Exploration had interests ranging from 18.75 to 25
pct in four blocks in permit ATP259P in south-west Queensland,
Santos said in a statement.
    The Santos group stakes will rise to between 52.5 and 70
pct of the four ATP259P blocks as a result of the purchase. The
price was not disclosed.
    Santos said a number of oil and gas fields have been
discovered in the Total Exploration areas and that it regards
them as having very good prospects for further discoveries.
    Total's reserves amount to 75 billion cubic feet of gas and
5.5 mln barrels of oil and condensate, it said.
    It said it will promote a vigorous exploration program in
the areas for the rest of 1987 and in the future.
    The acquisition is the latest in a series by Santos as part
of a program to expand from its origins in the South Australian
Cooper Basin.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18253>
Algonquin Gas Transmission Co, a unit of
Texas Eastern Corp, said it has filed for Federal Energy
Regulatory Commission approval of new rate schedules.
    It said it has also filed for proposed service agreements
for interruptible and firm transportation service.
    Algonquin said the filing would allow its customers to move
available spot gas supplies to price competitive markets.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18325>
Amoco Corp's wholly owned Amoco
Canada Petroleum Co Ltd said its proposed 5.22-billion-
Canadian-dlr acquisition of Dome Petroleum Ltd will benefit
Canada just like the foreign investment that made possible
commercial development of Alberta's oilsands.
    Amoco Canada president T. Don Stacy told an oilsands
conference that "Amoco Canada has presented the solution to the
Dome problem, and we're investing our confidence, dollars and
determination to make that solution work."
    The Amoco buyout of debt-burdened Dome has angered Canadian
nationalists, who want a Canadian buyer for Dome.
    Stacy described Amoco Canada's previously reported share
offer proposal as a chance to increase Canadian ownership of
the country's oil and gas industry, now at about 50 pct.
    He reiterated that Amoco planned virtually no layoffs of
Dome employees. He also reaffirmed that Amoco would reinvest in
Amoco Canada-Dome properties all available cash flow for five
years after the acquisition.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18651>
Westcoast
Transmission Co Ltd said it agreed to acquire the Western
Canada oil and gas reserves and properties of AGIP Canada Ltd,
a subsidiary of AGIP SpA, part of Italy's ENI group, for 54 mln
Canadian dlrs.
    At the end of 1986, AGIP Canada reported proven and
probable reserves of 4.2 mln barrels of crude oil and natural
gas liquids and 22.7 billion cubic feet of natural gas. AGIP
Canada also holds 176,000 net exploratory acres in Western
Canada. Its properties produce about 1,100 barrels of oil a
day.
    The deal is subject to approval by both companies'
directors.
    Westcoast said the acquisition would enable it to apply
more than 150 mln dlrs of accumulated tax pools of AGIP Canada
Ltd to enhance after-tax cash flow from the acquired
properties.
    AGIP Canada said it would retain offshore exploration
blocks in Labrador, a gold mine in Yukon Territory and uranium
interests in Saskatchewan.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18739>
Mobil Corp said the 49/28-14 wildcat
well in Block 49/28 of the British North Sea flowed 50.6 mln
cubic feet of natural gas per day from depths of 7,742 to 7,777
feet.
    The company said it has a 23.33 pct interest and other
interest holders include Atlantic Richfield Co &lt;ARC>, Sun Co
&lt;SUN> and Deminex AG 10 pct.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18782>
Pan-Alberta Gas Ltd said its
1986 proposed settlement with United Gas Pipe Line Co, of
Houston, received unconditional approval by the U.S. Federal
Energy Regulator Commission.
    Pan-Alberta said the approved deal authorized terms of a
two-year interim contract amendment, cash payments and
transportation credits for Pan-Alberta's customers, minimum
yearly natural gas takes by United and a two-year commodity
price. United will pay Pan-Alberta producers about 50 mln dlrs
over the interim period and take at least an average 40 mln
cubic feet a day of gas, Pan-Alberta said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18857>
Kelley Oil and Gas Partners Ltd said it
has agreed to purchase all of CF Industries Inc's oil and
natural gas properties for about 5,500,000 dlrs, effective July
1.
    It said the Louisiana properties had proven reserves at
year-end of 11 billion cubic feet of natural gas and 85,000
barrels of oil, condensate and natural gas liquids.
    Kelley said it currently owns working interests in some of
the properties.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18896>
Cheyenne Resources Inc said it
purchased interests in four producing oil and gas properties
for 2,240,000 shares of the company's restricted stock.
    The largest interest was 25 pct of an oil and gas well in
Weld County, Colo, the company said. Cheyenne said it had five
pct or less interest in the three other properties.
    Cheyenne said it should realized 10,000 dlrs net income
monthly at the properties' current production levels.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18917>
Brooklyn Union Gas Co, a New York gas
utility, will see its gas costs up sharply as a result of
Transco Energy Co's &lt;E> decision to close its pipelines to
transport spot gas sales, energy industry analysts said.
    Brooklyn Union, the fourth largest gas utility in the
United States, purchased 36 pct of its supplies on the spot, or
non-contract, market in 1986, and the proportion of spot
supplies was estimated much higher in the five months of 1987,
analysts said.
    Texas Eastern pipelines &lt;TET>, the other competing
pipeline, to deliver spot gas from producing areas in the South
closed its gate station for summer, and Brooklyn Union has
relied entirely on Transco for spot supplies.
     In the month of May, Brooklyn Union paid about two dlrs
per mln British Thermal Unit for spot gas, while contract gas
costs four to five dlrs per mln BTU, industry sources said.
    Transco announced yesterday it would no longer provide open
access to transport spot natural gas to its customers for fear
of accumulating more take-or-pay liabilities.
    Take-or-pay contracts oblige pipelines to pay producers for
gas even if delivery is not taken by its customers.
    Brooklyn Union will continue receiving a small amount of
supplies from minor fields under a grandfather clause, a
Brooklyn Union official said.
    Foster Corwith, gas analyst with Dean Witter Reynolds, said
most of the rising cost to Booklyn Union will be passed through
to rate payers.
    While net effect on the company will not be known for
several months because of the time lag in deferred earnings,
end-users, especially residential and commercial customers,
will end up paying more for gas, he said.
    Because the closure takes place in summer months when gas
demand is at seasonal low, the impact on cash flow would be
small, Curt Launer, natural gas analyst with Donaldson Lufkin
Jenrette, said.
    If the situation persists into winter heating season, high
cost gas could cut in the company's profits, he said.
    Gas utilities along eastern seaboard relying on Transco for
spot gas, such as North Carolina Natural Gas Co &lt;NCNG>,
Piedmont Natural Gas Co &lt;PNY>, will face the same high cost
factor as Brooklyn Union, Steve Richards, a supply manager with
end users supply system, a Houston based natural gas brokering
firm, said.
    "But these companies are not unwitting victims of the
take-or-pay dispute between Transco and producers," he said.
    Distributors have turned a deaf ear to Transco's request
for an inventory charge, which reserves the pipeline facility
for spot gas to be delivered to these companies, he said.
    Without spot supplies, the high cost of system gas will
threaten to drive away large customers capable of shifting to
alternative fuels, he said.
    In absence of any guidelines on inventory charges from the
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, the matter is being
negotiated between pipelines and customers, Richards said.
    Now that Transco has refused to transport cheap spot gas
for them, these distributors are likely to be more conciliatory
on the inventory charge, he said.
    "Cool heads will prevail," DLJ's Launer said, " but it may
take a while."
       
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18932>
Allegheny and Western Energy Corp said
it was forming a subsidiary to market gas to smaller users in
West Virginia.
    The company also said it completed negotiations to sell
between 10 and 12 mln cubic feet of gas per day to a large,
unspecified East Coast utility.
    Interstate markets will become part of the subsidiary's
operations, the company said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19110>
Proven oil and gas deposits in Saudi
Arabia increased in 1986 despite higher oil output, according
to the kingdom's main producing company, Aramco.
    Recoverable oil reserves in Aramco fields rose to 167
billion barrels by the end the year from 166.5 billion in 1985,
while gas reserves jumped by 7.7 pct to 135.8 trillion cu ft
from 126.1 trillion, the company's annual report said.
    Aramco, responsible for all Saudi production except about
200,000 barrels per day (bpd) in the Neutral Zone between Saudi
Arabia and Kuwait, increased production to 4.69 mln barrels per
day in 1986 from 3.04 mln barrels a year earlier.

    Most of 1986 was a virtual free-for-all in production, as
OPEC members abandoned restraint in an effort to recapture
their share of the market. In the process, prices collapsed
from about 28 dlrs a barrel to below nine dlrs, until the
organisation decided to cut production again from last
September onwards.
    Saudi output in 1985 had been the lowest since the 1960s.
    Production of natural gas liquids in 1986 declined slightly
to 304,178 bpd from 316,310, said the report, carried on the
official Saudi Press Agency.
    The increase in reserves came despite a sharp cut in the
number of wells Aramco drilled to 33 in 1986 from 103 in 1985.

    Aramco's only refinery, at Ras Tannurah, processed 142.44
mln barrels (390,246 bpd) of crude last year. The plant was
upgraded to a capacity of 530,000 bpd during the year, enabling
it to supply 50 pct of local demand for oil products, the
report said.
    The country's other five, smaller refineries -- owned by
another state-owned oil organisation, Petromin -- produced
around 750,000 bpd last year.

    Sulphur production rose to 1.23 mln tonnes in 1986 from
998,707 tonnes in 1985. During the year the company began
operating a sulphur granule plant with capacity of 4,000 tonnes
per day, the report said.
    Aramco said it awarded 1,303 contracts last year worth 1.4
billion riyals -- about 370 mln dlrs.

 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19271>
N-D Resources Inc said it
agreed in principle to issue an undetermined number of shares
to Recovery Resources Corp, Bahrain, in order to acquire
Recovery's Atoka Gas Gathering Systems Inc.
    Atoka currently operates a 20-mile natural gas pipeline of
46 miles in length in southeastern Oklahoma.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19471>
Tenneco Inc said Tennessee Gas Pipeline
Co, its largest interstate natural gas pipeline, will transport
natural gas under the open access rules of the Federal Energy
Regulatory Commission, FERC.
    In open access, gas pipelines serve purely as a transport
company, moving gas from suppliers to customers. Pipelines also
transport its own gas to customers.
    Earlier this week, Transco Energy Co &lt;T> rejected the FERC
guidelines, saying it would not offer open access until the
regulatory body offers a solution to the exposure it faces for
gas it has bought but could not sell.
    The exposure faced by the industry stems from take or pay
contracts, under which pipelines bought gas on long-term
contracts they could not sell. The problem grew severe as
customers won cheaper sources of gas because of open access.
    Some industry analysts speculated earlier this week that
Tenneco might follow Transco's lead and close its pipelines to
open-access because of the take-or-pay issue.
    But Tenneco today said open access "is one of the steps
FERC is taking to restructure the gas industry in the U.S. FERC
is moving the industry through this restructuring now, even
before all transitional problems are solved."
    A spokesman said Tenneco faces 1.7 billion dlrs in exposure
under the take-or-pay contracts, but he had no specific figure
for Tennessee Gas, which runs 2,000 miles of pipelines from
Louisiana and Texas up to New England.
    "We remain convinced that the most critical transitional
issue facing the industry--take-or-pay--must be resolved by
FERC in the near future.
    "A failure to do so could have grave consequences for the
industry's continued ability to provide its customers with
reliable natural gas," said Tennessee Gas Transmission Co
president R.C. Thomas.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20093>
The Indonesian state-owned oil company
Pertamina has found new offshore oil and gas resources in East
Aceh, on the western tip of northern Sumatra, a company
spokesman said.
    The spokesman said the discovery was made at the GOS IA-1
offshore exploratory well about 38 kms east of Langsa in Aceh.
    "Oil and gas are found in sand layers at the depth of 2,300
metres within the Baong formation," he said.
    He said preliminary tests showed that the well could flow
oil at the rate of 1,320 barrels a day with 50 degrees API at
20 degrees centigrade through a 5/8 inch choke.
    "The well also flows natural gas at the rate of 12 mln
standard cubic feet a day," he added.
    GOS IA-1 well, located at a water depth of 41 metres, was
drilled under a production sharing contract between Pertamina
and Japex North Sumatra Ltd, each having 50 pct shares.
    "Petroleum operations are to be carried out by Pertamina as
operator through a joint operating body established by the two
companies," the Pertamina spokesman stated.
    The contract covers the Gebang block contract area. The two
companies have previously completed the drilling of GOS IIA-1
exploratory well, around 14 kms south of GOS IA-1.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20666>
Brooklyn Union Gas Co said it has
contracted to purchase up to 60 mln cubic feet of natural gas
per day from Shell Oil Co, a Royal Dutch/Shell Group &lt;RD> &lt;SC>
subsidiary.
    Brooklyn Union said the long-term contract will cover about
15 pct of its total supplies.
    A spokesman said Shell and the utility agreed to not
disclose the length of the contract or the price of the gas,
which he described as competitive with a market sensitive
escalation formula.
   
    Brooklyn Union said the gas from Shell Oil will replace
about 25 pct of the gas previously supplied by Transco Energy
Inc's &lt;E> Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Corp subsidiary.
    The utility said Transcontinental will transport the gas
being purchased from Shell Oil, possibly beginning as soon as
November 1.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21417>
NUI Corp said it is studying
the feasibility of spinning off nonutility subsidiaries to
shareholders.
    The company said its propane disution, natural gas spot
marketing, data processing, oil and natural gas exploration and
production, natural gas gathering and underground pipe
replacement businesses had sales for the year ended September
30 of about 74 mln dlrs, or about 25 pct of total company
sales.  NUI's major subsidiary is utility Elizabethtown Gas.
 Reuter
</BODY>
