<BODY DOCID=18625>
Analysts said they were surprised at
the government's announcement of a forecast budget surplus for
fiscal 1988 but said it was consistent with previous policy
statements and positive for the economy.
    Finance Minister Roger Douglas predicted a budget surplus
for the year ending March 1988 of 379 mln New Zealand dlrs
against a 1.95 billion deficit last year.
    Analysts polled by Reuters said the forecast budget surplus
was even more positive than the most bullish analysts'
forecasts and that this was good news for financial markets.
    Market expectations among analysts questioned by Reuters
before the budget varied widely between a balanced budget and a
2.3 billion dlr deficit. But none predicted a surplus.
    The forecast initially looks positive for both the bond and
the foreign exchange markets, one analyst said. Paradoxically,
the New Zealand dollar could rise in the medium term, despite
lower interest rates, as overseas investors became more
confident about investing in New Zealand, he said.
    However, some foreign exchange dealers disagreed, saying
the local dollar is primarily interest rate driven and will
move lower.
    The local dollar dropped to 0.5940/50 U.S. Dlrs in after
hours trading, against 0.5970/77 just before the budget
release.
    Analysts said the budget was also positive for the share
market, despite an increase in the contribution of company
taxation to revenue figures.
    One equities analyst predicted that the budget surplus
announcement could push the share market up by 50 points
tomorrow.
    The Budget statement was broadly as expected, with a
continuation of existing policies, and the absence of
traditional pre-election incentives would be viewed positively
by overseas investors, another said.
    But one merchant bank economist said that certain anti-tax
avoidance measures could damage some sectors of the share
market, particularly multi-national companies.
    The government is also lowering its borrowing requirements,
through bond tenders, as a result of the surplus. The
requirement for the rest of the year is now down to 950 mln
N.Z. Dlrs from a predicted 1.75 billion.
    Predicted revenue in the Budget looked sustainable and
there appeared to be no holding back on expenditure, another
economist said. He added that the document seemed entirely
credible.
    "Altogether it looks good for Labour's election prospects,"
he said.
    An election is due before the end of September.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21561>
An income tax surcharge and capital
gains tax could bring about an urgently needed depreciation of
the N.Z. Dollar, independent economist Len Bayliss said.
    Bayliss, a former economist with the Reserve Bank and the
Bank of New Zealand, said a major depreciation is needed to
restore export competitiveness even if inflation is cut by
current government policies.
    The taxes would help cut the budget deficit, which in turn
would lower the value of the N.Z. Dollar, he said in a speech.
He added that the deficit for the year ending March 1988 could
be much higher than the government's 1.3 billion dlr forecast.
    Since the government was unlikely to cut expenditure as a
percentage of gross domestic product, a major tax increase was
probably unavoidable, Bayliss said.
    He would have preferred an increase in the 10 pct
value-added goods and services tax, introduced in October 1986,
but that would have had a short-term inflationary impact.
Import tariffs should be lowered to minimise the inflationary
impact of a currency depreciation.
    The government had failed to bring inflation down despite
lower oil prices and an appreciation in the currency, he added.
    New Zealand's inflation rate was 16.9 pct in the year to
end-September against 18.9 pct in the year to end June.
    The major deficiency in the government's anti-inflation
policies was reliance on high interest and exchange rates and
insufficient emphasis on reducing the budget deficit, Bayliss
said. The government had also failed to reduce overseas debt
and debt ratios and cut the balance of payments deficit.
    "The widespread belief that (New Zealand's) problems are
going to take much longer to solve than was originally thought
is soundly based -- primarily because the government's
macro-economic policies have been unsuccessful," Bayliss said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
