<BODY DOCID=15675>
Unfavorable weather conditions during
the second week of March caused damage to oranges in the
Calabria region in southern Italy, the U.S. Agriculture
Department's officer in Rome said in a field report.
    The report, dated April 3, said the region accounts for
about 22,000 hectares of the Italian orange crop or about 26
pct of total production.
    However, orange production in the region for marketing year
1986/87 is forecast at 565,000 tonnes or 25 pct of the total
Italian orange crop, it said.
    The report said trade contacts agree that about 15 pct of
the orange output in Calabria was damaged by frost.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15854>
The U.S. Agriculture Department
estimated 1986/87 citrus production, as follows (in boxes) --
    Total U.S. orange crop (excluding Florida Temples) --
190,050,000 boxes, vs 190,850,000 boxes last month and
176,410,000 boxes in the 1985/86 crop.
    Florida oranges (excluding Temples) -- 122,900,000 boxes,
vs 124,000,000 last month and 119,000,000 boxes in 1985/86.
    Florida Temples -- 3,400,000 boxes, vs 3,400,000 last month
and 2,950,000 boxes in 1985/86.
    The department's estimates are based on April 1 crop
conditions.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15855>
The U.S. Agriculture Department
projected an average yield of 1.50 gallons of frozen
concentrated orange juice per box (42.0 degree brix equivalent)
from Florida's 1986/87 crop.
    That compares with 1.47 gallons per box previously and 1.38
gallons per box from the 1985/86 crop.
    The crop reporting board said the estimates for the 1986/87
season are based on maturity and yields tests as of April 1.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15929>
The U.S. Agriculture Department's
latest estimates on 1986/87 Florida orange production and
orange juice yield are bearish for the frozen concentrated
orange juice futures market because the yield increase was
greater than expected, FCOJ traders and analysts said.
    The USDA projected an average yield of 1.50 gallons of FCOJ
per box versus last month's estimate of 1.47 gallons.
    The government estimated Florida orange production
(excluding Temples) at 122.9 mln boxes versus 124 mln last
month. Temples were unchanged at 3.4 mln boxes.
    Traders and analysts said the unexpectedly large yield
increase outweighed the anticipated drop in box count.
 reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15960>
Florida Citrus Processors
Association said frozen concentrated orange juice movement into
trade channels in the week ended April 4 totalled 4,496,533
gallons versus 5,058,976 gallons in the week ended March 28 and
4,141,578 gallons in the corresponding year-ago period.
    There were 499,967 gallons of foreign imports last week
versus 341,280 gallons the week before. Domestic imports last
week were 24,774. Retail movement was 1,741,139 versus
1,464,490 a year ago. Bulk movement was 2,328,368 against
2,139,383 a year earlier.
    Current season cumulative movement was 79,516,753 gallons
versus 76,919,119 last year. Cumulative net pack for the season
was 86,254,846 versus 82,355,864 a year ago. Inventory was
75,212,711 versus 75,985,696 a year ago.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16630>
The U.S. International Trade
Commission, ITC, voted to authorize the Commerce Department to
impose anti-dumping duties on imports of Brazilian frozen
concentrated orange juice.
    The ITC voted 3-2 in favor of the anti-dumping petition in
its final ruling on the matter.
    Today's ITC ruling was consistent with the Commerce
Department's final ruling of March 9, and activates an
anti-dumping duty of 1.96 pct on imports of Brazilian frozen
concentrated orange juice, Stephen Vastagh, ITC investigator
said.
    The ITC found that Brazilian orange juice imports have
injured U.S. producers. The Commerce Department had already
ruled that the imports were unfairly priced, and lowered to
1.96 pct the anti-dumping margin that in a preliminary decision
last fall had been set at 8.5 pct, Vastagh said.
    The U.S. government has been requiring bond to be posted on
imports of Brazilian frozen concentrated orange juice since
Commerce's preliminary ruling of last October 23, he said.
    Commerce had ruled that one major Brazilian producer --
Cutrale -- would be excluded from the anti-dumping duty.
    Brazilian imports account for about 40 pct of total U.S.
supply, Vastagh said. Between December 1985 and November 1986,
the United States imported the equivalent of 546 mln gallons of
Brazilian orange juice worth 622 mln dlrs, he said.
    Currently, the United States requires a 35-cent per gallon
tariff on orange juice imports, Vastagh said.
    An ITC spokesman said the agency would forward its final
report on the anti-dumping case to Commerce by April 22.
    Commerce then will process the anti-dumping order and
transmit it to U.S Customs, which will liquidate bond entries
dating from Commerce's preliminary ruling and begin assessing
duties, Vastagh said.
    He said about 12 Brazilian orange juice exporters,
including three major shippers, would be affected by the
decision.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16784>
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng
opens talks with Japanese government officials today well aware
his demand for the opening of Japanese rice, beef and citrus
markets is likely to be rejected.
     But in an interview with Reuters during the flight to
Tokyo yesterday, Lyng said the goal of his trip was to throw an
international spotlight on Japan's agricultural import
protection in the hope pressure would build on Tokyo to open
its markets.
    "(The Japanese) have said they are happy we are coming, but
they are not going to give us anything," Lyng said.
    U.S. Officials do not expect any Japanese concessions
during Lyng's two-week visit here. Any farm trade concessions
would be unveiled later this month, they said.
    "If there is anything of consequence to offer (Prime
Minister Yasuhiro) Nakasone would take it with him," when he
visits Washington later in the month, one U.S. Official said.
    Lyng plans to ask Japan to open the door to rice imports by
partially lifting the longstanding ban on foreign purchases.
    A private U.S. Rice trader visited Tokyo last week
requesting Japan buy 200,000 tonnes of rice for industrial uses
such as making sake. Japan has rejected the overture, saying
Tokyo maintains a policy of self-sufficiency in rice.
    Lyng will also press Japan to eliminate an import quota for
beef by April 1988 because he believes Japanese consumers would
like to buy much more beef than currently allowed.
    He cited the example of a California company which
transports live U.S. Cattle to Japan by air for slaughter to
circumvent the beef quota. The cost of transport is higher than
the value of the animal, he said.
    U.S. Officials said the Japan Livestock Industry Promotion
Corporation which regulates beef imports, was forced to borrow
from the fiscal 1987 quota earlier this year because the 1986
quota was exhausted and Japanese beef prices were rising. Japan
has said it cannot open its markets to beef imports.
    Along with beef, the U.S. Will also press Japan to
eliminate import quotas on fresh oranges and orange juice by
April, 1988. Some U.S. Officials believe Japan may eventually
be willing to scrap the quota on fresh oranges because
liberalized trade would not necessarily damage the Japanese
mandarin orange industry.
    The quota on juice may be harder to eliminate because
imports might replace domestic produced juice, U.S. And
Japanese officials have said.
   Lyng has resurrected a past U.S. Proposal that Japan buy
surplus U.S. Foodgrains for donation to developing countries,
but some U.S. Officials are skeptical action will be taken.
   Lyng will also urge Japan to put its domestic farm policies,
including rice, on the negotiating table during GATT talks in
Geneva. He said Japan must eliminate import quotas on certain
minor food products or face possible U.S. Reprisals.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17443>
The south China province of Guangdong is
importing millions of tonnes of grain a year from overseas and
other parts of China because farmers have switched from grain
to more profitable crops, the Peking Review magazine said.
    The official magazine said the province's grain area fell
to 4.33 mln hectares in 1985 from 5.7 mln in 1978 out of a
total farmland area of 7.4 mln hectares.
    Farmers have switched to cash crops such as sugarcane,
bananas, oranges, papaya and freshwater fish-farming, in part
to supply major consumer markets in Hong Kong and Macao, the
magazine said. It gave no 1986 area figures.
    The magazine said China aims to keep 80 pct of national
farmland under grain, 10 pct under cash crops and 10 pct under
other crops, although the ratio will vary from place to place.
    It said primitive cultivation methods, labour-intensity and
low productivity make grain the least profitable farm
commodity. Farmers in one central region of China can from 0.1
hectare earn 2,250 yuan a year from vegetables, 375-450 yuan
from cotton or 225 yuan from grain, it added.
    It said consumer prices for foodgrain can be adjusted only
gradually as part of a reform of the entire pricing system.
 REUTER
</BODY>
