<BODY DOCID=14833>
Indonesia expects crude palm oil (CPO)
prices to rise sharply to between 450 and 550 dlrs a tonne FOB
sometime this year because of better European demand and a fall
in Malaysian output, Hasrul Harahap, junior minister for tree
crops, told Indonesian reporters.
    Prices of Malaysian and Sumatran CPO are now around 332
dlrs a tonne CIF for delivery in Rotterdam, traders said.
    Harahap said Indonesia would maintain its exports, despite
making recent palm oil purchases from Malaysia, so that it
could possibly increase its international market share.
    Indonesia, the world's second largest producer of palm oil
after Malaysia, has been forced to import palm oil to ensure
supplies during the Moslem fasting month of Ramadan.
    Harahap said it was better to import to cover a temporary
shortage than to lose export markets.
    Indonesian exports of CPO in calendar 1986 were 530,500
tonnes, against 468,500 in 1985, according to central bank
figures.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14840>
The Indonesian Commodity Exchange is
likely to start trading in at least one new commodity, and
possibly two, during calendar 1987, exchange chairman Paian
Nainggolan said.
    He told Reuters in a telephone interview that trading in
palm oil, sawn timber, pepper or tobacco was being considered.
    Trading in either crude palm oil (CPO) or refined palm oil
may also be introduced. But he said the question was still
being considered by Trade Minister Rachmat Saleh and no
decision on when to go ahead had been made.
    The fledgling exchange currently trades coffee and rubber
physicals on an open outcry system four days a week.
    "Several factors make us move cautiously," Nainggolan said.
"We want to move slowly and safely so that we do not make a
mistake and undermine confidence in the exchange."
    Physical rubber trading was launched in 1985, with coffee
added in January 1986. Rubber contracts are traded FOB, up to
five months forward. Robusta coffee grades four and five are
traded for prompt delivery and up to five months forward,
exchange officials said.
    The trade ministry and exchange board are considering the
introduction of futures trading later for rubber, but one
official said a feasibility study was needed first. No
decisions are likely until after Indonesia's elections on April
23, traders said.
    Trade Minister Saleh said on Monday that Indonesia, as the
world's second largest producer of natural rubber, should
expand its rubber marketing effort and he hoped development of
the exchange would help this.
    Nainggolan said that the exchange was trying to boost
overseas interest by building up contacts with end-users.
    He said teams had already been to South Korea and Taiwan to
encourage direct use of the exchange, while a delegation would
also visit Europe, Mexico and some Latin American states to
encourage participation.
    Officials say the infant exchange has made a good start
although trading in coffee has been disappointing.
    Transactions in rubber between the start of trading in
April 1985 and December 1986 totalled 9,595 tonnes, worth 6.9
mln dlrs FOB, plus 184.3 mln rupiah for rubber delivered
locally, the latest exchange report said.
     Trading in coffee in calendar 1986 amounted to only 1,905
tonnes in 381 lots, valued at 6.87 billion rupiah.
     Total membership of the exchange is now nine brokers and
44 traders.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14892>
Malaysia is unlikely to meet its
targeted output of five mln tonnes of oil palm in calendar
1987, oil palm growers told Reuters.
    Output in 1987 is expected to reach around 4.5 mln tonnes,
unchanged from 1986, because of drought, low use of fertiliser
and overstressed palms, they said.
    The growers were asked for their reaction to an Oil World
newsletter report that Malaysia's oil palm output is likely to
drop sharply this year.
    Palm oil now sells at around 700 ringgit a tonne, or about
115 ringgit less than soybean oil, but Malaysia must sell more
palm oil to prevent a stock buildup that could damage the
industry, a leading grower told Reuters.
    The country's palm oil stocks now total some 500,000 tonnes
against about 800,000 last March, the growers said.
    The growers expect palm oil prices to ease later this year
due to pressure from South American and U.S. Soybean output.
    The current South American oilseed harvest, mainly soybean,
is likely to be around 25.7 mln tonnes against the previous
21.7 mln tonne crop, they said.
    In addition, new U.S. Soybean plantings are also expected
to enter the market around November when Malaysian palm oil
output peaks.
    They said new planting of palms is also likely to slow,
with some 50,000 hectares expected to be planted with new trees
against 100,000 in 1986, although the effects of this reduction
will not be felt for about another three years.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16193>
Saudi Arabia is in the market for 4,000
tonnes of refined bleached deodorised palm olein for June 1/10
shipment, traders said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16362>
Saudi Arabia bought 4,000 tonnes of
Malaysian refined bleached deodorised palm olein for June 1/10
shipment at around 356 dlrs per tonne cost and freight Jeddah,
traders said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17477>
Philippine Coconut Authority (PCA)
chairman Jose Romero said he would visit Brussels later this
month to lobby against a proposed 100 pct European Community
(EC) levy on vegetable oil imports.
    "I intend to visit Brussels and talk to whoever is putting
up this devilish scheme to impoverish third world countries
like the Philippines," Romero said in an interview.
    He said he did not know how much support the levy had
within the EC but he said he believed those originally opposed
to the tax were under pressure to change their position.
    Romero said a group of EC members led by West Germany, the
Netherlands, Denmark and Norway were opposed to the tax. But
there was a danger some of them would be persuaded to change
sides, and if that happened opposition could crumble.
    Romero said another threat to exports lay in an EC warning
that copra meal cake used in livestock feeds contained
dangerous levels of aflatoxin, a carcinogenic chemical.
    He said the EC standard of 0.02 parts of aflatoxin per
million parts of meal, which EC countries had been asked to
apply by October 1988, was too rigid. He said Philippine copra
cake contained much higher levels of aflatoxin.
    Aflatoxin comes from moulds which develop in copra when it
is not properly dried or ground.
    Romero said he would tell big buyers of copra meal in
London that the Philippines was doing its best to meet EC
standards. It was also trying to eliminate aflatoxin totally,
but this was likely to take several years of research.
    Copra meal exports were 817,641 tonnes or 35 pct of total
coconut exports in 1986. The meal was worth 73.5 mln dlrs.
    Romero said he would also visit Oxford University's
department of agricultural economics to discuss ways of
avoiding the copra process altogether.
    "There are ways of producing coconut products outside of
copra," Romero said. "We can process fresh coconut without drying
the meat in the sun. Through the wet process we can process
coconuts into other food or non-food products, or we can go to
the chemical root."
    He said there was a tendency for agricultural countries to
become more protectionist and he expected export prices of
coconut products to drop.
    "In the long term we will be getting less and less for more
and more production, and I'm not comfortable with that," he
said.
    With countries like Indonesia and Malaysia stepping up
production of palm oil, a coconut oil substitute, palm oil
output had risen nearly 70 pct since 1971, Romero said.
    "To add to that the U.S. Soybean Association is spending
billions of dollars to discredit palm oil and coconut oil by
saying that they are polysaturated fats and bad for the heart,"
he said.
    Romero said he expected coconut product export prices to
stay up for the rest of the year. They would probably touch a
high of 20 cents/pound from the current level of 18.59 cents,
and a sharp rise from year-ago levels of 10.50 cents.
    Romero said the Philippines was at the end of a five-year
coconut production cycle which showed production tended to fall
after two successive years of good harvests.
    He said 1985 and 1986 were good harvests and this year, to
add to the production fall, drought had affected output.
    "Traders are stocking up and when they have overbought the
prices will start declining again. The only sure way to keep
prices stable is by processing, adding more value," he said.
    Coconut farmers were being encouraged to intercrop by
planting other cash crops between coconut trees, he said.
    "A typical farm may have from 100 to 150 trees sitting on
10,000 square metres of land. That's a lot of space," Romero
said. He said the government's proposed land reform program
would exclude about 75 pct of the coconut farmers because they
had less than the proposed seven-hectares of land.
    "If the idea of land reform is to increase income levels,
production and employment then it won't happen," he said.
    PCA figures show about one-third of the country's
population is dependent on the coconut industry.
    Coconuts are planted on about 3.2 mln hectares or
one-fourth of total agricultural land.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18781>
The rate of increase in world palm oil
use is likely to slow next season despite an expected 800,000
tonne production rise to 8.13 mln tonnes, Siegfried Mielke,
editor of the Hamburg-based newsletter Oil World said.
    He told the 8th Antwerp Oils and Fats Contact Days that in
the next Oct/Sept 1987/88 season, palm oil use will rise to
8.25 mln tonnes from 7.71 mln, below the five-year average
increase of 550,000 tonnes.
     Opening stocks at the start of next October are expected
to be about 1.4 mln tonnes, 300,000 tonnes below year-earlier
levels, bringing total supplies to 9.5 mln tonnes, he said.
    The anticipated total supplies will be about 500,000 tonnes
above this season's available amount, Mielke said.
    The increase in mature palm tree areas in Malaysia will
slow down from this year on, but that will be offset by area
expansion in Indonesia, he said.
    He estimated the combined rise in Malaysian and Indonesian
mature area at 8.7 pct next year, after 9.5 pct this year, and
at 6.7 pct in 1989 and 5.0 pct in 1990.
    Malaysia also is shifting plantings to Sabah and Sarawak,
where the rate of expansion is higher than in the Peninsula,
but where yields are lower, he said.
     The stocks/usage ratio of seven major oils is also
expected to decline, Mielke said. The oils are soybean,
cottonseed, sunflowerseed, coconut, rapeseed, palmkernel and
palm.
    At the start of October 1986 stocks of these oils were
unusually high and represented 6.8 weeks of the current
season's prospective demand, compared with six weeks a year ago
and with 5.4 weeks in 1984, he said.
    Mielke expects the ratio to fall to 5.9 weeks by the start
of next October and to the unusually low level of 5.4 weeks by
the end of next season.
    The stocks/usage ratio for palm oil was 11.4 weeks last
October and is likely to be 8.7 weeks next October and 7.7 at
the end of next season, Mielke said.
    World oilseed stocks also are expected to fall in the
course of the next season, with the biggest reduction seen in
soybean stocks, which Mielke expects to decline by 5.0 mln
tonnes or by one fifth.
    Almost all of the decline is expected to occur in the U.S.,
for which he estimated ending stocks next season at 10.7 mln
tonnes, or 393 mln bushels, against anticipated ending stocks
of 15 mln tonnes, or 551 mln bushels, at the end of this
season.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19088>
The Indian State Trading Corp (STC) are
reported to have taken three parcels, around 5,000 tonnes each,
of palm olein at yesterday's weekly vegetable oil tender,
traders said.
    All are for August shipment at 364 dlrs a tonne cif. India
passed on all other materials, they added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19367>
Malaysia is to urge fellow tin
producing countries to contribute more money towards research
into new uses for the metal, Malaysian primary industries
minister Lim Keng Yaik told Reuters in an interview.
    Lim, in Brussels on a tour of Europe and America, said he
had instructed Malaysia's representatives on the executive
committee of the Association of Tin Producing Countries, ATPC,
to draw up a paper on the matter.
    Lim earlier met European Community farm commissioner Frans
Andriessen and industry commissioner Karl-Heinz Narjes.
    He said though it now appeared likely Commission proposals
for a tax on vegetable and marine oils and fats would be
defeated, he feared the Commission would revive the idea.
    Lim noted Andriessen this week promised that if the tax was
adopted and third countries suffered export losses as a result,
they would be compensated through access to the EC for
alternative exports.
    "Since most of our products are commodity based, I cannot
see how this would work out in our case," Lim said.
    Malaysian palm oil exports to the EC are worth about 250
mln dlrs a year.
    The tin research proposal would be presented at an ATPC
meeting to be held in Kuala Lumpur in September.
    "Not enough research and development effort has been put in
by tin producers and we have been pushed out by substitutes
such as aluminium, paper and plastics," Lim said.
    He mentioned the use of inorganic tin in pesticides as an
exciting possible new application.
    Lim said he could not estimate the amount of extra money
which needed to be spent on research into new uses before the
new paper was produced.
    He said Narjes told him there appeared no fundamental
barriers to EC states quickly ratifying the new International
Rubber Agreement, INRA, although translations of the accord
into some EC languages are still being awaited.
    Lim, who will sign and ratify the agreement on Malaysia's
behalf when he visits New York during his current tour, said it
was important there should not be a long "interregnum" between
the old agreement lapsing in October and the new one coming
into force.
    He described the present accord as a model for commodity
agreements due to its being signed by nearly all producing and
consuming countries and by virtue of its review systems and
control over buffer stock management.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20911>
A proposal to require imported
tropical oils to be labeled as saturated fats suffered a narrow
and possibly debilitating defeat in the U.S. Senate.
    The Senate Agriculture Committee rejected the proposal by a
10-8 vote, virtually snuffing out U.S. soybean producers' hopes
the plan would be adopted this year.
    A similar proposal has made no headway in the House.
    Sen. Tom Harkin (D-Iowa) offered the proposal as an
amendment to a farm spending reduction package.
    "I don't see this as a trade issue. I see it as giving
American consumers the information they need," he said.
    Proponents of the measure, including the American Soybean
Association, have claimed palm, palm kernel and coconut oils
are high in saturated fat and can contribute to heart disease.
    The U.S. soybean industry believes labels indicating
tropical oils are high in saturated fats would discourage
consumption of the oils, imported primarily from Malaysia,
Indonesia and the Philippines.
    But Sen. Richard Lugar (R-Ind.) read a letter from U.S.
Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter, who said the proposal
"blatantly discriminates" against imports, would be impossible to
defend under international trade law and would harm relations
with the Philippines, Malaysia and Indonesia.
    Yeutter's letter also said Americans derive most of their
saturated fats from meat and dairy products and relatively
little from tropical oils.
    The committee voted largely along party lines, with three
Democrats joining seven Republicans to oppose the measure.
 Reuter
</BODY>
