<BODY DOCID=15063>
Cheap oil feedstocks, the weakened U.S.
dollar and a plant utilization rate approaching 90 pct will
propel the streamlined U.S. petrochemical industry to record
profits this year, with growth expected through at least 1990,
major company executives predicted.
    This bullish outlook for chemical manufacturing and an
industrywide move to shed unrelated businesses has prompted GAF
Corp &lt;GAF>, privately-held Cain Chemical Inc, and other firms
to aggressively seek acquisitions of petrochemical plants.
    Oil companies such as Ashland Oil Inc &lt;ASH>, the
Kentucky-based oil refiner and marketer, are also shopping for
money-making petrochemical businesses to buy.
    "I see us poised at the threshold of a golden period," said
Paul Oreffice, chairman of giant Dow Chemical Co &lt;DOW>, adding,
"There's no major plant capacity being added around the world
now. The whole game is bringing out new products and improving
the old ones."
    Analysts say the chemical industry's biggest customers,
automobile manufacturers and home builders that use a lot of
paints and plastics, are expected to buy quantities this year.
    U.S. petrochemical plants are currently operating at about
90 pct capacity, reflecting tighter supply that could hike
product prices by 30 to 40 pct this year, said John Dosher,
managing director of Pace Consultants Inc of Houston. Demand
for some products such as styrene could push profit margins up
by as much as 300 pct, he said.
    Oreffice, speaking at a meeting of chemical engineers in
Houston, said Dow would easily top the 741 mln dlrs it earned
last year and predicted it would have the best year in its
history.
    In 1985, when oil prices were still above 25 dlrs a barrel
and chemical exports were adversely affected by the strong U.S.
dollar, Dow had profits of 58 mln dlrs. "I believe the entire
chemical industry is headed for a record year or close to it,"
Oreffice said.
    GAF chairman Samuel Heyman estimated that the U.S. chemical
industry would report a 20 pct gain in profits during 1987.
Last year, the domestic industry earned a total of 13 billion
dlrs, a 54 pct leap from 1985.
    The turn in the fortunes of the once-sickly chemical
industry has been brought about by a combination of luck and
planning, said Pace's John Dosher.
    Dosher said last year's fall in oil prices made feedstocks
dramatically cheaper and at the same time the American dollar
was weakening against foreign currencies. That helped boost
U.S. chemical exports.
    Also helping to bring supply and demand into balance has
been the gradual market absorption of the extra chemical
manufacturing capacity created by Middle Eastern oil producers
in the early 1980s.
    Finally, virtually all major U.S. chemical manufacturers
have embarked on an extensive corporate restructuring program
to mothball inefficient plants, trim the payroll and eliminate
unrelated businesses. The restructuring touched off a flurry of
friendly and hostile takeover attempts.
    GAF, which made an unsuccessful attempt in 1985 to acquire
Union Carbide Corp &lt;UK>, recently offered three billion dlrs
for Borg Warner Corp &lt;BOR>, a Chicago manufacturer of plastics
and chemicals. Another industry powerhouse, W.R. Grace &lt;GRA> 
has divested its retailing, restaurant and fertilizer
businesses to raise cash for chemical acquisitions.
    But some experts worry that the chemical industry may be
headed for trouble if companies continue turning their back on
the manufacturing of staple petrochemical commodities, such as
ethylene, in favor of more profitable specialty chemicals that
are custom-designed for a small group of buyers.
    "Companies like DuPont &lt;DD> and Monsanto Co &lt;MTC> spent the
past two or three years trying to get out of the commodity
chemical business in reaction to how badly the market had
deteriorated," Dosher said. "But I think they will eventually
kill the margins on the profitable chemicals in the niche
market." Some top chemical executives share the concern.
    "The challenge for our industry is to keep from getting
carried away and repeating past mistakes," GAF's Heyman
cautioned. "The shift from commodity chemicals may be
ill-advised. Specialty businesses do not stay special long."
    Houston-based Cain Chemical, created this month by the
Sterling investment banking group, believes it can generate 700
mln dlrs in annual sales by bucking the industry trend.
    Chairman Gordon Cain, who previously led a leveraged buyout
of Dupont's Conoco Inc's chemical business, has spent 1.1
billion dlrs since January to buy seven petrochemical plants
along the Texas Gulf Coast.
    The plants produce only basic commodity petrochemicals that
are the building blocks of specialty products.
    "This kind of commodity chemical business will never be a
glamorous, high-margin business," Cain said, adding that demand
is expected to grow by about three pct annually.
    Garo Armen, an analyst with Dean Witter Reynolds, said
chemical makers have also benefitted by increasing demand for
plastics as prices become more competitive with aluminum, wood
and steel products. Armen estimated the upturn in the chemical
business could last as long as four or five years, provided the
U.S. economy continues its modest rate of growth.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17563>
Dow Chemical U.S.A. Midland Co
said it will increase prices of its high performance thermal
fluids, in bulk and drums, effective July One, for contract and
spot customers.
    The bulk list prices for diphenyl oxide, in both technical
and refined grades, will be raised five pct to 1.26 dlrs per
pound for technical and 1.36 dlrs per for refined, Dow said.
    Other increases include Dowtherm G to 21.92 dlrs per
gallon; Dowtherm HT to 20.94 dlrs per gallon; Dowtherm J to
14.96 dlrs per gallon, and Dowtherm LF to 18.68 dlrs per
gallon.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17580>
Monsanto Chemical Company, a unit of
Monsanto Co &lt;MTC.N>, is to acquire the polyphenyls business of
Rhone-Poulenc Chimie, a unit of Rhone-Poulenc &lt;RHON.PA>,
Monsanto said in a statement issued from its European
headquarters.
    The statement did not disclose financial details.
    Gustaaf Francx, general manager of Monsanto Chemical Co
Europe-Africa, said the acquisition would help Monsanto to
expand its customer base for polyphenyls, which are used as
components for high temperature heat transfer fluids.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17585>
Borden Inc said it is acquiring &lt;Prince
Co Inc> and three companies producing grocery products for 180
mln dlrs.
    Borden said the four companies are expected to have 1987
sales totaling 230 mln dlrs.
    It said Prince, a Lowell, Mass., producer of pasta and
Italian food sauces, is expected to account for 210 mln dlrs of
this total. This year's sales of Borden pasta -- by the 13
regional brands and the premium Creamette brand distributed on
a nearly national basis -- are expected to toal 285 mln dlrs,
it said.
    Borden said the other three companies being acquired are
Steero Bouillon of Jersey City, N.J., Blue Channel Inc, a
Beaufort, S.C., producer of canned crabmeat, and the canned
shrimp products line of DeJean Packing Inc of Biloxi, Miss.
    Borden also said the divestment of three operations with
about 50 mln dlrs a year in sales is expected to produce nearly
45 mln dlrs in cash for use toward the purchase of new
businesses.
    It said the sale of Polyco of Cincinnati, Ohio, which makes
polyvinyl acetate emulsions, to Rohm and Haas Co &lt;ROH> was
announced by the buyer last month.
   
    Borden said the divestment of two producers of toy models
and hobby items -- Heller in France and Humbrol in England --
is in process.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17743>
Monsanto Co said it is acquiring
certain commerical assets of &lt;Rhone-Poulenc Chimie's>
polyphenyl business.
    Terms of the transaction were not disclosed.
    Among the assets being acquired are its polyphenyl business
worldwide, including biphenyl and the heat transfer fluid
Gilotherm TH, together with associated manufacturing and
application technology, Monsanto said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18191>
FMC Corp said it has entered into an
equally owned joint venture with Indo-Thai Synthetics called
Thai Peroxide Co Ltd to build a hydrogen peroxide plant with an
initial capacity of 5,000 metric tonnes of 100 pct peroxide
north of Bangkok.
    The company said the plant is expected to starft operating
by the fourth quarter of 1988.  It said the venture received
grants and incentives from the government of Thailand.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18217>
The Quebec government said it joined
with B.F. Goodrich Canada Inc to study the feasability of
building a vinyl chloride monomer plant in Montreal. The plant
would supply manufacturers of PVC construction and other
materials in Eastern Canada and the Northeastern U.S.,
government officials said.
    Theys said the  plant would cost about 125 mln Canadian
dlrs, with production beginning in 1991 if economic conditions
are right. more
    The Quebec government has said it wants the project to
proceed because it would provide future demand for Petromont
Inc petrochemical products. Petromont is jointly owned by Union
Carbide Canada Ltd &lt;UCC.TO> and the Quebec government's SGF
industrial development group. Its Montreal plant would provide
ethylene as a raw material for the project.
     Quebec said it also wants Interprovincial Pipe Line Ltd
&lt;IPIPF.O> to adapt its pipeline from Sarnia, Ont., to Montreal
to carry natural gas liquids, a decision that will be made by
the federal National Energy Board. It said the pipeline could
provide Petromont with feedstock at one-third the cost of
moving it by rail.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18807>
Reichhold Chemicals Inc said
its Reichhold Ltd subsidiary has raised prices seven U.S. cent
per pound on powdered phenolic waferboard resins, effective
July 1, due to sharp increases in the cost of phenol.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18852>
Fluor Corp said it won a contract
with General Electric to design, construct and deliver modules
for a methyl chloride process addition.
    The value of the contract was not disclosed.
    Fluor said its Applied Engineering Co unit will construct
28 modular sections and deliver them to GE's Waterford, N.Y.
Silicone Products division plant.
    Methyl chloride is an integral part of silicone production.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19397>
International LPG prices were little
changed in the past week, barely affected by the excitement on
the advent of OPEC's mid-year meeting, traders and industry
sources said.
    "If the OPEC decides to increase crude oil production," a
traders said, "LPG supplies will be up without corresponding
rise in demand."
    Petrochemical buyers were sidelined, after their foray in
the market early in june, they said.
    An industry meeting in Dublin this week also drew many
market participants away from the trading desk, they added.
    Algeria has moved at least two cargoes of propane to the
U.S. Gulf, keeping Mediterranean prices steady, traders said.
    In the Mideast Gulf, propane appeared easing slightly,
after a major U.S. oil company bought propane on formula which
netted back about 123 dlrs, cif Mideast Gulf, which was two
dlrs below Saudi Arabia's government selling price (gsp),
industry sources said.
    Delivered propane to Japan was quoted at gsp plus 19 dlrs
and butane at gsp plus 25 dlrs, the traders said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19903>
Henley Group Inc's M.W. Kellogg Co
subsidiary said it in consortium with &lt;Inelectra> received a
contract from Corpoven S.A., a Venezuelan-owned domestic oil
company, to revamp and expand its El Palito Refinery.
    Kellogg said the installed cost of the work to be performed
is estimated to be 130 mln dlrs. Inelectra, Kellogg said, is a
major Venezuelan engineering firm.
   Kellog said the project will enable the refinery to produce
BTX products -- benzene, toluene, and orthoxylene -- by
processing naphtha feed from an expanded reformer-hydrotreater.
    Kellogg said the refinery's reformer-hydrotreater will be
upgraded to 9,500 barrels a day capacity from 7,500.
    It said the new BTX process units include aromatic
extraction, xylene fractionation, xylene isomerization and
thermal hydrodealkylation.
    Kellogg pointed out that Venezuela now imports all of its
BTX aromatics.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20710>
Olin Corp said construction was
completed on a 150 mln dlrs chlor/alkali plant it owns jointly
with EI du Pont de Nemours Co.
    The company said the plant, which is located in Niagara
Falls, New York, will begin operations in December.
    The plant, which has a 660-ton per day capacity, will be
operated by du Pont, the company said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
