<BODY DOCID=15768>
Spain's foreign reserves rose by 905 mln
dlrs in February to total 17.05 billion dlrs, compared with
14.11 billion dlrs in February 1986, Bank of Spain figures
show.
    Under a new accounting system introduced this month,
Spain's foreign reserves now exclude foreign currency held by
financial institutions.
    Under the previous system, Spain's foreign reserves would
have risen by 391 mln dlrs in February, taking into account a
fall of 514 mln dlrs in financial institutions' foreign
currency position.
    In January this year, the Central Bank's foreign reserves
rose by 143 mln dlrs, while financial institutions' foreign
currency position fell by 118 mln dlrs.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16250>
Sight deposits of commercial banks at
the Swiss National Bank fell 4.64 billion Swiss francs to 7.88
billion in the first 10 days of April, the National Bank said.
    Foreign exchange reserves rose by 9.4 mln francs to 33.12
billion.
    Sight deposits are an important measure of money market
liquidity in Switzerland.
    The National Bank said banks repaid around 5.8 billion
francs of traditional central bank credit taken out to meet
their end-of-quarter liquidity requirements. This was partially
offset by new swap arrangements.
    Bank notes in circulation fell 440.2 mln francs to 24.48
billion while other deposits on call at the National Bank --
mainly government funds -- fell 840.5 mln francs to 941.5 mln.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16775>
China's trade deficit in the first
quarter fell to 1.05 billion dlrs from 3.04 billion in the same
1986 period, customs figures show.
    Zhang Zhongji, spokesman of the State Statistical Bureau,
quoted the figures as showing exports rose 27 pct to 7.28
billion dlrs and imports fell 5.1 pct to 8.33 billion.
    He said if imports of gifts, foreign aid items and
materials for joint ventures are excluded, the deficit was only
350 mln dlrs, and the surplus on invisibles was 700 mln. As a
result, foreign exchange reserves increased somewhat from their
level at end-1986, he said, but gave no figure.
    Official figures show the reserves at 10.514 billion dlrs
at end-1986, down from 11.9 billion at end-1985.
    Zhang said one reason for the rise in exports was improved
incentives to export firms, which are being allowed to retain
more foreign exchange from the goods they sell.
    He said first quarter exports to Hong Kong and Macao rose
35.5 pct to 2.48 billion dlrs and imports rose 55.3 pct to 1.46
billion. Exports to Japan fell 2.3 pct to 1.28 billion and
imports 24.4 pct to 2.14 billion.
    Exports to the U.S. Rose 23 pct to 640 mln dlrs and imports
fell 26.7 pct to 840 mln. Exports to the EEC rose 35.1 pct to
770 mln dlrs and imports fell 3.8 pct to 1.5 billion, he said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17933>
Britain's gold and currency reserves rose
a record underlying 4.76 billion dlrs in May, following April's
2.9 billion dlrs increase, the Treasury said.
    The underlying trend indicates the level of recent Bank of
England intervention on currency markets to curb sterling's
strength. It was above market expectations which had been for a
rise of between one billion and three billion dlrs.
    The Treasury declined comment on the figures.
    Actual reserves rose 4.87 billion dlrs in May, compared
with April's 2.8 billion increase, to a total value of 34.68
billion dlrs, compared with 29.81 billion at the end of April.
    Borrowings under the exchange cover scheme were 238 mln
dlrs, against April's 66 mln. Repayments under the scheme were
85 mln dlrs, after 90 mln previously, with capital repayments
of eight mln, after three mln last month.
    Repayments of government debt amounted to 33 mln dlrs.
    The underlying reserves increase is net of borrowings and
repayments.
    It was larger than the previous record 3.04 billion dlrs
rise seen in October 1977. The May increase represents the
seventh monthly rise, with reserves up 9.947 billion dlrs in
that period, and up 9.816 billion since the start of 1987.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17966>
The record 4.9 billion dlrs rise in U.K.
Reserves in May to a total 34.7 billion has lifted hopes for a
further cut in bank base lending rates after the June 11
general election, market analysts said.
    Sterling would have risen on the much better than expected
number but for market nerves about the poll outcome, they said.
    But the weight of foreign currency and gold reserves now
available to the authorities to support the pound should curb
any market tendency to panic if U.K. Opinion polls show the
ruling Conservative Party's lead slipping, they added.
    "We have been intervening to a very much greater extent than
we have done hitherto," Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson
said at a news conference today, commenting on the news of the
record reserves rise.
    He put the U.K. Intervention in the context of the Louvre
accord between leading industrial nations to stabilise the
dollar, partly through direct intervention on foreign
exchanges. "We have been playing a very full part ourselves," he
said.
    But market analysts see the recent upward pressure on
sterling, and consequent need for official sales to damp down
its rise, more in the light of local factors.
    Steven Bell, chief economist at Morgan Grenfell Securities,
said that corporate money has been flowing back into Britain
amid hopes of another Conservative government, after fears last
autumn of a Labour election victory sent it flooding out.
    U.K. Portfolio investment is also returning, while foreign
buyers see U.K. Growth propects and high bond yields as
attractive. They will be strong buyers of U.K. Assets, notably
equities, once the election is out of the way, Bell said.
    Analysts see this pressure as the main hope for lower
interest rates, as the government is expected to try to reverse
the loss of export competitiveness caused by a strong pound.
    Today, however, the pound hardly moved on the reserves
news, dipping on its trade-weighted index against a basket of
currencies from 73.1 pct of its 1975 value at 1000 GMT to 73.0
pct at 1100 GMT, half an hour after the figures were released.
    "The market doesn't want to do anything because of the
election," commented an economist at a big U.S. Investment bank.
    Several dealers and analysts added that market forecasts of
a rise in reserves of between one and three billion dlrs had
overestimated the amount of pound sales that were likely to
have been disguised by swap arrangements or transactions on the
forward market.
    The market also seemed to have overestimated the amount of
sterling the Bank of England bought at the end of May to smooth
the pound's sudden downturn, while some of the intervention
reported in May probably occurred in April, they said.
    The key three months interbank money market rates eased
about 1/8 point, reflecting cautious hopes that the downtrend
in U.K. Interest rates will be revived following the reserves
news, analysts said.
    Government bond prices initially firmed, but the market was
muted as traders worried about the funding implications of
another huge rise in reserves, they added.
    Morgan Grenfell's Bell forecast a half point base rate cut
from the current nine pct level soon after the election, so
long as poll projections of another Conservative victory prove
accurate, with another half point later.
    Justin Silverton, equity economist at Credit Suisse
Buckmaster and Moore, said a full point reduction might be
possible. "Sterling will be held down by interest rate cuts in
future, rather than this active intervention," he predicted.
    Kevin Boakes of Greenwell Montagu Gilt-Edged cautioned
against over-optimistic forecasts, but agreed a half point cut
looked likely.
    A cut before the election has been virtually ruled out.
    "The Bank (of England) is both worried about the political
problem of cutting rates during an election campaign ... And
has signalled some worry about broad money (growth)," said Robin
Marshall, chief U.K. Economist at Chase Manhattan Securities.
    He said the 10 billion dlrs increase in total reserves in
the past seven months may foreshadow full U.K. Entry into the
European Monetary System.
    But Bell said the authorities would like to see another 10
or 15 billion dlrs in the reserves before joining, if they did
so. But, unlike many analysts, he doubted the U.K. Will go in.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18109>
Denmark's net official reserves rose
to 60.629 billion crowns in May from 48.380 billion in April,
against 39.481 billion in May 1986, the Central Bank said in
its monthly balance sheet report.
    Total net reserves, including reserves held by commercial
and major savings banks and corrected for exchange rate
adjustments, rose to 58.373 billion crowns in May from 47.835
billion in April, against 32.443 billion in May 1986.
    The Bank said in a statement that public loan transactions
accounted for net capital import of 0.1 billion crowns in May,
with net registered private capital imports of 9.1 billion.
    "Of this, the net sale of Danish crown bonds to other
countries totalled about 2.5 billion crowns. There was balance
between the purchase and sale of foreign securities," the
statement added.
    The Central Bank said that figures for private bank
reserves and registered capital movements were provisional and
there was no estimate yet of unregistered movements.
    "It is therefore not possible on this basis to draw
conclusions about the developments of the external current
account," the statement added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18321>
The Treasury Department said it would
release data on U.S. reserve assets on a monthly basis from now
on instead of quarterly.
    Reserve assets are held in gold, special drawing rights
with the Internatinal Monetary Fund, foreign currencies and in
a U.S. reserve position in the IMF.
    Assets totaled 46.59 billion dlrs at the end of April,
compared with 48.82 billion dlrs at the end of March, the
Treasury said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18527>
French official reserves rose 258 mln
francs in May to 420.50 billion francs from 420.24 billion at
the end of April, the Finance Ministry said.
    The slight rise partly reflected the repayment last month
of France's outstanding 11.95 billion francs of debt owed to
the European Monetary Cooperation Fund (FECOM).
    It also reflected a negative 314 mln franc position with
France's Exchange Stabilisation Fund after intervention
purchases of 10.6 billion francs during May.
    Foreign currency holdings fell 7.28 billion francs to
124.58 billion while ECU holdings fell by 5.55 billion francs
to 58.52 billion due to the repayment of part of France's debt
owed to the FECOM and Stabilisation Fund operations, the
ministry said.
    Claims on the IMF rose 1.14 billion francs to 18.97
billion, including a 385 mln franc increase in France's reserve
position with the IMF and a 751 mln franc rise in holdings of
Special Drawing Rights.
    Gold holdings were unchanged at 218.46 billion francs.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18672>
Today's U.K. Economic data have pushed
the chances of another base lending rate cut from the current
nine pct further into the distance, analysts said.
    A record fall in unemployment and good manufacturing
production data showed that the economy is still strong and
does not need a fillip from lower rates.
    News that underlying earnings are rising 7.75 pct annually,
taken together with higher than expected bank lending and money
supply growth, revived inflation worries and monetarist
arguments against easier credit, they said.
    "The timetable on lower interest rates is being pushed back
all the while. The strength of the economy and broad money
growth are making it more difficult to see one in the near
term," said Chase Manhattan Securities economist Robin Marshall.
    Analysts have reached this conclusion despite yesterday's
mortgage rate cuts for new borrowers, which building societies
said were a sign of the expected near term trend for U.K.
Rates.
    It also counters the optimistic forecasts of last week that
a post-general election cut was imminent, supported by such
optimistic economic news as May's record reserves rise which
mirrored the Bank of England efforts to cap sterling's
strength.
    The gilt market lost nearly half a point as enthusiasm
about May's 64,300 fall in the seasonally adjusted unemployment
rate, to 2.95 mln or 10.6 pct of the workforce, was rapidly
replaced by dismay at the continued high level of underlying
average earnings in April, dealers said.
    The upset was compounded by news that sterling bank lending
rose 2.7 billion stg in May, above forecast, and that the Bank
of England looks likely to have to sell more gilts to offset
the impact on domestic money supply of its current
intervention.
    "The gilt market reaction was correct," said Bill Martin,
chief U.K. Economist at brokers Phillips and Drew.
    "That's very important ... It shows the economy in a very
good state indeed," Skeoch said.
    "There's no reason to get worries about inflationary
pressures because they're very subdued." Unit wage cost rises
were better than expected, just one pct higher in the year to
April, and it was these costs rather than average earnings
which were potentially inflationary, he added.
    "I don't think these average earnings numbers are a major
problem," agreed Chase Manhattan's Marshall.
    But he said the gilts market was likely to remain worried
about the funding implications of recent intervention.
    He said the inflow of foreign money into sterling assets
earlier this year, attracted by growth prospects and hopes that
the ruling Conservatives would win last week's election, now
looks likely to prevent a base rate cut as the authorities try
to prevent these funds swelling the domestic money system.
    However, David Owen, U.K. Economist at Kleinwort Grieveson
Securities, said any fresh sterling strength would still
trigger a base rate cut and that today's figures did not signal
higher inflation this year.
    "Wage increases are being offset by productivity growth. As
long as that continues we're okay," he added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18749>
Italy's net official reserves fell to
67,110 billion lire in May from a previously reported 68,455
billion in April, the Bank of Italy said.
    Gold holdings totalled 35,243 billion lire at end May,
unchanged from end April.
    Convertible currencies totalled 18,277 billion lire in May,
down from 20,028 billion in April, while European Currency Unit
holdings were 10,610 billion against 10,528 billion.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18798>
Ecuador posted a trade surplus of 10.6 mln
dlrs in the first four months of 1987 compared with a surplus
of 271.7 mln in the same period in 1986, the central bank of
Ecuador said in its latest monthly report.
    Ecuador suspended sales of crude oil, its principal export
product, in March after an earthquake destroyed part of its
oil-producing infrastructure.
    Exports in the first four months of 1987 were around 639
mln dlrs and imports 628.3 mln, compared with 771 mln and 500
mln respectively in the same period last year.
    Exports of crude and products in the first four months were
around 256.1 mln dlrs, compared with 403.3 mln in the same
period in 1986. The central bank said that between January and
May Ecuador sold 16.1 mln barrels of crude and 2.3 mln barrels
of products, compared with 32 mln and 2.7 mln respectively in
the same period last year.
    Ecuador's international reserves at the end of May were
around 120.9 mln dlrs, compared with 118.6 mln at the end of
April and 141.3 mln at the end of May 1986, the central bank
said. gold reserves were 165.7 mln dlrs at the end of May
compared with 124.3 mln at the end of April.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19040>
Recent government moves to curb capital
inflow have temporarily helped to slow the rise of Taiwan's
foreign exchange reserves and to stabilise the local dollar
against the U.S. Currency, officials and bankers said.
    Central bank governor Chang Chi-Cheng told reporters the
reserves rose only about 500 mln U.S. Dlrs in the past two
weeks and the local dollar appreciated more slowly against the
U.S. Dollar.
    Chang said, "The pace of increase in our reserves is much
slower now than before and our currency is getting more stable."
He said the reserves, mainly the result of the trade surplus
with the U.S., Rose at the rate of two to three billion U.S.
Dlrs a month between January and May.
    The reserves, the world's third largest after Japan and
West Germany, now total well over 60 billion U.S. Dlrs.
    On June 2 the central bank froze overseas borrowings of
local and foreign banks and cut the limit on central bank
purchases of forward U.S. Dollars from banks to 40 pct from 90
pct of the value of a contract.
    Local and foreign bankers said the June 2 measures had
drastically limited their ability to lend foreign exchange to
importers and exporters.
    They said their overseas borrowings and forward dollar
transactions showed a drastic decline with some banks
registering a fall of up to 30 pct.
    Bank dealers said the Taiwan dollar has stabilised against
the U.S. Currency this week after rising two to five Taiwanese
cents a day between June 2 and 13 compared with a rise of five
to eight cents in May.
    The bank dealers said the central bank, which had
previously bought U.S. Dollars heavily, sold at least 1.1
billion U.S. Dlrs in the past two weeks to meet commercial
demand.
    They said they expected the government to keep the local
dollar stable in the near term to give breathing space to
businesses experiencing slower exports because of the rise of
more than 23 pct in the value of the Taiwan dollar since
September 1985.
    The Taiwan dollar opened at 31.09 to the U.S. Dollar today,
unchanged from yesterday.
    Keh Fei-Lo, vice president of First Commercial Bank, said,
"It appears the central bank's move to curb the capital inflow
is quite successful."
    Vice economic minister Wang Chien-Shien said the slower
rise in foreign exchange reserves would help ease pressure from
Washington over the large U.S. Trade deficit with Taiwan.
    Over the past year Taiwanese businessmen have delayed
imports of machinery and production equipment because of
exchange rate uncertainty, he said. The stable exchange rate
would help boost imports, particularly from the United States.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19198>
Norway's central bank reserves totalled
73.71 billion crowns in May against 76.06 billion in April and
95.02 billion in May 1986, the Central Bank said in its monthly
report.
    Foreign exchange reserves totalled 70.3 billion crowns,
compared with 68.4 billion in April and 88.0 billion a year
ago. Gold reserves were unchanged from April's 284.8 mln
crowns, and also unchanged from the year-ago figure.
    Central Bank special drawing right holdings were 3.16
billion crowns, compared with 3.06 billion in April and 2.51
billion in May 1986.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20264>
Taiwan's foreign exchange reserves, bouyed
by rising exports, have hit a record high and are likely to
soar to 72 billion U.S. Dlrs by the year end, central bank
officials said Tuesday.
    Central Bank Governor Chang Chi-cheng told reporters the
reserves totalled about 69 billion U.S. Dlrs, compared with
about 42 billion at the same time last year and 68 billion on
October 5. He declined to elaborate.
    A senior bank official, who declined to be named, told
Reuters the reserves were likely to reach 72 billion dlrs at
the end of the year.
    "The surge in reserves is the result of our trade surplus
and recent purchases of U.S. Dollars on the local interbank
market," Chang said.
    Taiwan's trade surplus hit a record 14.95 billion U.S. Dlrs
in the first nine months of 1987 compared with 11.05 billion a
year earlier, official figures show.
    Vice Economic Minister Wang Chien-hsien said the surplus
will rise to about 20 billion dlrs by the end of the year.
About 80 pct of the surplus will come from the island's trade
with the United States. 
    Chien said Taiwan's trade will reach 80 billion U.S. Dlrs
this year compared with 63.96 billion last year.
    Its exports are expected to total 50 billion and imports 30
billion against exports of 39.79 billion and imports of 24.17
billion last year.
 REUTER
</BODY>
