<BODY DOCID=14832>
Thailand's trade deficit widened to 4.5
billion baht in the first quarter of 1987 from 2.1 billion a
year ago, the Business Economics Department said.
    It said Janunary/March imports rose to 65.1 billion baht
from 58.7 billion. Thailand's improved business climate this
year resulted in a 27 pct increase in imports of raw materials
and semi-finished products.
    The country's oil import bill, however, fell 23 pct in the
first quarter due to lower oil prices.
    The department said first quarter exports expanded to 60.6
billion baht from 56.6 billion.
    Export growth was smaller than expected due to lower
earnings from many key commodities including rice whose
earnings declined 18 pct, maize 66 pct, sugar 45 pct, tin 26
pct and canned pineapples seven pct.
    Products registering high export growth were jewellery up
64 pct, clothing 57 pct and rubber 35 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14858>
Japan's Agriculture Ministry, angered by
U.S. Demands that Japan open its farm products market, will
tell U.S. Officials at talks later this month that
liberalisation would harm existing U.S. Farm exports to Japan,
a senior ministry official said.
    "Imports from the U.S. Would drop due to active sales drives
by other suppliers," the official, who declined to be named,
said. "Japan is the largest customer for U.S. Farm products and
it is not reasonable for the U.S. To demand Japan liberalise
its farm import market," he said.
    Agriculture Minister Mutsuki Kato has said if the U.S.
Insists Japan open its protected rice market it will also open
its wheat market, where volume and origin are regulated to
protect local farmers.
    Australia and Canada could then increase their wheat
exports as they are more competitive than the U.S., He said.
End-users would also buy other origins, grain traders said.
    U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng, who is due to
visit Japan for talks between April 16-27, has said he will ask
Japan to offer a share of its rice market to U.S. Suppliers and
remove quotas on U.S. Beef and citrus imports.
    Other countries are already cutting into the U.S. Market
share here. Australia, the largest beef supplier to Japan, has
been trying to boost exports prior to the expiry of a four-year
beef accord next March 31.
    Imports of U.S. Corn have fallen due to increased sales
from China and South America, while Japanese soybean imports
from Brazil are expected to rise sharply this year, although
the U.S. Will remain the largest supplier.
    U.S. Feedgrain sales will also drop if Japan opens up its
beef imports, since Japan depends almost entirely on feedgrain
imports, mainly from the U.S., Japanese officials said.
    An indication of the U.S. Position came last December when
Under Secretary of Agriculture Daniel Amstutz said Japan has
the potential to provide one of the largest boosts to U.S.
Agricultural exports, with the beef market alone representing
some one billion dlrs in new business.
    The U.S. Has also asked the General Agreement on Tariffs
and Trade to investigate the legality of Japanese import
controls on 12 other farm products, including fruit juices,
purees and pulp, tomato juice, ketchup and sauce, peanuts,
prepared beef products and miscellaneous beans.
    To help calm heated trade relations with the U.S., Japan's
top business group Keidanren has urged the government to remove
residual import restrictions on agricultural products.
    But Agriculture Minister Kato has ruled out any emotional
reaction, and the senior ministry official said the farm issue
should not become a scapegoat for trade pressure in the
industrial sector.
    "Japan is the largest buyer of U.S. Farm products, and these
issues should not be discussed on the same table," the official
said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15206>
The official in charge of
agricultural matters in the new round of global trade talks is
in Washington today and tomorrow to meet with congressional and
Reagan administration officials.
    Aart de Zeeuw, chairman of the General Agreement on Tariffs
and Trade's negotiating group on agriculture, met this morning
with members of the House Agriculture Committee.
    Committee sources said De Zeeuw expressed concern over
protectionism and high farm price supports. House lawmakers
noted that in 1985 the United States took steps to reduce loan
rates, committee staff said.
    "Members told him (De Zeeuw) that we lowered our (U.S.) loan
rates and can't eliminate subsidies unilaterally," one source
said.
    De Zeeuw was told of the U.S. lawmakers' frustration with
Japan's restrictive rice import policy, and members defended
the U.S. dairy policy, which aims to cut surplus production by
subsidizing producers to trim herds, sources said.
    Later today De Zeeuw will meet the Senate Agriculture
members and Undersecretary of State Affairs Allen Wallis.
    Tomorrow, De Zeeuw is to meet the House Ways and Means
Trade Subcommittee and the Senate Finance Committee, before
visiting Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng.
    De Zeeuw goes to Canada later this week. His trip to North
America is part of his attempt to meet farm policy leaders in
the key GATT member states.
    The negotiating group on agriculture held its first meeting
in February and is expected to meet again in May.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15367>
The Agriculture Ministry declined comment
on a local newspaper report that Japan had agreed to hold talks
on its closed rice market in the new GATT round.
    "We have no idea about the report and cannot comment," a
spokesman told Reuters.
    Nihon Keizai Shinbun, quoting unnamed government sources,
said Japan would tell U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng
and U.S. Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter of its
intentions. The two are due to visit Japan later this month for
farm talks.
    The U.S. Has been pressing Japan to discuss the rice issue
at the new round of General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
talks. But Japan has said GATT is not the right forum.
    Imports of rice to Japan are banned under the Foodstuff
Control Act.
    Nihon Keizai said Japan's plan resulted from worries about
mounting trade tension with the U.S. At the GATT talks, Japan
will try to persuade the U.S. That its rice policy is
justified, it said.
    The 93-nation world trade body began the Uruguay trade
round last September. It will take four years to negotiate.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15567>
India's national foodgrain target has
been fixed at 160 mln tonnes in 1987/88 (Apr-Mar), unchanged
from the 1986/87 target, the Agriculture Ministry said in its
annual report for 1986/87.
    Actual output was estimated at 151 mln tonnes in 1986/87
due to failure of monsoon rains in 15 out of 35 meterological
sub-divisions of the country.
    The report gave the targets for various crops with
estimated harvested crops in 1986/87 in brackets as following,
in mln tonnes - rice 65 (60), wheat 49 (49), coarse grains
including sorghum and millets 32 (29) and pulses 14 (13).
    Despite failure of monsoon rains in recent years, it was
possible to maintain higher foodgrain production, signifying
growing resilience in agricultural sector, the report said.
    The strategy for increasing irrigation potential along with
greater use of high yielding seed varieites and improvement in
fertiliser efficiency is yielding results, it said, adding
total foodgrain output in 1985/86, 1984/85 and 1983/84
respectively was 150.5 mln tonnes, 145.5 mln and a record 152.4
mln.
   India has targeted to produce between 178 and 183 mln tonnes
of foodgrains by the last year of the seventh five-year
development plan ending March 31, 1990.
    Taking the midpoint of 180 mln tonnes as the target and the
1986/87 estimated production of around 151 mln tonnes, the gap
of 29 mln tonnes has to be made up during the remaining three
years of the plan by increasing grain output annually by more
than nine mln tonnes. But the target can be achieved only with
good weather, the report said.
    "The major thrust programme will, therefore, be better water
(irrigation) management. Simultaneously, efforts for spread of
improved technology including timely use of inputs (farm
materials like fertilisers) in adequate quantities have to be
vigrously pursued," it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15871>
The U.S. Agriculture Department gave
the net change in export commitments, including sales,
cancellations, foreign purchases and cumulative exports, in the
current seasons through the week ended April 2, with
comparisons, as follows, in tonnes, except as noted --
                        4/2/87   Prev Week
            All Wheat   119,800    368,300
                 Corn 1,001,900    927,000
             Soybeans   240,500    300,900
         Soy Cake/Meal  117,700    170,200
          Soybean Oil     2,400-x    8,100
            Cotton-Y     60,200     31,900
   x-minus total. Y-running bales.
    The indicated totals include reported commitments to both
named and unnamed destinations, sales on exporters' own account
and optional origin sales plus actual exports already made
during the respective marketing seasons.
    The USDA cautions that reported outstanding sales are
subject to modification, deferral or cancellation and it is
unlikely that all reported quantities will be exported.
    USDA gave detailed breakdowns for the 1986/87 and 1987/88
seasons as follows, in thousand tonnes unless stated --
 (A) - Firm sales to a declared destination.
 (B) - Ultimate destination not yet declared.
 (C) - Sales made on exporters' own account.
 (D) - Exporter holds option to fill commitment with supplies 
from origins other than U.S.
 (E) - Accumulated exports since season began based on data 
reported by exporters.
 (F) - Indicated total for season.
 (G) - USDA-projected exports for season.
 Note -- Totals may not add due to rounding.
     ALL WHEAT
                1986/87             1987/88
             4/2/87   Prev Wk  4/3/87 Prev Wk
 Named-A    3,157.6   3,684.1 1,591.4 1,635.6
 Unnamed-B    143.8     144.3    87.1    57.1
 E.O.A.-C       9.5       9.5     nil     nil
 O.O.P.-D       nil       nil     nil     nil
 Gr Total   3,310.9   3,837.9 1,679.0 1,692.7
 Ay Expd-E 21,044.6  20,433.4
 Ind Ttl-F 24,355.5  24,271.3
 USDAPRJ-G 27,900.0  27,900.0
    SOYBEANS
                 1986/87            1987/88
             4/2/87   Prev Wk   4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A    1,774.7  1,780.3     215.9   215.9
 Unnamed-B    500.3    524.8       nil    30.0
 E.O.A.-C      18.4     18.4       nil     nil
 O.O.P.-D       nil      nil       nil     nil
 Gr Total   2,293.4  2,323.5     215.9   245.9
 Ay Expd-E 14,334.2 14,183.2
 Ind Ttl-F 16,627.6 16,506.7
 USDAPRJ-G 19,050.0 19,050.0
    CORN
                1986/87             1987/88
            4/2/87    Prev Wk    4/2/87 Prev WK
 Named-A    8,559.8   8,684.8    772.1   268.8
 Unnamed-B    945.7     920.1      nil     nil
 E.O.A-C       90.8      66.9      nil     nil
 O.O.P-D      138.0     175.0      nil     nil
 Gr Total   9,734.3   9,846.9    772.1   268.8
 Ay Expd-E 20,296.0  19,293.8
 Ind Ttl-F 30,030.3  29,140.7
 USDAPRJ-G 31,750.0  31,750.0
    SORGHUM
                1986/87            1987/88
             4/2/87  Prev Wk    4/2/87 Prev WK
 Named-A      875.6    805.1     nil      nil
 Unnamed-B    151.2    151.2     10.2-x   nil
 E.O.A-C        nil      nil     nil      nil
 O.O.P-D      114.5    138.3     nil      nil
 Gr Total   1,141.3  1,094.6     10.2-x   nil
 Ay Expd-E  3,222.5  3,149.7
 Ind Ttl-F  4,363.8  4,244.3
 USDAPRJ-G  5,720.0  5,720.0
 x-minus total 
    WHEAT PRODUCTS
               1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87  Prev Wk   4/2/87   Prev Wk
 Named-A     321.0   401.9       nil    nil
 Unnamed-B     nil     nil       nil    nil
 E.O.A.-C      nil     nil       nil    nil
 O.O.P.-D      nil     nil       nil    nil
 Gr Total    321.0   401.9       nil    nil
 Ay Expd-E   926.9   840.9
 Ind Ttl-F 1,348.2 1,242.8
  Note - Includes bulgur, semolina, farina, rolled, cracked and
crushed wheat.
    SOYBEAN OIL
               1986/87           1987/88
           4/2/87  Prev Wk    4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A      8.8    10.4      nil     nil
 Unnamed-B    7.0    10.5      nil     nil
 E.O.A-C      nil     nil      nil     nil
 O.O.P-D      nil     nil      nil     nil
 Gr Total    15.8    20.9      nil     nil
 Ay Expd-E  138.4   135.8
 Ind Ttl-F  154.2   156.7
 USDAPRJ-G  610.0   610.0
    SOYBEAN CAKE AND MEAL
                1986/87             1987/88
             4/2/87  Prev Wk    4/2/87 Prev Wk
 Named-A      788.0    869.7    50.7      48.4
 Unnamed-B     76.0     94.0     nil       nil
 E.O.A-C        2.7      6.1     nil       nil
 O.O.P-D        nil      nil     nil       nil
 Gr Total     866.7    969.8    50.7      48.4
 Ay Expd-E  4,098.0  3,880.6
 Ind Ttl-F  4,964.7  4,850.4
 USDAPRJ-G  5,760.0  5,760.0
     COTTONSEED OIL
               1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87  Prev Wk   4/2/87   Prev Wk
 Named-A      7.4     7.2       nil     nil
 Unnamed-B    0.3     0.3       nil     nil
 E.O.A.-C     nil     nil       nil     nil
 O.O.P.-D     7.8     7.8       nil     nil
 Gr Total    15.4    15.2       nil     nil
    ALL UPLAND DOMESTIC RAW COTTON-Y
                1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87    Prev Wk   4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A    2,007.9  2,076.1     468.2   457.2
 Unnamed-B     20.3     20.2       nil     nil
 E.O.A-C        nil      nil       nil     nil
 O.O.P-C        nil      nil       nil     nil
 Gr Total   2,028.2  2,096.3     468.2   457.2
 Ay Expd-E  4,333.1  4,204.7
 Ind Ttl-F  6,361.3  6,301.0
 USDAPRJ-G  6,335.0  6,335.0
  Y-In thousand running bales.
    BARLEY
                 1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87   Prev Wk     4/2/87 Prev Wk
 Named-A      559.5    584.5      nil      nil
 Unnamed-B     12.7     12.7      nil      nil
 E.O.A.-C       nil      nil      nil      nil
 O.O.P.-D      25.0     25.0      nil      nil
 Gr Total     597.1    622.1      nil      nil
 Ay Expt-E  2,464.6  2,440.7
 Ind Ttl-F  3,061.7  3,062.8
 USDAPRJ-G  3,270.0  3,270.0
    OATS
             1986/87            1987/88
           4/2/87 Prev Wk    4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A     nil    nil       nil    nil
 Unnamed-B   nil    nil       nil    nil
 E.O.A.-C    nil    nil       nil    nil
 O.O.P.-D    nil    nil       nil    nil
 Gr Total    nil    nil       nil    nil
 Ay Expd-E   2.4    2.4
 Ind Ttl-F   2.4    2.4
 USDAPRJ-G  30.0   30.0
    RICE
                1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87   Prev Wk    4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A      347.6    369.1      nil     nil
 Unnamed-B      1.0      1.0      nil     nil
 E.O.A-C        nil      nil      nil     nil
 O.O.P-D        nil      nil      nil     nil
 Gr Total     348.6    370.1      nil     nil
 Ay Expd-E  1,718.8  1,688.2
 Ind Ttl-F  2,067.4  2,058.3
 USDAPRJ-G  2,580.0  2,580.0
    HARD RED WINTER WHEAT
               1986/87            1987/88
           4/2/87   Prev Wk     4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A   1,738.0  2,019.7     893.0   943.0
 Unnamed-B    80.5     70.5     107.6    77.2
 E.O.A.-C      nil      nil       nil     nil
 O.O.P.-D      nil      nil       nil     nil
 Gr Total  1,818.5  2,090.2   1,000.6 1,020.2
 Ay Exp-E  8,332.1  7,974.5
 Ind Tl-F 10,150.6 10,064.8
    WHITE WHEAT
               1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87  Prev Wk    4/2/87   Prev Wk
 Named-A     548.5    635.6     58.0    58.0
 Unnamed-B    19.0-x   19.0-x    6.0-x   6.0-x
 E.O.A.-C      nil      nil      nil     nil
 O.O.P.-D      nil      nil      nil     nil
 Gr Total    529.5    616.6     52.0    52.0
 Ay Exp-E  3,831.5  3,757.7
 Ind Tl-F  4,361.0  4,374.3
  x - denotes minus figure
    HARD RED SPRING WHEAT
              1986/87             1987/88
          4/2/87   Prev Wk    4/2/87   Prev Wk
 Named-A    576.6    620.6    164.7   164.7
 Unnamed-B   29.6     16.0      nil     nil
 E.O.A.-C     0.9      0.9      nil     nil
 O.O.P.-D     nil      nil      nil     nil
 Gr Total   607.1    637.5    164.7   164.7
 Ay Exp-E 4,312.4  4,247.6
 Ind Tl-F 4,919.5  4,885.1
     DURUM WHEAT
              1986/87              1987/88
           4/2/87   Prev Wk    4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A    166.6    280.3      93.4   93.4
 Unnamed-B   52.8     76.9       nil    nil
 E.O.A.-C     2.8      2.8       nil    nil
 O.O.P.-D     nil      nil       nil    nil
 Gr Total   222.2    360.0      93.4   93.4
 Ay Exp-E 1,842.6  1,727.5
 Ind Tl-F 2,064.8  2,087.5
    SOFT RED WINTER WHEAT
               1986/87             1987/88
            4/2/87  Prev Wk     4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A     127.8    127.8    382.3   376.5
 Unnamed-B     nil      nil     14.0-x  14.0-x
 E.O.A.-C      5.8      5.8      nil     nil
 O.O.P.-D      nil      nil      nil     nil
 Gr Total    133.6    133.6    368.3   362.5
 Ay Exp-E  2,726.0  2,726.0
 Ind Tl-F  2,859.6  2,859.6
 x-minus figure
    Country and destinations of the identified sales of
commodities reported by exporters in week ended April 2 for
the respective marketing seasons were detailed by the USDA as
follows, with comparisons for the previous week, in thousands
of tonnes, except where noted-- 
 ALL WHEAT  
               1986/87             1987/88
             4/2/87  Prev Wk   4/2/87   Prev Wk
 E.C.          nil     nil      50.0    50.0
 Other West
 Europe      218.8   236.8       nil     nil
 East Europe 261.0   346.0      25.0    25.0
    ALL WHEAT Continued
                 1986/87            1987/88
             4/2/87  Prev Wk    4/2/87  Prev Wk
 USSR           nil      nil      nil     nil
 Japan        490.4    662.2      nil     nil
 China         90.0     90.0    910.0   910.0
 Taiwan       115.0    141.0    144.0   144.0
 Other Asia and
 Oceania      654.9    730.9     28.6    78.6
 Africa       959.5  1,115.0    167.1   167.1
 Western
 Hemisphere   367.9    362.1    266.7   260.9
 SOYBEANS        1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87   Prev Wk   4/2/87   Prev Wk
 E.C.        302.2     317.7    91.4     91.4
 Other West
 Europe       25.0      25.0     nil      nil
 East Europe 101.0     101.0     nil      nil
 Japan       355.4     330.5     nil      nil
 China         nil       nil     nil      nil
 Taiwan      472.0     499.0    87.0     87.0
 Other Asia and
 Oceania     164.6     187.7     nil      nil
 Africa        nil       nil     nil      nil
 Western
 Hemisphere  354.4     391.5     37.5    37.5
    SOYBEAN OIL
             1986/87           1987/88
          4/2/87  Prev Wk    4/2/87  Prev Wk
 E.C.        1.5     1.5      nil     nil
 India       nil     nil      nil     nil
 Other Asia and
 Oceania     nil     nil      nil     nil
 Africa      nil     nil      nil     nil
 Western
 Hemisphere  7.3     8.9      nil     nil
    SOYBEAN CAKE/MEAL
                 1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87   Prev Wk   4/2/87   Prev Wk
 E.C.        301.7   350.7     47.2   45.0
 Other West
 Europe        nil     nil      nil    nil
 East Europe   nil    36.0      nil    nil
 Japan         nil     3.5      nil    nil
 Other Asia and
 Oceania      25.0    40.0      nil    nil
 Africa       30.2    38.0      nil    nil
 Western
 Hemisphere  431.0   401.5      3.4    3.4
    CORN         1986/87            1987/88
              4/2/87   Prev Wk   4/2/87  Prev Wk
 E.C.           82.5     22.5       0.2     0.2
 Other West
 Europe          nil      0.8       nil     nil
 E. Europe      94.0     50.0      50.0    50.0
 USSR        2,432.7  2,543.8       nil     nil
 Japan       2,767.4  2,787.8      52.4    21.0
 China         495.0    555.0       nil     nil
 Taiwan        791.0    836.0     390.0   170.0
 Other Asia and
 Oceania       721.7    615.2     250.0     nil
 Africa        125.0    195.5       nil     nil
 WestHem     1,050.5  1,114.0      29.4    27.6
    UPLAND COTTON (In thousand bales)
               1986/87             1987/88
            4/2/87  Prev Wk     4/2/87 Prev Wk
 E.C.        260.9    266.1     97.9    95.0
 Other West
 Europe       62.2     66.2      8.7     8.7
 E. Europe     3.1      3.1      nil     nil
 Japan       445.8    484.1     72.3    70.1
 Taiwan      377.9    390.4     41.6    39.5
 Other Asia and
 Oceania     741.7    783.4    244.5   241.1
 Africa       16.7     13.4      nil     nil
 Western
 Hemisphere   99.6     69.5      3.2     2.7
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15875>
The U.S. Agriculture Department made
the following supply/demand projections for the 1986/87
seasons, in mln bushels, with comparisons, unless noted --
    CORN --     1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Acreage (mln acres) --
     Planted   76.7    76.7     83.4    83.4
   Harvested   69.2    69.2     75.2    75.2
  Yield (bu)  119.3   119.3    118.0   118.0
 Supply (mln bu) -- 
 Start Stock  4,040   4,040    1,648   1,648
  Production  8,253   8,253    8,877   8,877
     Total-X 12,295  12,295   10,536  10,536
  X-Includes imports.
    CORN (cont.)
                 1986/87           1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Usage: Feed  4,500    4,300     4,095    4,126
       Other  1,180    1,150     1,160    1,129
  Ttl Domest  5,680    5,450     5,255    5,255
     Exports  1,375    1,250     1,241    1,241
   Total Use  7,055    6,700     6,496    6,496
  End Stocks  5,240    5,595     4,040    4,040
 Farmer Reser 1,400    1,300       564      564
  CCC Stocks  1,700    1,500       546      546
 Free Stocks  2,140    2,795     2,930    2,930
  AvgPrice  1.35-1.65  1.35-1.65  2.23     2.23
  Note - Price in dlrs per bu. Corn season begins Sept 1.
    ALL WHEAT -
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Acreage (mln acres) --
     Planted   72.0    72.0     75.6    75.6
   Harvested   60.7    60.7     64.7    64.7
       Yield   34.4    34.4     37.5    37.5
 Supply (mln bu) --
 Start Stcks  1,905   1,905    1,425   1,425
  Production  2,087   2,087    2,425   2,425
       Total
    Supply-X  4,007   4,007    3,865   3,865
 X - Includes imports.
    ALL WHEAT   1986/87            1985/86
 (cont.)   04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Usage: Food    700    690       678    678
        Seed     84     90        93     93
        Feed    350    325       274    274
  Ttl Domest  1,134  1,105     1,045  1,045
     Exports  1,025  1,025       915    915
   Total Use  2,159  2,130     1,960  1,960
  End Stocks  1,848  1,877     1,905  1,905
 Farmer Reser   475    450       433    433
  CCC Stocks    950    950       602    602
 Free Stocks    423    477       870    870
  Avg Price  2.30-40  2.30-40   3.08   3.08
 Note - Price in dlrs per bushel. Wheat season begins June 1.
    SOYBEANS -
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Acreage (mln acres) --
      Planted   61.5   61.5     63.1   61.1
    Harvested   59.4   59.4     61.6   61.6
   Yield (bu)   33.8   33.8     34.1   34.1
 Supply (mln bu) --
 Start Stocks    536    536      316    316
   Production  2,007  2,007    2,099  2,099
        Total  2,543  2,543    2,415  2,415
    SOYBEANS (cont.)
               1986/87             1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87   04/09/87 03/09/87
      Usage --
  Crushings  1,130   1,115      1,053   1,053
    Exports    700     700        740     740
 Seed, Feed and
   Residual    103      93         86      86
  Total Use  1,933   1,908      1,879   1,879
 End Stocks    610     635        536     536
 Avg Price 4.60-4.80 4.60-4.80   5.05    5.05
 Note - Average price in dlrs per bushel. Soybean season begins
June 1.
    FEEDGRAINS - X
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Acreage (mln acres) --
      Planted  119.8   119.8     128.1   128.1
    Harvested  102.0   102.0     111.8   111.8
 Yld (tonnes)   2.48    2.48      2.45    2.45
 Supply (mln tonnes) --
 Start Stocks  126.4   126.4      57.5    57.5
   Production  252.4   252.4     274.4   274.4
      Imports    0.6     0.6       0.9     0.9
        Total  379.4   379.4     332.7   332.7
 X - Includes corn, sorghum, barley, oats.
    FEEDGRAINS - X (cont.)
                 1986/87          1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Usage: Feed  140.6   136.2     134.8   135.5
       Other   35.8    35.0      35.0    34.3
  Ttl Domest  176.4   171.2     169.8   169.8
     Exports   43.9    40.8      36.6    36.6
   Total Use  220.3   211.9     206.4   206.4
  End Stocks  159.1   167.5     126.4   126.4
 Farmer Reser  39.0    36.5      16.6    16.6
  CCC Stocks   55.2    49.5      20.4    20.4
 Free Stocks   64.8    81.5      89.3    89.3
 X - Includes corn, sorghum, oats, barley. Seasons for oats,
barley began June 1, corn and sorghum Sept 1.
    SOYBEAN OIL -
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Supply (mln lbs) --
 Start Stcks     947     947       632     632
  Production  12,263  12,103    11,617  11,617
     Imports     Nil     Nil         8       8
       Total  13,210  13,050    12,257  12,257
 Note - 1985/86 production estimates based on October year
crush of 1,060 mln bushels.
    SOYBEAN OIL (cont.) -
               1986/87             1985/86
          04/09/87  03/09/87  04/09/87  03/09/87
 Usage (mln lbs) --
  Domestic  10,500    10,500    10,053   10,053
   Exports   1,350     1,350     1,257    1,257
     Total  11,850    11,850    11,310   11,310
 End Stcks   1,360     1,200       947      947
 AvgPrice  14.5-16.0  15.0-17.0  18.00    18.00
 Note - Average price in cents per lb. Season for soybean oil
begins Oct 1.
    SOYBEAN CAKE/MEAL, in thousand short tons --
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks     212     212       387     387
  Production  26,558  26,203    24,951  24,951
       Total  26,770  26,415    25,338  25,338
 Note - 1985/86 production estimates based on October year
crush of 1,060 mln bushels.
    SOY CAKE/MEAL (cont.) -
               1986/87            1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Usage (thous short tons) --
  Domestic   20,000  19,750    19,090  19,118
   Exports    6,500   6,350     6,036   6,008
     Total   26,500  26,100    25,126  25,126
 End Stcks      270     315       212     212
  AvgPrice  145-150  145-150   154.90  154.90
  Note - Price in dlrs per short ton. Season for soybean cake
and meal begins Oct 1.
    COTTON --
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Area (mln acres) --
      Planted  10.06   10.06     10.68   10.68
    Harvested   8.49    8.49     10.23   10.23
  Yield (lbs)    549     553       630     630
 Supply (mln 480-lb bales) --
 Start Stks-X   9.35    9.35      4.10    4.10
   Production   9.70    9.79     13.43   13.43
 Ttl Supply-Y  19.06   19.14     17.57   17.57
  X - Based on Census Bureau data. Y - Includes imports.
    COTTON (cont.) -
               1986/87           1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
   Usage --
   Domestic   7.10    7.01     6.40    6.40
    Exports   6.66    6.76     1.96    1.96
      Total  13.76   13.77     8.36    8.36
 End Stocks   5.40    5.49     9.35    9.35
 Avge Price  51.7-X  51.7-X   56.50   56.50
 X - 1986/87 price is weighted average for first five months of
marketing year, not a projection for 1986/87. Average price in
cents per lb. Cotton season begins August 1.
    RICE
               1986/87            1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Acreage (mln acres) --
     Planted   2.40    2.40      2.51    2.51
   Harvested   2.38    2.38      2.49    2.49
 Yield (lbs)  5,648   5,648     5,414   5,414
 Supply (mln cwts) --
 Start Stcks   77.3    77.3      64.7    64.7
  Production  134.4   134.4     134.9   134.9
     Imports    2.2     2.2       2.2     2.2
       Total  213.9   213.9     201.8   201.8
    RICE (cont.)
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Usage (mln cwts) --
    Domestic   67.0    67.0      65.8    65.8
     Exports   80.0    80.0      58.7    58.7
     Total-Y  147.0   147.0     124.5   124.5
  End Stocks   66.9    66.9      77.3    77.3
  CCC Stocks   42.9    42.9      41.5    41.5
 Free Stocks   24.0    24.0      35.8    35.8
   AvgPrice 3.45-4.25 3.45-4.25  6.53    6.53
 Note - Average price in dlrs per CWT. Y-Rough equivalent.
N.A.-Not Available, USDA revising price definition due to
marketing loan. Rice season begins August 1.
    SORGHUM
               1986/87            1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
  Yield (bu)  67.7    67.7     66.8    66.8
 Supply (mln bu) --
 Start Stcks   551     551      300     300
  Production   942     942    1,120   1,120
       Total 1,493   1,493    1,420   1,420
  Usage (mln bu) --
        Feed   550     575      662     662
       Other    30      30       29      29
  Ttl Domest   580     605      691     691
    SORGHUM (cont.) -
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
    Exports     225     225       178     178
  Total Use     805     830       869     869
 End Stocks     688     663       551     551
 Avge Price  1.30-50  1.30-50    1.93    1.93
 Note - Price in dlrs per bushel. Sorghum season begins Sept 1.
    BARLEY
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
   Yield (bu)  50.8    50.8      51.0    51.0
 Start Stocks   325     325       247     247
   Production   610     610       591     591
      Imports     5       5         9       9
        Total   941     941       847     847
    BARLEY (cont.)
             1986/87            1985/86
        04/09/87 03/15/87  04/09/87 03/15/87
 Usage (mln bu) --
       Feed  300    300       333    333
      Other  175    175       167    167
 Ttl Domest  475    475       500    500
    Exports  150    150        22     22
  Total Use  625    625       522    522
 End Stocks  316    316       325    325
  AvgPrice 1.45-65  1.45-65  1.98   1.98
 Note - Average price in dlrs per bushel. Barley season begins
June 1.
    OATS - in mln bushels
               1986/87            1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
  Yield (bu)  56.0   56.0      63.7   63.7
 Start Stcks   184    184       180    180
  Production   385    385       521    521
     Imports    30     30        28     28
       Total   598    598       729    729
    OATS, in mln bushels (cont.)
              1986/87             1985/86
         04/09/87 03/09/87   04/09/87 03/09/87
     Usage --
      Feed   400     400       460     460
     Other    85      85        83      83
 Ttl Domes   485     485       543     543
   Exports     2       2         2       2
     Total   487     487       545     545
 End Stcks   111     111       184     184
 AvgPrice 1.00-20  1.00-20    1.23    1.23
  Note - Average price in dlrs per bushel. Oats season begins
June 1.
    LONG GRAIN RICE, in mln CWTs (100 lbs) --
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
   Harvested --
 Acres (mln)   1.83    1.83     1.94    1.94
 Yield (lbs)  5,358   5,358    5,168   5,168
  Start Stks   49.3    49.3     37.7    37.7
  Production   97.8    97.8    100.4   100.4
  Ttl Supply  148.6   148.6    140.1   140.1
 Note -- Starting Stocks does not include broken kernels --
Supply minus use does not equal ending stocks in breakdowns.
Total Supply includes imports but not broken kernels.
    LONG GRAIN RICE, in mln CWTs (100 lbs), cont. --
                 1986/87           1985/86
            04/09/87 03/09/87 04/09/87 03/09/87
 Domestic Use   43.0    43.0      48.8    48.8
      Exports   65.0    60.0      42.0    42.0
    Total Use  108.0   103.0      90.8    90.8
 End Stocks-X   40.6    45.6      49.3    49.3
    AvgPric 3.45-4.25 3.45-4.24   6.86    6.86
 Note - Average price in dlrs per cwt. X-Broken kernels not
included -- supply minus use does not equal ending stocks in
breakdowns. Rice season begins August 1.
    MEDIUM, SHORT GRAIN RICE - in mln CWTs (100 lbs) --
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
   Harvested --
 Acres (mln)   0.55    0.55     0.55    0.55
 Yield (lbs)  6,651   6,651    6,258   6,258
  Start Stks   26.7    26.7     25.7    25.7
  Production   36.6    36.6     34.5    34.5
  Ttl Supply   65.3    65.3     61.7    61.7
 Note -- Starting Stocks does not include broken kernels --
Supply minus use does not equal ending stocks in breakdowns.
Total Supply includes imports but not broken kernels.
    MEDIUM, SHORT GRAIN RICE, in mln CWTs (100 lbs), cont. --
                 1986/87          1985/86
            04/09/87 03/09/87 04/09/87 03/09/87
 Domestic Use   24.0    24.0      17.0    17.0
      Exports   15.0    20.0      16.7    16.7
    Total Use   39.0    44.0      33.7    33.7
 End Stocks-X   24.5    19.5      26.7    26.7
    AvgPric 3.45-4.25  3.45-4.25  5.91    5.91
 Note - Average price in dlrs per CWT. X-Broken kernels not
included - supply minus use does not equal ending stocks in
breakdowns. Rice season begins August 1.
    NOTES ON U.S. SUPPLY/DEMAND TABLES
    -- N.A. - Not available.
    -- Totals may not add due to rounding.
    -- Figures for 1986/87 are midpoint of USDA range.
    -- Feed usage for corn, wheat, soybean, feedgrains,
sorghum, barley, oats includes residual amount.
    -- Residual amount included in rice and medium/short grain
rice domestic usage.
    -- Rice, long grain, and medium/short grain rice average
price for 1985/86 estimates and 1986/87 projections are market
prices and exclude cash retained under the marketing loan since
April, 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15906>
The U.S. Agriculture Department made
the following 1986/87 projections in its world Supply/Demand
report, with comparisons, in mln tonnes, except where noted --
    Total World Grain
               1986/87            1985/86
         04/09/87  03/09/87  04/09/87  03/09/87
 Produc  1,682.31  1,686.11  1,663.69  1,663.70
 Total
 Supply  2,025.71  2,028.45  1,919.18  1,920.13
 Trade-X   212.15    211.89    204.42    203.92
 Usage   1,635.01  1,630.40  1,575.78  1,577.79
 End Stks  390.70    398.05    343.40    342.34
 X-Based on export estimate.
    All Wheat    1986/87           1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stks  137.05   136.48   125.54   125.87
 Production  529.20   528.40   498.97   498.81
 Imports      97.57    98.27    94.56    94.36
 Feed Use    101.79   100.82    90.19    90.56
 Total Domes 517.26   514.89   487.45   488.20
 Exports     101.08   101.20    95.92    95.76
 End Stocks  148.99   149.99   137.05   136.48
  Note - World imports/exports may not balance due to differing
marketing years, grains in transit and reporting discrepancies.
    Coarse Grain
                1986/87           1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks 181.64  181.10    107.80  108.40
 Production  835.21  838.82    844.60  844.84
 Imports      95.66   93.77     95.70   95.18
 Feed Use    514.07  510.20    510.20  510.80
 Total Domes 796.33  793.64    770.76  772.14
 Exports      98.97   98.47     96.02   95.76
 End Stocks  220.52  226.28    181.64  181.10
  Note - World imports/exports may not balance due to differing
marketing years, grain in transit and reporting discrepancies.
    Corn (Mln Tonnes)
                1986/87           1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks 123.08  123.11     61.09   61.75
 Production  477.26  480.29    481.86  481.92
 Imports      61.03   58.59     62.12   62.08
 Feed Use    295.49  289.47    286.53  287.42
 Ttl Domes   444.78  439.80    419.88  420.55
 Exports      62.80   62.10     62.53   62.15
 End Stocks  155.56  163.61    123.08  123.11
  Note - World imports/exports may not balance due to differing
marketing years, grain in transit and reporting discrepancies.

    Soybeans
                1986/87           1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks  23.03   22.84    17.59   17.58
 Production   99.98   99.43    96.74   96.53
 Imports      26.21   26.27    27.08   27.08
 Crushings    79.69   79.33    76.16   76.15
 Ttl Domes    97.53   96.40    92.36   92.34
 Exports      26.45   26.43    26.02   26.01
 End Stocks   25.23   25.71    23.03   22.84
  Note - Imports and exports do not balance due to differing
marketing years and time lags between reported exports and
imports.
    Soybean Meal
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stocks  2.55    2.47     2.79    2.74
 Production   62.71   62.40    60.09   60.09
 Imports      23.47   23.49    23.48   23.47
 Consumption  62.69   62.49    61.06   61.10
 Exports      23.51   23.39    22.76   22.74
 End Stocks    2.52    2.47     2.55    2.47
  Note - Imports and exports may not balance due to differing
marketing years and time lags between reported exports and
imports.
    Soybean Oil
                1986/87          1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stocks  1.61   1.51       1.37   1.36
 Production   14.20  14.13      13.65  13.66
 Imports       3.31   3.29       3.08   3.05
 Consumption  14.02  14.03      13.33  13.40
 Exports       3.33   3.35       3.15   3.16
 End Stocks    1.78   1.54       1.61   1.51
   Note - Imports and exports do not balance due to differing
marketing years and time lags between reported exports and
imports.
    Cotton (Mln Bales)
               1986/87          1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks 45.87   48.14    42.70   43.11
 Production  69.53   69.66    78.94   78.92
 Imports     23.07   23.07    21.49   21.45
 Mill Use    80.72   77.08    76.84   74.79
 Exports     23.37   23.50    20.25   20.28
 End Stocks  34.16   39.99    45.87   48.14
  Note - Imports and exports may not balance due to cotton in
transit and reporting discrepancies in some countries.
    Rice (Milled Basis)
                1986/87          1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stocks 24.71   24.75     22.16   22.16
 Production  317.90  318.90    320.12  320.05
 Imports      10.56   10.63     11.68   11.70
 Dom. Use    321.41  321.87    317.58  317.46
 Exports      12.11   12.22     12.49   12.39
 End Stocks   21.19   21.78     24.71   24.75
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15928>
The U.S. Agriculture Department
detailed rice supply/demand milled-basis data for Thailand, the
world's major rice exporter, as follows in mln tonnes --       
        1986/87            1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks  1.32   1.33       1.46   1.46
 Production  11.88  12.14      13.00  13.00
 Imports       NIL    NIL        NIL    NIL
 Domes Use    8.73   8.73       8.80   8.80
 Exports      3.70   3.70       4.34   4.34
 End Stocks   0.77   1.04       1.32   1.33
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16079>
Thailand exported 56,652 tonnes of rice
in the week ended April 7, down from 75,160 tonnes the previous
week, the Commerce Ministry said.
    It said the government and private exporters shipped 41,607
and 15,045 tonnes respectively.
    Private exporters concluded advance weekly sales for 48,062
tonnes against 22,086 tonnes the previous week.
    Thailand exported 1.29 mln tonnes of rice so far in 1987,
down from 1.39 mln tonnes a year ago.
    It has commitments to export a further 353,045 tonnes this
year.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16099>
A prolonged dry spell has damaged
111,350 hectares of rice and corn plantations in 10 provinces
in the central and southern Philippines, agriculture officials
said.
    They said some 71,070 tonnes of agricultural produce
estimated at about 250 mln pesos was lost to the lack of
rainfall. They warned of a severe drought if the prevailing
conditions continued until next month.
    Agriculture Secretary Carlos Dominguez said he hoped the
losses would be offset by the expected increase in output in
other, normally more productive areas not affected by the dry
spell.
    Affected were 14,030 hectares of palay (unmilled rice),
representing a production loss of 22,250 tonnes valued at 77.8
mln pesos, Department of Agriculture reports said.
    About 48,820 tonnes of corn from 97,320 hectares valued at
170.8 mln pesos have also been lost, they said.
    Officials said the hectarage planted to palay that has been
hit by the drought accounted for only one pct of national total
thus the damage is considered negligible.
    In the case of corn, they said the loss can be filled by
production from non-traditional corn farms which diversified
into the cash crop from sugar two years ago.
     The Philippine Coconut Authority said coconut production
in the major producing region of Bicol might drop by 25 pct to
320,000 tonnes if the dry spell continued. There were no
reports of actual damage.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16147>
China has raised the state purchase
prices of corn, rice, cottonseed and shelled peanuts from April
1 to encourage farmers to grow them, the official China
Commercial Daily said.
    The paper said the price paid for corn from 14 northern
provinces, cities and regions has increased by one yuan per 50
kg. A foreign agricultural expert said the rise will take the
price to 17 fen per jin (0.5 kg) from 16 fen.
    The paper said the price for long-grained rice from 10
southern provinces and cities was raised by 1.5 yuan per 50 kg.
    The paper said the price for round-grained rice from 11
provinces, regions and cities in central, east and northwest
China has been increased by 1.75 yuan per 50 kg. It gave no
more price details.
    It said local authorities must inform farmers of the price
increases before farmers begin planting, to encourage
production of grains and oilseeds.
    Chinese officials have said farmers are unwilling to grow
grain because they can earn more from other crops.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16601>
The Commodity Credit Corporation,
CCC, has authorized 3.0 mln dlrs in credit guarantees for sales
of U.S. rice to Algeria for fiscal year 1987 under the Export
Credit Guarantee Program, GSM-102, the U.S. Agriculture
Department said.
    The additional guarantees increase the cumulative fiscal
year 1987 program for sales of U.S. agricultural products to
Algeria to 469.0 mln dlrs.
    To be eligible for the credit guarantee coverage, all sales
under the new line must be registered and exported by September
30, 1987, the department aid.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16784>
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng
opens talks with Japanese government officials today well aware
his demand for the opening of Japanese rice, beef and citrus
markets is likely to be rejected.
     But in an interview with Reuters during the flight to
Tokyo yesterday, Lyng said the goal of his trip was to throw an
international spotlight on Japan's agricultural import
protection in the hope pressure would build on Tokyo to open
its markets.
    "(The Japanese) have said they are happy we are coming, but
they are not going to give us anything," Lyng said.
    U.S. Officials do not expect any Japanese concessions
during Lyng's two-week visit here. Any farm trade concessions
would be unveiled later this month, they said.
    "If there is anything of consequence to offer (Prime
Minister Yasuhiro) Nakasone would take it with him," when he
visits Washington later in the month, one U.S. Official said.
    Lyng plans to ask Japan to open the door to rice imports by
partially lifting the longstanding ban on foreign purchases.
    A private U.S. Rice trader visited Tokyo last week
requesting Japan buy 200,000 tonnes of rice for industrial uses
such as making sake. Japan has rejected the overture, saying
Tokyo maintains a policy of self-sufficiency in rice.
    Lyng will also press Japan to eliminate an import quota for
beef by April 1988 because he believes Japanese consumers would
like to buy much more beef than currently allowed.
    He cited the example of a California company which
transports live U.S. Cattle to Japan by air for slaughter to
circumvent the beef quota. The cost of transport is higher than
the value of the animal, he said.
    U.S. Officials said the Japan Livestock Industry Promotion
Corporation which regulates beef imports, was forced to borrow
from the fiscal 1987 quota earlier this year because the 1986
quota was exhausted and Japanese beef prices were rising. Japan
has said it cannot open its markets to beef imports.
    Along with beef, the U.S. Will also press Japan to
eliminate import quotas on fresh oranges and orange juice by
April, 1988. Some U.S. Officials believe Japan may eventually
be willing to scrap the quota on fresh oranges because
liberalized trade would not necessarily damage the Japanese
mandarin orange industry.
    The quota on juice may be harder to eliminate because
imports might replace domestic produced juice, U.S. And
Japanese officials have said.
   Lyng has resurrected a past U.S. Proposal that Japan buy
surplus U.S. Foodgrains for donation to developing countries,
but some U.S. Officials are skeptical action will be taken.
   Lyng will also urge Japan to put its domestic farm policies,
including rice, on the negotiating table during GATT talks in
Geneva. He said Japan must eliminate import quotas on certain
minor food products or face possible U.S. Reprisals.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17962>
Fiji today welcomed the ending of a trade
ban imposed by Australian labor unions as supporters of the
country's ousted prime minister Timoci Bavadra renewed pressure
for his reinstatement with strikes and shop closures.
    The government welcomed a decision by the Australian
Waterside Workers' Federation to lift its ban on shipments to
Fiji, imposed in support of Bavadra, whose newly-elected
government was overthrown in a military coup on May 14.
    The ban had threatened food shortages of imported wheat,
fresh vegetables and medicines. A direct result of the union
decision would be the immediate shipment of 9,000 tons of rice
and wheat from an Australian port, the government said.
    Shops in Nadi and Lautoka, center of the country's sugar
industry, closed again today in support of Bavadra.
    In Nadi two bomb threats forced evacuation of the
Australian Westpac bank, but police said they turned out to be
a hoax. Bavadra has launched a campaign of civil disobedience
to press for his reinstatement.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18609>
Indonesia rejected World Bank
recommendations for sweeping reforms to its farm economy, as
the country's foreign aid donors met to consider giving it 2.5
billion dlrs in grants and soft loans.
    Agriculture Minister Achmad Affandi, in written remarks
distributed today as Indonesia's 14 foreign donor nations met
at The Hague, said, "The general argument presented by the Bank
for this free trade, open economy view is weak."
    The Bank called for overhauls in how Indonesia manages the
largest farm area in South-east Asia, and said agricultural
growth was stagnating under subsisides for rice farming.
    The Bank report said Indonesia's rice production had peaked
and the subsidies are a waste of money.
    Affandi replied that rice is the main staple and provides
an income for 17 pct of the workforce. The subsidies were
needed to support the fertilizer industry, including importers,
exporters, producers and distributors, he said, as well as
assisting in small part the majority of Indonesian farmers.
    Affandi agreed with a bank recommendation that farmers
should be free to choose their own crops, but he said the
government would continue to maintain production targets for
"strategic commodities" such as rice and sugar.
    The Bank report was especially critical of Indonesia's
drive to plant sugar, saying domestic sugar prices are double
the world average because of inefficiencies, and the country
would save money by importing the commodity.
    However, Affandi said volatile world sugar prices, the need
to save foreign exchange and an already up-and-running sugar
industry were good arguments for continuing the sugar drive.
    He also said import barriers and trade monopolies in the
agricultural sector were needed to help domestic industry
develop and because of "over-production and price intervention
in the developed nations."
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18642>
Indonesia rejected World Bank
recommendations for sweeping reforms to its farm economy, as
the country's foreign aid donors met to consider giving it 2.5
billion dlrs in grants and soft loans.
    Agriculture Minister Achmad Affandi, in written remarks
distributed today as Indonesia's 14 foreign donor nations met
at The Hague, said, "The general argument presented by the Bank
for this free trade, open economy view is weak."
    The Bank called for overhauls in how Indonesia manages the
largest farm area in South-east Asia, and said agricultural
growth was stagnating under subsidies for rice farming.
    The Bank report said Indonesia's rice production had peaked
and the subsidies are a waste of money.
    Affandi replied that rice is the main staple and provides
an income for 17 pct of the workforce. The subsidies were
needed to support the fertilizer industry, including importers,
exporters, producers and distributors, he said, as well as
assisting in small part the majority of Indonesian farmers.
    Affandi agreed with a bank recommendation that farmers
should be free to choose their own crops, but he said the
government would continue to maintain production targets for
"strategic commodities" such as rice and sugar.
    The Bank report was especially critical of Indonesia's
drive to plant sugar, saying domestic sugar prices are double
the world average because of inefficiencies, and the country
would save money by importing the commodity.
    However, Affandi said volatile world sugar prices, the need
to save foreign exchange and an already up-and-running sugar
industry were good arguments for continuing the sugar drive.
    He also said import barriers and trade monopolies in the
agricultural sector were needed to help domestic industry
develop and because of "over-production and price intervention
in the developed nations."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19059>
The government should cut its consumer
rice price if the official producer price is reduced next
month, Tetsuo Kondo, director general of the government's
Economic Planning Agency (EPA), told reporters.
    Kondo said after a cabinet meeting that consumers should
receive the benefits of the falling costs of rice farming due
to the strong yen and lower oil prices.
    Agriculture Ministry sources said the producer rice price
paid to rice farmers would be cut after discussions by the Rice
Price Council, an advisory body to the ministry, on July 1 and
2. The consumer rice price is usually set in December.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19165>
Ghana has lifted a ban on rice and maize
imports due to crop problems caused by unusually dry weather,
the official Ghana News Agency (GNA) reported today.
    Secretary for Finance and Economic Planning Kwesi Botchwey
made the announcement last night while accepting 7,891 tonnes
of rice worth about four mln dlrs under a Japanese food aid
programme.
    The lifting of the ban, imposed earlier this year, follows
government concern over "lower than average rainfall in southern
Ghana and its implications for the major harvest."
    Botchwey said rain has been lacking in major cereal growing
areas throughout the south this year. The Ministry of
Agriculture has predicted a fall of at least 25 pct in all
major staple crops including maize, rice and cassava.
    GNA quoted Botchwey as saying that while the consequences
of current reduced rainfall will be nowhere near the drought
experiences of 1982/83 the government has taken steps to
alleviate anticipated food production shortfalls.
    The failure of seasonal rains has already seriously
affected drinking water supplies, farming and fishing in parts
of the Central and Volta regions of Ghana where rivers have
dried up.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19388>
The Commodity Credit Corporation
(CCC) has reallocated 1.3 mln dlrs in credit guarantees
originally granted to cover the sale of protein meals to El
Salvador so it may buy rice, the U.S. Agriculture Department
said.
    The action reduces the guarantee line authorized for sales
of protein meals to 12.7 mln dlrs and creates a rice credit
guarantee line of 1.3 mln dlrs, the department said.
    All sales under the credit guarantee lines must be
registered and exports completed by September 30, the
department said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19835>
The Pakistani government allowed the
private sector to export cotton and rice in a new trade policy
announced to cover the next three years.
    Commerce and Planning Minister Mahbubul Haq said in a
televised speech it was also decided to allow duty-free import
of cotton yarn.
    Cotton and rice are Pakistan's main exports, which have
been handled exclusively by state corporations since early
1970s. Haq said now the private sector would export cotton and
rice along with the state corporations.
    He said duty-free import of cotton yarn was allowed to make
high quality yarn available to local ancillary industries and
to enable them to compete effectively in the world market. This
would help overcome domestic shortages of yarn, he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19947>
Pakistani government allowed freer
cotton and rice export in a three-year new trade policy aimed
at narrowing the country's yawning trade gap.
    Commerce and Planning Minister Mahbubul Haq said in a
televised speech the government had also decided to allow
duty-free import of cotton yarn to make the textile industry
more competitive, and to link bulk tea imports to the export of
Pakistani products.
   
    Cotton and rice are Pakistan's main exports, which have
been handled exclusively by state corporations since early
1970s.
    But Haq said now the private sector would also export
cotton and rice along with the corporations, which meets a
long-standing demand of the local traders.
    The duty-free import of cotton yarn has been allowed to
bring down prices and help the local ancillary industries
compete effectively in the world market, he said.
   
    Haq said the new policy, effective from the fiscal year
1987/88 beginning on July 1, would be for three years but
reviewed every year.
    It was a departure from the previous practice of announcing
trade policies for a single fiscal year, and Haq said it would
enable the businessmen to plan their market strategies over a
longer period.
    He said an export credit of 250 mln dlrs had been provided
for the export of engineering goods to selected third world
countries on soft credit terms.
   
    Pakistan's 1986/87 exports at 3.6 billion dlrs, 18.2 per
cent more than in the previous year, and imports at 5.23
billion dlrs compared to 5.63 billion dlrs in 1985/86.
    He said the government policy was to rationalise and
streamline import controls.
    "It has been observed that due to restrictions on imports,
specially on raw materials and intermediate goods, local
industry has been suffering for want of necessary inputs," he
said. "Prices have been on the increase and quality of goods
produced has been low. This restrictive policy also gave rise
to smuggling and hampering of exports."
   
    He said that to correct this situation, 136 items had freed
from import restrictions.
    Previously, Pakistan has met its trade gap largely from
remittances from its nationals working abroad, mainly in the
Gulf. However, the remittances have begun to fall after the
drop in oil prices in recent years leading to the spectre of a
balance of payments crisis for Pakistan.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20052>
The Manila-based International Rice
Research Institute (IRRI) said West German agricultural
scientist Klaus Lampe will take over as its director-general in
early 1988, succeeding M.S. Swaminathan.
    An IRRI statement said Lampe, 56, is currently senior
adviser to the German Agency for Technical Cooperation at
Eschborn and was a former head of the agriculture section of
the Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation.
    It said Swaminathan, who has headed IRRI since 1982, will
concentrate on environmental and agricultural issues.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21570>
Thai rice exports rose to 72,987 tonnes
in the week ended October 13 from 54,075 the previous week, the
Commerce Ministry said.
    It said the government and private exporters shipped 26,272
and 46,715 tonnes respectively. Private exporters concluded
advance weekly sales for 106,640 tonnes against 98,152 the
previous week. The said it ministry expects at least 65,000
tonnes in exports next week.
    Thailand has shipped 3.43 mln tonnes of rice in the year to
date, down from 3.68 mln a year ago. It has commitments to
export another 388,390 tonnes this year.
 REUTER
</BODY>
