<BODY DOCID=14832>
Thailand's trade deficit widened to 4.5
billion baht in the first quarter of 1987 from 2.1 billion a
year ago, the Business Economics Department said.
    It said Janunary/March imports rose to 65.1 billion baht
from 58.7 billion. Thailand's improved business climate this
year resulted in a 27 pct increase in imports of raw materials
and semi-finished products.
    The country's oil import bill, however, fell 23 pct in the
first quarter due to lower oil prices.
    The department said first quarter exports expanded to 60.6
billion baht from 56.6 billion.
    Export growth was smaller than expected due to lower
earnings from many key commodities including rice whose
earnings declined 18 pct, maize 66 pct, sugar 45 pct, tin 26
pct and canned pineapples seven pct.
    Products registering high export growth were jewellery up
64 pct, clothing 57 pct and rubber 35 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14840>
The Indonesian Commodity Exchange is
likely to start trading in at least one new commodity, and
possibly two, during calendar 1987, exchange chairman Paian
Nainggolan said.
    He told Reuters in a telephone interview that trading in
palm oil, sawn timber, pepper or tobacco was being considered.
    Trading in either crude palm oil (CPO) or refined palm oil
may also be introduced. But he said the question was still
being considered by Trade Minister Rachmat Saleh and no
decision on when to go ahead had been made.
    The fledgling exchange currently trades coffee and rubber
physicals on an open outcry system four days a week.
    "Several factors make us move cautiously," Nainggolan said.
"We want to move slowly and safely so that we do not make a
mistake and undermine confidence in the exchange."
    Physical rubber trading was launched in 1985, with coffee
added in January 1986. Rubber contracts are traded FOB, up to
five months forward. Robusta coffee grades four and five are
traded for prompt delivery and up to five months forward,
exchange officials said.
    The trade ministry and exchange board are considering the
introduction of futures trading later for rubber, but one
official said a feasibility study was needed first. No
decisions are likely until after Indonesia's elections on April
23, traders said.
    Trade Minister Saleh said on Monday that Indonesia, as the
world's second largest producer of natural rubber, should
expand its rubber marketing effort and he hoped development of
the exchange would help this.
    Nainggolan said that the exchange was trying to boost
overseas interest by building up contacts with end-users.
    He said teams had already been to South Korea and Taiwan to
encourage direct use of the exchange, while a delegation would
also visit Europe, Mexico and some Latin American states to
encourage participation.
    Officials say the infant exchange has made a good start
although trading in coffee has been disappointing.
    Transactions in rubber between the start of trading in
April 1985 and December 1986 totalled 9,595 tonnes, worth 6.9
mln dlrs FOB, plus 184.3 mln rupiah for rubber delivered
locally, the latest exchange report said.
     Trading in coffee in calendar 1986 amounted to only 1,905
tonnes in 381 lots, valued at 6.87 billion rupiah.
     Total membership of the exchange is now nine brokers and
44 traders.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15409>
Ta Chung Hua Rubber Factory of
Shanghai will raise a 30 to 35 mln U.S. Dlr loan to expand and
modernise its plant, arranger CCIC Finance Ltd said.
    The loan, to be lead managed by the Bank of China, is
expected to mature in eight to nine years, but terms have not
been finalized.
    The money will be used to import manufacturing equipment
including technology transfer for the production of truck
radial tyres. Part of the output will be exported.
    The expansion program is expected to cost a total 54 mln
dlrs. The shortfall will be financed domestically.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15424>
Officials from Indonesia, Malaysia,
Singapore and, perhaps, Thailand will meet here tomorrow to
discuss increased regional cooperation on rubber marketing and
ways to raise rubber prices, industry sources said.
    The officials will discuss linking rubber markets in the
four countries to improve price transparency, the sources said.
    This is the first time Indonesia is attending such a
meeting, they said, but representatives from Thailand may not
be able to attend because of their tight schedule. Malaysia,
Indonesia and Thailand account for 90 pct of world rubber
exports and Singapore is a major regional rubber trading
centre.
    The Malaysian Rubber Futures market, freighting and
contracts for rubber are among other issues expected to be
discussed.
    Last month, rubber importing and exporting countries
adopted a new International Natural Rubber Agreement in Geneva.
The new pact is more responsive to market trends than its
predecessor, the sources said, and earlier provisions allowing
the buffer stock to borrow from banks have been eliminated.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16776>
Teck Soon Co Ltd, a major Thai rubber
exporter has formed a joint venture with state-owned Chinese
International Economic and Technology Development Corp to
produce 50,000 tonnes of sheet rubber annually for export to
the Chinese auto industry, Teck Soon general manager Chit
Surivitchpan said.
    Chit said a new joint venture company will have a
registered capital of four mln dlrs.
    China imported 69,952 tonnes of Thai sheet rubber last year
and 60,296 tonnes in 1985.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17455>
The Tokyo Commodity Exchange for Industry
(TOCOM) said it will allow five more members to become precious
metal brokers, taking the total to 54, and four more members to
broke rubber, for a total of 39.
    An exchange official told Reuters the Ministry of
International Trade and Industry is expected to approve the the
new brokers by mid-June.
    The move has been under study since early May in response
to requests by non-broker members of the exchange.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17894>
Malaysian rubber production should
return to normal levels this month after a hard wintering
season, the Malaysian Rubber Exchange and Licensing Board said
in its latest review. "As packers and remillers expect
production to recover to normal levels in June, sellers will
remain reserved in the near future," the review, dated May 14,
said. Many consumers are holding off, waiting for the best time
to buy.
    The market is mindful of approaching summer holidays in
industrial countries and there is an air of uncertainty beyond
July, it said. It gave no figures for the output drop.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20079>
A Council meeting of the
International Natural Rubber Organization (INRO) has been
adjourned until Thursday as tomorrow is a Malaysian national
holiday, officials of the organisation said.
    The main issue at the talks, which opened here yesterday,
has been the INRO buffer stock and the manner in which the
buffer stock manager should continue to sell rubber after the
current international pact for the commodity expires on October
22, they said.
    The deadline for the start of the new pact is January 1989.
    Buffer stock manager Aldo Hofmeister has been mandated to
continue selling rubber during the interim period.
    Other issues discussed include ratification of the new
accord, the officials said.
    Only Malaysia of the pact's 32 producing and consuming
member countries had ratified the new agreement by the
beginning of this month.
    The meeting is due to end on Thursday.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20230>
President Reagan sent the five-year
International Natural Rubber Agreement to the Senate for
approval.
    Reagan said the accord is designed to stabilize rubber
prices without disturbing long-term market trends and to foster
expanded natural rubber supplies at reasonable prices.
    It continues a buffer stock of not more than 550,000 tonnes
established by a 197agreement. This will be used to defend a
regularly adjusted price range and will be financed equally by
importing and exporting members of the agreement.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20267>
Scrap crepe prices firmed on good
shortcovering demand at the Colombo rubber auction, brokers
said.
    One-X brown was traded at 19.75 rupees per kg, up 15 cents
from last rates while other grades also showed improvements.
The rise was attributed to a shortage of rubber available to
manufacture this type.
    Latex crepe prices were unchanged with the best one-X
selling at 20.92 rupees. Crepe one was traded at 20.68 and
crepe two at 20.45 rupees.
    Sheet was firm as in previous weeks with RSS1 averaging
22.05 rupees against 22 previously. The total quantity of
rubber offered at the sale was 320 tonnes.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21493>
Thai traders plan to establish a company
to regulate maize forward trading, in what could be a first
step towards a commodities futures exchange, maize dealers
said.
    Traders and Internal Trade Department officials agreed last
week to commission a study on a structure to regulate maize
forward trading and to set up a company, Thailand Commodity
Exchange Co Ltd, with 30 businesses as shareholders who will
act as brokers in the futures market.
    Chanthong Pattamapong, a commodities trader asked to to
draw up the study, said if the maize futures market succeeds it
may be extended to other commodities, perhaps sugar and rubber.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21557>
International Rubber Organisation
(INRO) buffer stock manager Aldo Hofmeister said tests had
shown the quality of rubber in stock was acceptable, but
acknowledged that some consumers were now wary of buying it.
    "We have said all along that the rubber is holding up well
from a condition and quality standpoint...Rubber stored in
proper conditions does not deteriorate," he told Reuters in a
telephone interview. The quality of buffer stock rubber sold
since he entered the market in September would be discussed at
an INRO Council meeting which opened here today, he said.
    Tokyo traders said on Friday they had little interest in
buying rubber from the INRO buffer stock because of possible
poor quality.
    Hofmeister began selling rubber when prices exceeded the
"may-sell' level of 232 cents per kg early last month. INRO's
five-day moving average was quoted at 237.3 cents on October
16. He said the quality of five to six-year old rubber in stock
was uppermost in consumers' minds.
    "We have received good interest for the rubber. I understand
the Japanese concern. Many consumers want to try the rubber
before they carry on buying," he said.
    Hofmeister said INRO rubber was stored in 28 different
locations in producing and consuming nations, adding all
warehouses used were suitable for long-term storage.
    Selling of buffer stock rubber had levelled off during the
past week to 10 days and this could reflect a "wait and see
attitude" by buyers, he said.
    "Consumers are holding back from buying additional amounts
until they test out the rubber. If their tests are positiive,
they are likely to buy more." Hofmeister said he could reduce
the offer price of buffer stock rubber to stimulate interest
but INRO did not want to depress prices artificially.
    Hofmeister declined to comment on Japanese trade estimates
that he had sold around 30,000 to 32,000 tonnes in Kuala Lumpur
and New York since September.
    But he said Japanese traders were in a position to have an
idea of the quantity he had sold, noting that traders overall
had put buffer stock sales at between 25,000 and 35,000 tonnes.
    The question of sales from the original 360,000 tonne
buffer stock is expected to be the main topic of the Council
meeting which is scheduled to end on Thursday.
    The current international rubber pact expires on October
22.
    The deadline for the new pact's start is January 1989 and
Hofmeister has been mandated to continue selling rubber during
the interim period.
 REUTER
</BODY>
