<BODY DOCID=14839>
Tug crews in New South Wales (NSW),
Victoria and Western Australia yesterday lifted their ban on
foreign-flag ships carrying containers but NSW ports are still
being disrupted by a separate dispute, shipping sources said.
    The ban, imposed a week ago over a pay claim, had prevented
the movement in or out of port of nearly 20 vessels, they said.
    The pay dispute went before a hearing of the Arbitration
Commission today.
    Meanwhile, disruption began today to cargo handling in the
ports of Sydney, Newcastle and Port Kembla, they said.
    The industrial action at the NSW ports is part of the week
of action called by the NSW Trades and Labour Council to
protest changes to the state's workers' compensation laws.
    The shipping sources said the various port unions appear to
be taking it in turn to work for a short time at the start of
each shift and then to walk off.
    Cargo handling in the ports has been disrupted, with
container movements most affected, but has not stopped
altogether, they said.
    They said they could not say how long the disruption will
go on and what effect it will have on shipping movements.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14957>
Tug crews in New South Wales (NSW),
Victoria and Western Australia yesterday lifted their ban on
foreign-flag ships carrying containers but NSW ports are still
being disrupted by a separate dispute, shipping sources said.
    The ban, imposed a week ago over a pay claim, had prevented
the movement in or out of port of nearly 20 vessels, they said.
The pay dispute went before a hearing of the Arbitration
Commission today.
    Meanwhile, disruption began today to cargo handling in the
ports of Sydney, Newcastle and Port Kembla, they said.
    The industrial action at the NSW ports is part of the week
of action called by the NSW Trades and Labour Council to
protest changes to the state's workers' compensation laws.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14959>
The two sides in the Rotterdam port
general cargo dispute have agreed to appoint an independent
chairman, Han Lammers, to preside over future meetings,
employers' spokesman Gerard Zeebregts said.
    Lammers, Queen's Commissioner for the province of
Flevoland, will not act as a mediator but will draw up an
agenda and procedures for meetings between the employers and
unions on a work-practice agreement and proposed redundancies.
    Two months of strikes in the sector began on January 19 in
protest at employers' proposals for 350 redundancies from the
4,000-strong workforce this year.
    The strikes were called off by the main port union FNV on
March 13 following an Amsterdam court's interim injunction
against the redundancies on procedural grounds.
    The court is due to make a final ruling on May 7 but
Zeebregts said he expected the judgment to go against the
employers and they were therefore very likely to restart the
complicated legal redundancy procedures in the near future.
    Meanwhile, the dispute over a new work-practice agreement
in the port's grain sector continued, with 30 maintenance
workers on strike, although loading was not affected, a
spokesman for Graan Elevator Mij, the largest employer in the
sector, said.
    The employers have written to the union asking it to
reconsider its position and a meeting of union members has been
called for tomorrow.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15484>
Todd Shipyards Corp said
production workers represented by the multi-union Pacific Coast
Metal Trades District Council at its San Francisco division
struck on April Six.
    It said negotiations are expected to resume at the end of
this month.
    Todd also said the collective bargaining division in effect
at its Galveston Division expires April 17, and negotiations
with the Galveston Metal Trades Council are continuing.
    The company said results of balloting on a new collective
bargaining agreement proposal in its Seattle Division are
expected to be tabulated at the close of business tomorrow.
    The Pacific Coast Council has recommended acceptance of
that proposal by membership, Todd said.
                                       
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15531>
Moderately active grain fixing was
reported out of the U.S. But none of the business involved the
significant voyages to the Continent or Japan, ship brokers
said.
    A steady 13.50 dlrs was paid from the U.S. Gulf to Morocco
and 23.25 dlrs was paid for 27,000 long tons from the Gulf to
Taiwan. A vessel carrying 13,500 long tons of bagged wheat
flour from the Gulf to Aqaba received a lump sum of 472,500
dlrs.
    Grain from the Great Lakes to Algeria made 28 dlrs against
27.75 paid for similar fixing towards the end of March.
    Market talk suggested a Federal Commerce vessel had been
booked to move grain from the Great Lakes to Morocco on Comanav
account at about 22 dlrs and 15.50 had been paid for a cargo of
oilseeds from British Columbia to Japan, but no confirmation
was obtainable.
    On the Continent, shippers agreed 19 dlrs for wheat from La
Pallice to Buenaventura and 10.75 dlrs for grain from Ghent to
Naples/Venice range. Elsewhere, maize from East London to Japan
paid 22 dlrs.
    Soviet charterers reappeared in the timecharter sector and
secured a 30,000 tonner from Savona for a trans-Atlantic round
trip at 4,450 dlrs daily and a 31,000 tonner from
Antwerp-Hamburg for a similar voyage at 4,250 dlrs daily.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15696>
No raw sugar is being unloaded at Tate
and Lyles refinery at Silvertown on the River Thames following
a fire yesterday afternoon, Tate and Lyle Plc said.
    The fire destroyed a large sector of the main conveyor from
the raw sugar jetty to the weighhouse.
    The company said it is not yet known how long the jetty
will be out of use but it hoped that by tomorrow unloading of
the bulk carrier Mykon Wave will be able to continue using
temporary arrangements, Tate and Lyle said.
    The Mykon Wave arrived in the port recently with about
18,300 tonnes of bulk sugar from Maputo in Swaziland. About
1,600 tonnes remain to be discharged.
    Five other ships loaded with raw sugar are awaiting at
Silvertown to be discharged, Tate and Lyle added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15710>
Ten grain ships were loading and 14
were waiting to load at New Orleans elevators, trade sources
said.
 ELEVATOR                     LOADING  WAITING
 Continental Grain, Westwego     1      6
 Mississippi River, Myrtle Grove 1      0
 ADM Growmark                    1      4
 Bunge Grain, Destrehan          1      0
    ELEVATOR                LOADING  WAITING
 ST CHARLES DESTREHAN         1      1
 RESERVE ELEVATOR CORP        1      0
 PEAVEY CO, ST ELMO           1      0
 CARGILL GRAIN, TERRE HAUTE   2      1
 CARGILL GRAIN, PORT ALLEN    0      0
 ZEN-NOH                      1      2
 reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15726>
27,000 long tons
USG/Taiwan 23.25 dlrs fio five days/1,500 1-10/5 Continental.
    Trade Banner - 30,000 long tons grain USG/Morocco 13.50
dlrs 5,000/5,000 end-April/early-May Comanav.
    Reference New York Grain Freights 1 of April 8, ship
brokers say the vessel fixed by Cam from the Great Lakes to
Algeria at 28 dlrs is reported to be the Vamand Wave.
    Reference New York Grain Freights 2 of April 8, they say
the Cory Grain maize business from East London at 22 dlrs is to
Japan and not to Spain as reported.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15727>
TBN 14,00 mt bulk sugar
Fiji/Prai 16 dlrs fio 10,000/1,000 1-10/5 Fiji Sugar Marketing.
    TBN 15,000 mt bulk sugar Queensland/Japan 14.65 dlrs fio
10,000/1,000 20-30/4 CSR.
    ENQUIRIES - Antwerp/1-3 ports Greece 40,000 mt bagged sugar
indications 750/750 in shipments of 10,000/15,000 tonnes spread
from May to July a/c unnamed charterer.
    Inchon/India 12,600 mt bagged sugar 1,000/1,000 20/4-5/5
a/c Kaines.
    Reunion/1-2 ports Portugal 10,000 mt bulk sugar about 20
dlrs 2,000/750 1-10/5 a/c French charterer.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15728>
Antwerp/Libya 5,500 mt bagged flour 14
daps 24-27/4.
    New Orleans/Guanta 9,387 mt bulk hss 3,000/13 days
25-4/5-5.
    Naantali/Saudi Red Sea 30,000/35,000 mt barley 4,000/3,000
20-30/4 or early May.
    Dunkirk/Xingang 12,000 mt bagged flour 1,500/1,700 13-20/4.
    Toledo/Seaforth 17,000 mt hss offers 18.50 dlrs four
days/8,000 13-15/4.
    River Plate/Malaysia 20,000/22,000 long tons hss
2,000/2,000 Apr.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15942>
There were six grain ships loading and
eight ships were waiting to load at Portland, according to the
Portland Merchants Exchange.
  
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16076>
Union and New South Wales government
officials have reached a compromise in a dispute over workers
compensation, averting increased industrial action in the
state, union sources said.
    But some unions, including those of building and mining
workers, said they were dissatisfied with the deal and would
continue their strikes for a few more days.
    State officials said the government had agreed to revise
its proposals to cut compensation and would allow slightly
higher cash benefits for injured workers.
    Under the original proposal, which sparked strikes and
other industrial action in the state on April 7, workers'
compensation would have been cut by one third. Full details of
the compromise package are not yet known.
    The Labour Council, affiliated to the Australian Council of
Trade Unions (ACTU), had threatened to paralyse New South Wales
unless the government modified its pending legislation on the
issue.
    State officials said the only sectors affected in the past
three days were some government building projects, railway
freight movement and cargo handling in Sydney's ports.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16366>
Kuwait has agreed to charter tankers
from the Soviet Union in a move to protect its oil exports
through the Mideast Gulf, diplomatic sources said.
    They said the agreement followed months of talks with the
Soviet Union and the U.S. On ways to secure its oil exports
after Iran started to attack Kuwaiti-connected vessels in
retaliation for Kuwait's backing for Iran's war enemy Iraq.
    Diplomats said they expect three Soviet tankers initially
to reinforce other flags already supporting Kuwait's 22-tanker
fleet.
    The diplomats said they knew of no deal for Moscow to
provide a naval escort for its own vessels, but "the idea of
protection is implicit," one said.
    They said Soviet cargo ships bound for Kuwait in the past
to unload arms and materiel for road delivery to Iraq were
known to have sailed under escort. So far, none of the Soviet
ships are known to have been attacked by Iran. Diplomats said
they expected the chartered Soviet tankers to sail between
Kuwait and Khor Fakkan on the United Arab Emirates (UAE) coast
a short way outside the Strait of Hormuz at the mouth of the
Gulf.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17436>
Iranian foreign minister Ali Akbar
Velayati warned that Iran would combat any superpower
intervention in the Gulf.
    "Iran, which is the most powerful (country) in the Gulf...
Will not allow the superpowers or any other foreign forces to
interfere in the region," he said.
    Velayati, visiting the United Arab Emirates on the first
leg of a Gulf tour, told reporters Iran had the "capabilities
and means" to prevent any interference. President Reagan has
pledged to keep the Gulf sealanes open and to protect Kuwaiti
tankers from possible Iranian attack.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17462>
Any Iranian attack on Soviet ships in the
Gulf will bring a forceful and violent response, a Soviet
foreign ministry official said in an interview published here.
    Alexander Ivanov, head of the Gulf desk at the Soviet
Foreign Ministry, told Al-Rai al-Aam newspaper Moscow "will
answer back with force and violence if Iran attempts to attack
any Soviet ship or tanker in the Gulf." A Soviet tanker hit a
mine in the Gulf last month.
    Ivanov also accused the United States of stepping up the
regional crisis and of failing to exert genuine efforts to end
the Iran-Iraq war.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17492>
The Panamanian liquified gas carrier
Nyhammer, 48,772 dwt, was attacked by an Iranian gunboat on May
24, Lloyds Shipping Intelligence said.
    One rocket was fired but missed.
    The vessel subsequently arrived at its destination of Ras
Tanura on May 25 and left this morning.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17750>
President Reagan said he would discuss
the Mideast Gulf situation with allied leaders at next week's
Venice economic summit and hinted he would seek their help in
preserving free navigation.
    In a speech prepared for delivery as the United States made
plans to protect 11 Kuwaiti oil tankers from Iranian attack,
Reagan said the American people were aware that "it is not our
interests alone that are being protected."
    Saying that allied dependence on gulf oil was no secret,
Reagan declared, "During the upcoming summit in Venice, we will
be discussing the common security interests shared by the
western democracies in the MIDEAST Gulf.
    "The future belongs to the brave. Free men should not cower
before such challenges, and they should not expect to stand
alone."
    Reagan will meet the leaders of Britain, France, West
Germany, Italy, Canada and Japan at the economic summit, which
will take place in Venice June 8-10.
   
    The 13th annual top-level meeting of the major industrial
democracies will take place against a backdrop of rising
congressional concern over Reagan's plan to protect gulf
shipping and demands that the allies do more.
     These concerns were heightened by the May 17 Iraqi missile
attack on the U.S. frigate Stark which killed 37 seamen.
    "They died while guarding a chokepoint of freedom, deterring
aggression and reaffirming America's willingness to protect its
vital interests," Reagan said.
   
    In a pre-summit speech celebrating the 40th anniversary of
the Marshall Plan, Reagan, who spoke to an audience of foreign
affairs experts, also pledged to push for economic expansion by
West Germany and Japan to bolster the world trading system.
    "While the vibrancy of the U.S. economy has contributed
enormously to the world expansion, preserving a growing world
economy is the business of every member of the world trading
community," he said.
   
    "It will be made clear, especially to our friends in Japan
and the Federal Republic of Germany, that growth-oriented
domestic policies are needed to bolster the world trading
system on which they depend."
    Reagan coupled this appeal with a call for compliance with
allied accords on exchange rate stability.
    "Economic policy decisions made last year in Tokyo and at
this year's meetings of Group of Seven finance ministers in
Paris and in Washington cannot be ignored or forgotten," he
said. "The commitments made at these meetings need to be
translated into action."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17888>
Japan was ready to use diplomacy to help
maintain the security of the Gulf, Prime Minister Yasuhiro
Nakasone said.
    But he told reporters Japan should not cut its lines of
communication with Iran and Iraq because its policy was to take
a broad political stance. Officials of the foreign ministry
said Japan had maintained good relations with both Iran and
Iraq, which have been at war since September 1980.
    Last week Nakasone ruled out Japanese military or financial
help to patrol the waters of the Gulf. About 60 pct of Japan's
crude oil passes through the waterway.
    President Reagan said yesterday the threat to oil routes in
the Gulf from attacks by Iran and Iraq was high on the agenda
for next week's G-7 summit in Venice.
    Reagan has approved plans for the United States to step up
its naval presence in the Gulf despite congressional
expressions of concern and he has called on U.S. Allies to help
maintain freedom of navigation.
    Japan's constitution prevents its armed forces from being
deployed overseas. Nakasone has said that Washington
understands this problem.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17925>
Kuwait, a target of Iranian anger over the
emirate's backing for Iraq in the Gulf war, today rejected
charges that fishing vessels seized recently by Iran were spy
boats.
    "There are no bases of truth to the contents of the Iranian
accusation on the nature of the operations of the vessels
recently taken into custody by Iran. These vessels were out
fishing," the Foreign Ministry said in a statement.
    It said Iranian Charge d'Affaires Mohammad Baqeri was
summoned by the Ministry yesterday to confer with Foreign
Undersecretary Suleiman Majed al-Shaheen.
    The Iranian News Agency IRNA said on Sunday Iran had seized
seven Kuwaiti speed boats and detained their crew, who
confessed to spying for Iraq under the cover of fishing.
    It said the boats were intercepted in the Khur Abdullah
waterway which separates Kuwait and Iraq's Faw peninsula at the
head of the Gulf, captured by Iran last year.
    The Kuwaiti response came as Iranian envoys toured Gulf
Arab states saying responsibility for security and stability in
the waterway was a regional matter. A U.S. Senate team was
scheduled today to meet Kuwait's Crown Prince and Prime
Minister Sheikh Saad al-Abdulla al-Sabah and the defence and
oil ministers.
    Today's Foreign Ministry statement, carried by the Kuwait
News Agency KUNA, said the recent detention of Kuwaiti fishing
vessels by Iran was not the first.
    Tehran in the past had held back a number of vessels Kuwait
had sought to release through diplomatic contacts, it said.
    "However, Kuwait is perplexed that this time the Iranian
charges are accompanied by accusations that the vessels were
undertaking espionage activities," it said.
    Shaheen condemned the detentions and accusations, and asked
Tehran to free all fishing boats and sailors held by Iran, the
statement said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17955>
The French ship Capitaine Wallis, 13,847
dwt, berthed at the port of Geelong in Victoria today to load
8,000 tonnes of urgently needed wheat for Fiji after Australian
port unions partly lifted a trade embargo, shipping sources
said.
    The wheat is expected to be loaded tomorrow, an Australian
Wheat Board spokesman said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17979>
Sri Lanka today ordered its armed forces
to defend the island's territorial waters as India prepared to
send a flotilla with relief supplies that Colombo says it does
not want for the Tamils in the Jaffna peninsula.
    The sudden crisis between Sri Lanka and its giant neighbour
deepened as Prime Minister Ranasinghe Premadasa told
parliament: "We have our territorial limits and nobody can be
allowed to trespass there ...
    "President (Junius) Jayewardene has ordered the army, navy
and air force to protect the island and its territorial waters,"
Premadasa said to a round of applause from the house.
    In New Delhi an Indian spokesman said the plan to send a
flotilla of 20 small unarmed boats with Red Cross supplies to
Jaffna tomorrow would go ahead despite Colombo's objections.
    The confrontation was the latest result of the long and
bitter conflict between Sri Lanka's Buddhist Sinhalese majority
and the Hindu Tamil minority, which has strong ethnic and
cultural links with India's 50 mln Tamils.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18128>
The Far Eastern sugar market is being hit
by a tightening in available nearby freight space needed to
move raw sugar to various destinations, notably from Thailand,
traders said.
    This has resulted in a hardening of freight rates in those
areas. These are now being quoted between 12.5 and 17.5 dlrs a
tonne per day, depending on shipment and destination, against
recent fixings below 12 dlrs a tonne.
    Charterers are considering combining contracted shipments
because of inadequate space, shipping sources said, noting 13
raws cargoes are awaiting shipment from various ports.
    A cargo of Thai raw sugar was reported traded at basis July
New York futures less 25 points for June/July 15 shipment,
traders said. But others said this was old business.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18160>
Secretary of State George Shultz said
today that a boost in allied forces in the Mideast Gulf was not
vital to protect shipping against attack but that possible
allied contributions should be examined.
    Asked if he saw the need for a greater military presence by
the allies in the gulf, Shultz told reporters, "Not necessarily,
particularly, so."
    But he said an adequate force was needed to deter attack
and noted that the British and the French, as well as the
United States, maintained naval contingents there.
    "We have to look at things that others might do," he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18213>
Overseas Shipholding Group Inc president
Morton Hyman said if oil production by OPEC rises during the
second half of 1987, freight rates for tankers should rise
accordingly.
    Hyman, delivering a speech at the annual shareholders
meeting, said international tanker markets were generally weak
throughout the first quarter, but since the end of March OPEC
oil production has picked up. The result has been a modest
improvement in tanker rates.
    Overseas said 73 pct of its fleet handles liquid cargo.
   
    He said tanker requirements decreased in September 1986 as
OPEC production quotas dropped and levels of oil stocks rose.
    For the first quarter 1987, the company reported net income
of 10.3 mln dlrs, or 40 cts per share, compared to 9.3 mln
dlrs, or 36 cts per share, for the comparable quarter a year
ago.
    The company reported net income for 1986 of 37.3 mln dlrs,
or 1.45 dlrs per share.
   
    "The improvement in the company's 1986 results, after four
years of declining earnings, reflects a sharp, albeit
temporary, rise in freight rates in the international tanker
markets last summer," Hyman said.
    He said the Alaskan oil trade continues to be the principal
source of employment for its U.S. flag tanker fleet, which
represents approximately 15 pct of the company's tonnage.
    Overseas owns and operates 67 vessels.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18231>
U.S. military forces in the Mideast
Gulf are under orders to protect only American flag vessels and
occasional U.S. arms deliveries on other ships to
"non-belligerent" states in the area, the Pentagon said today.
    "No one has ever stated or supported a policy of protecting
all shipping in those waters," Pentagon spokesman Bob Sims said
as the Reagan Administration drew up plans to increase the
protective U.S. military presence in the gulf.
    Sims denied published reports that U.S. Defense Secretary
Caspar Weinberger sought air cover to protect all neutral
shipping in the western gulf from attacks by Iran and Iraq.
    "As we have said repeatedly, only American flag vessels are
under our protection with the exception, on a limited
case-by-case basis, of ships carrying our Foreign Military
Sales equipment to friendly, non-belligerent states in the
region," Sims said.
    U.S. warships in the gulf two weeks ago protected a Kuwaiti
ship which sailed to Bahrain with U.S. arms for Bahrain and
Kuwait. But Sims said Washington had received assurances that
the the arms would not be used elsewhere.
    He said Kuwait, which is turning 11 oil tankers over to
U.S. firms to fly the American flag and be protected by the
U.S. warships, is not considered a belligerent despite Iranian
charges that Kuwait is supporting Iraq in the gulf war.
    Kuwaiti tankers have come under repeated Iranian attack.
    Sims refused to say how the United States will beef up its
seven-ship Middle East Task Force in the gulf to protect the 11
Kuaiti tankers. But Pentagon officials said that additional
ships and air cover are under consideration.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18271>
House Speaker Jim Wright predicted
passage of legislation requiring the Reagan administration to
provide Congress with a report on its Mideast Gulf policy, but
a last-minute revolt by an alliance of liberals and
conservatives left the bill's fate in doubt.
    The legislation was written in the wake of the May 17th
Iraqi missile attack on the U.S. frigate Stark in the Gulf,
which killed 37 Americans, and President Reagan's decision to
protect 11 Kuwaiti oil tankers by putting them under U.S. flags
-- effectively making them American ships.
    Since the administration made known its reflagging plans,
congressional leaders complained they had not been consulted,
and some charged the policy could lead the United States into
the 6 1/2-year-old war between Iran and Iraq.
    The House was to vote today on a bill -- supported by the
Democratic and Republican congressional leadership and the
administration -- which demanded a report within seven days on
plans to meet the security needs of U.S. forces in the gulf.
    The resolution was expected to pass without controversy
today in the House Foreign Affairs Committee before the full
House was to take up the bill. But in a surprise move, liberal
Democrats and conservative Republicans on the committee joined
in an unusual alliance to oppose the resolution.
    Liberal Democrats said a lack of any restrictions in the
bill implied consent to Reagan's policies.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18328>
The U.S. House of Representatives 
approved a bill that requires the Reagan administration to
provide Congress with a report on its Gulf policy but does not
place any restrictions on its actions.
    The bill passed 305-102 -- winning a necessary two-thirds
of those voting -- despite a last-minute revolt by an alliance
of liberal Democrats and conservative Republicans who sought to
defeat it as a signal that a growing number of legislators
oppose President Reagan's policies in the region.
    The legislation was passed in the wake of the May 17th
Iraqi missile attack on the U.S. frigate Stark in the Gulf,
which killed 37 Americans, and Reagan's decision to protect 11
Kuwaiti oil tankers by putting them under U.S. flags --
effectively making them American ships.
    The legislation -- supported by Congress' Democratic and
Republican leadership as well as by the administration --
required Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger to provide a
report to Congress, within seven days of enactment, on plans to
protect U.S. warships and flag ships in the Persian Gulf.
    It did not, however, place any restrictions on the
administration as it proceeds to reflag the Kuwaiti ships and
thus has no immediate effect on U.S. policy.
    The Senate was expected to approve the legislation this
week. The bill would then be sent to Reagan for signature.
    Supporters of the bill said passage of the bill was only a
first step toward a greater congressional involvement in
formulating policy.
    But Democratic critics said the bill did not ask the
administration to address tough policy questions in the report.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18329>
The leaders of a U.S. Senate team probing
American defense strategy in the MidEast Gulf said they favored
a multinational force to keep oil flowing through the waterway.
    Sen. John Glenn and John Warner, in Kuwait as part of a
Gulf Arab tour, said at a news conference that top officials in
the area appeared ready to discuss extra facilities needed if
the U.S. upgraded its defense role.
    The Senate team next heads for the United Arab Emirates,
their last stop on a fact-finding mission prompted by Reagan
administration plans to let half of Kuwait's 22-tanker fleet
fly the U.S. flag.
    Glenn and Warner said the U.S., Britain and France, should
explore the possibility of a unified Gulf force.
    "The American ships, the British ships, the French ships now
talk to each other and all we've got to do is formalize this
arrangement," Warner said.
    Glenn said a multinational force could be effectively
deployed within 24 hours of a decision.
    Glenn voiced a preference for a United Nations
multinational force, or failing that, an American, British,
French force with cooperation from the Gulf Arab states.
    Warner voiced concern that the Soviet Union might use the
situation in the Gulf to raise its presence. "And,
unequivocally, all GCC states we have talked with, have said
that would not be in the interests of the Arabian peninsula."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18340>
The European Community (EC) should
watch very carefully for any developments in the Gulf War and
their consequences on the oil market, EC Energy Commissioner
Nicolas Mosar said today.
    Speaking two weeks after a U.S. warship was attacked in the
Gulf, Mosar warned, "An escalation in the Gulf would increase
tensions in the oil market."
    "But I do not want to be alarmist," he told a news conference
after an EC energy ministers meeting in Luxembourg.
    He said the volume of EC oil imports from the Gulf had
declined to around 31 pct of total oil imports in the first
three months of 1987 against 35 pct in the same period last
year. "There are also other potential sources of supplies in the
world," he added.
    The issue of Gulf oil imports was not discussed at the
ministers' meeting, he added.
    A EC committee of national experts in the so-called oil
supply group would discuss Gulf oil supplies at their bi-annual
meeting on June 19, he said.
    But any major decisions would have to be reserved for EC
foreign ministers, diplomats said.
    West European nations have so far shown little enthusiasm
for backing a U.S. plan to give military protection to merchant
ships in the Gulf which could help insure the safety of oil
supplies.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18357>
The House today approved a bill
requiring the Reagan administration to report to Congress on
its Mideast Gulf policy but not restricting its actions.
    The vote in favor was despite a last-minute revolt by an
alliance of liberal Democrats and conservative Republicans who
sought to defeat it as a signal that a growing number of
legislators oppose President Reagan's policies in the region.
    In the Senate, a leading Republican senator, former Senate
Appropriations Committee Chairman Mark Hatfield of Oregon, said
he would try to prevent consideration of the bill.
    He said he will put a so-called "hold" on the bill until he
finds out whether the War Powers Act applies to protecting
Kuwaiti tankers.
    Congressional leaders complain they were not consulted
about plans to put the U.S. flag on Kuwaiti ships and some
charged the policy could lead the U.S. into the Iran-Iraq war.
    Conservative Republicans said increasing the U.S. military
obligation in the gulf would place impossible burdens on
American servicemen and equipment, and warned it could lead to
war.
    "It is a real snake pit at best and a powder keg that will
blow sky-high at worst," said Wisconsin Rep. Toby Roth.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18470>
New foreign shipbuilding orders received
by Japanese yards in May fell to five vessels totalling 188,900
gross tons (gt) from eight ships of 314,000 gt in April,
against four ships of 104,500 gt a year earlier, the Japan Ship
Exporters Association said.
    The backlog of orders at end-May was 122 ships of 3.70 mln
gt against 125 ships of 3.73 mln at end-April and 233 ships of
5.99 mln a year ago, an association official said.
    The world shipping recession and the yen's appreciation
against the dollar depressed May orders, he said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18521>
&lt;Aramco Corp> has accepted Japanese
nominations to lift a higher proportion of Arab Heavy crude oil
under term contracts in July, oil industry sources said.
    Japanese companies requested a ratio of 80 pct Arab Heavy
to 20 pct Arab Light under a term contract agreement with
Aramco for 100,000 barrels per day, the sources said. The
contractual ratio is 30 pct heavy crude to 70 pct light.
    Japanese demand for heavy crude oil has increased
substantially since the All Japan Seaman's Union ceased sailing
into the northern Mideast gulf last month, causing problems
with liftings of heavy Kuwait and Khafji crudes.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18571>
The 37,635 deadweight tonnes bulk carrier
Cumberlande, which sank in the South Pacific last Friday, was
carrying a cargo which included lead as well as magnesium ore,
a Lloyds Shipping Intelligence spokesman said.
    He was unable to confirm the tonnages involved.
    Trade reports circulating the London Metal Exchange said
the vessel, en route to New Orleans from Newcastle, New South
Wales, had been carrying 10,000 tonnes of lead concentrates.
Traders said this pushed lead prices higher in early morning
trading as the market is currently sensitive to any fundamental
news due to its finely balanced supply/demand position and low
stocks.
    Trade sources said that 10,000 tonnes of lead concentrates
could convert to around 5,000 tonnes of metal, although this
depended on the quality of the concentrates.
    A loss of this size could cause a gap in the supply
pipeline, particularly in North America, they noted. Supplies
there have been very tight this year and there is a strike at
one major producer, Cominco, and labour talks currently being
held at another, Noranda subsidiary Brunswick Mining and
Smelting Ltd.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18851>
Rio de Janeiro's 3,500
dockworkers went on strike for an indefinite period today to
demand wage increases, a spokesman for the dockers said.
    The Rio dockers did not get support from their colleagues
in Santos, Brazil's main port, but the spokesman said they
would not return to work unless their demands were met.
    Earlier this week, some 65,000 dockworkers cancelled a
scheduled national strike to pressure port officials to give
them a wage increase and other benefits.
    A Rio port spokesman said the halt would cause daily losses
of about 100,000 U.S. dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18865>
Rio de Janeiro's 3,500
dockworkers went on strike for an indefinite period today to
demand wage increases, a spokesman for the dockers said.
    The Rio dockers did not get support from their colleagues
in Santos, Brazil's main port, but the spokesman said they
would not return to work unless their demands were met.
    Earlier this week, some 65,000 dockworkers cancelled a
scheduled national strike to pressure port officials to give
them a wage increase and other benefits.
    A Rio port spokesman said the halt would cause daily losses
of about 100,000 U.S. Dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19055>
The navy is unloading
foodgrains at Chittagong port following a strike by nearly
1,000 dockworkers, Bangladesh Shipping Corp officials said.
    The navy was unloading 74,000 tonnes of foodgrains from two
ships today, and four vessels laden with some 90,000 tonnes of
grains were waiting at the outer anchorage, port officials
said.
    A spokesman for the workers said they would continue their
strike until authorities agree to their demands for higher pay
and other benefits. The strike began on June 11.
    "Unloading of grains and other essential commodities started
normally after we called in navy personnel to help," a port
official told Reuters.
    "The strike has caused no serious dislocation," he said.
    The government meanwhile declared the port jobs an
"essential service" and said the strikers could be dismissed
unless they end the strike soon.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19073>
Liner shipping specialist &lt;Evergreen
Marine Corp>, Taiwan's largest private company, has applied to
the Security and Exchange Commission to go public next month, a
company spokeswoman told Reuters.
    She said Evergreen had doubled its capital to eight billion
Taiwan dlrs since last August.
    "The capital increase will boost our operations," she said.
    She said Evergreen will use the funds raised from the stock
market to buy new ships and step up its global services.
    The spokeswoman said the company posted an after-tax profit
of more than one billion dlrs last year on total revenues of
20.46 billion, compared to an after-tax profit of 1.18 billion
on revenues of 17.99 billion in 1985.
    Evergreen has placed newbuilding orders for three 3,428-teu
(twenty-foot equivalent unit) fully cellular container ships
with the state-owned &lt;China Shipbuilding Corp> for delivery in
late 1988.
    Evergreen has a fleet of 66 container vessels, totalling
more than two mln dwt, the spokeswoman said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19092>
A 24-hour strike by Belgian public
employees protesting against a government pay offer disrupted
transport and hit ferry services and shipping, port and union
officials said.
    Some cross-Channel ferry services from Ostend were
cancelled, the local news agency Belga said.
    An Antwerp port authority spokesman said electricians came
out in support, reducing ship movements to a trickle. Unions
said Ghent and other major Belgian ports were also hit.
    Few trains were running and some early morning flights by
Sabena, Belgian's national airline, were cancelled.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19097>
China has resumed repairs of Soviet ships
after a 23 year break caused by the ideological split between
the two countries.
    The New China News Agency said an agreement to resume the
business was signed by the two sides on Wednesday in Shanghai,
where three Soviet commercial vessels were being repaired.
    The China Daily said the first two Soviet ships to be
repaired in China since 1964 left the ports of Dalian and
Xingang last month.
    Bi Yueran, managing director of China State Shipbuilding
Corp's ship repair department, told the newspaper the Soviet
Union lacked adequate repair facilities for the more than 600
ships deployed in the far east. Bi said China's yards offered
competitive prices, guaranteed quality and prompt delivery.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19122>
Cargo handling companies said they
were hiring twice the usual number of dockers to offset an
intermittent strike in Spanish ports.
    Spanish dockers began a nine-day strike on Wednesday in
which they only work alternate hours in protest at government
plans to partially privatize port services.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19199>
Rising water levels on the Rhine caused by
heavy rain are delaying an operation near Karlsruhe to raise
two sunken boats which have blocked the river's main navigation
channel since early last week, a Karlsruhe water authority
spokesman said.
    He said two floating cranes were unable to begin lifting
the sunken tug Orinoko and its lighter because the water level
had reached 815 centimetres and was forecast to rise to 820-830
cm by tomorrow. He was unable to say when the operation might
begin.
    Meanwhile, high water at Cologne has forced vessels to
travel at reduced speed, a water authority spokesman in Cologne
said. But a water authority spokesman in Duisburg, 60 kms north
of Cologne, said vessels there were moving normally.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19238>
Dutch salvage firm Smit-Tak said it
may take some three weeks to lift the Swiss tug Orinoko and its
lighter Pavo which sank 10 days ago at Karlsruhe in West
Germany, blocking the Rhine river.
    Smit-Tak, which with its West German subsidiary Harms
Bergung GmbH was commissioned by the local water authorities to
raise the vessels, said its lifting fleet was in position and
divers had made the first inspection.
    Smit is still preparing its final salvage plan and said the
work would begin on Sunday.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19403>
The United States said Kuwait was
discussing plans to lease privately-owned U.S. tankers to
transport oil through the Gulf in addition to putting some of
its own vessels under American flags.
    State Department spokeswoman Phyllis Oakley, who made the
disclosure about the tankers, also told reporters the United
States expects to conclude very soon a favorable arrangement
with Saudi Arabia concerning expanded security cooperation in
the Gulf. The two developments occur as the Reagan
administration continued to come under fire in Congress for its
plans to bring 11 Kuwaiti tankers under American flags.
    The move is designed to protect the tankers from Iranian
attacks and ensure freedom of navigation in the strategic
waterway but has raised fears on Capitol Hill that it will draw
the United States into the seven-year-old Iran-Iraq War.
    "The Kuwaitis have discussed the possibility of chartering
U.S. flag vessels with the Maritime Administration," Oakley
said. She emphasized, however, that "if some charter arrangement
could be worked out, it would not supplant the reflagging
arrangement that we worked out with the Kuwaitis."
    In both cases, the ships would be eligible for U.S. Navy
escort in the Gulf, she said.

   The Washington Post today quoted John Gaughan, administrator
of the Martime Administration, as saying Kuwait has approached
an American shipping company about the possibility of a
charter.
    Gaughan said that earlier this week he told representatives
of the company, whose identify he did not know, that chartered
vessels flying the U.S. flag "would be protected," the newspaper
reported.
    Concerning Saudi Arabia, Oakley said "we are moving forward
in our talks ... on how we can tailor our efforts and security
cooperation to facilitate our Gulf operations."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19491>
Kuwait, whose shipping has come under
repeated attack by Iran, has the full support of Saudi Arabia
and other Gulf allies, a senior government official said.
    Cabinet spokesman Abdul-Aziz al-Otaibi, quoted by the
Kuwaiti news agency KUNA yesterday, said Foreign Minister
Sheikh Sabah al-Ahmed al-Sabah had told cabinet he had found
"complete support...At this delicate phase" during visits to Gulf
Cooperation Council (GCC) states.
    The GCC, an economic and military alliance which has
generally supported Iraq over Iran, comprises Bahrain, Kuwait,
Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19684>
U.S. moves to increase its warships in
and around the Mideast Gulf could trigger more attacks on
unprotected merchant ships but run little risk of sparking a
direct military clash with Iran, diplomats said.
    They said the American decision inevitably carries some
risk of armed confrontation, but Iran -- despite its blunt
rhetoric -- would want to avoid this as much as Washington.
    "As Iran knows very well, what America is bringing into the
Gulf could do serious damage," said one western diplomat.
    Diplomats see the greatest potential danger in more attacks
on "soft targets" such as merchant shipping not protected by
American or other western navy vessels patrolling the Gulf.
    The risk of Iranian attack on U.S. Warships or Kuwaiti oil
tankers carrying the U.S. Flag and under naval escort is rated
by diplomats as low. However, "There is the threat that the
Iranians, seeing these heavily protected U.S.-flag tankers,
will go for softer targets," one diplomat said.
    Tehran Radio quoted Iran's top defence spokesman Ali Akbar
Hashemi Rafsanjani as saying yesterday that Washington was
"moving to the brink of an armed encounter with us."
    The U.S. is increasing its Gulf fleet from seven to 10
warships and sending the refurbished battleship Missouri to
patrol just outside the Strait of Hormuz.
    The build-up ties in with U.S. plans to start escorting
Kuwaiti oil tankers next month, which have been re-registered
to fly the American flag to give them naval protection.
    Shipping serving Kuwait has come under repeated attack by
Iran, angered at the emirate's war backing of Iraq.
    Concern in the region has mounted over the threat posed by
Chinese-made Silkworm missiles, which the U.S. says Iran is
preparing to deploy near the Strait of Hormuz.
    The Missouri, with its four-escort flotilla, is likely to
make Iran think twice about using the missiles, diplomats said.
    A military source in the Gulf has said Iran also set up a
launching site for the Silkworms on captured Iraqi soil in the
Faw peninsula, within range of Kuwait.
    "But anything that went as far as a direct attack on Kuwaiti
territory would be a very serious escalation" likely moving
world opinion against Iran, remarked one.
    Some diplomats believe Iran could also consider carrying
out reprisals against the United States outside the Gulf.
    Rafsanjani, who is also parliamentary leader, predicted
last Friday "a river of blood" throughout the world in the event
of any U.S. strike against Iran.
    Western diplomats said Iran, which Washington has accused
of being behind state-sponsored terrorism, had no demonstrable
capacity to carry out attacks in the U.S. itself.
    Diplomats saw few potential targets in Lebanon now that
most Americans have left in the wake of kidnappings linked to
pro-Iranian groups. But Europe and Asia were potential
trouble-spots, and Kuwait was one of the most obvious targets.
    Any backlash was likely to take the form of sabotage or
other action to make it difficult to blame Iran, they added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19756>
U.S. House Speaker Jim Wright said he
would question President Reagan tomorrow about his plan to
protect Kuwaiti oil tankers with U.S. warships from attacks by
Iran in the Gulf.
    House and Senate Democrats, who control Congress, have been
critical of Reagan's plan but have not decided how or if they
should try to pass legislation to prohibit it.
    Wright, a Texas Democrat, told reporters the Administration
had gone ahead with plans to reflag the Kuwaiti tankers as U.S.
ships without asking Congressional leaders for their advice.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19882>
The United States responded to an
apparent escalation of Iranian rhetoric with continued
assurances that its expanded military force in the Gulf would
play purely a deterrent role.
    "I can only emphasize that our role there is deterrent, that
we're going to be assuring safety for American shipping and
that that shipping is not related to the war itself," State
Department spokesman Charles Redman told reporters.
    He was asked about Iranian claims that the United States
was moving towards the brink of armed conflict with Iran.
    Tehran Radio quoted defence spokesman Ali Akbar Hashemi
Rafsanjani telling a visiting Nicaraguan delegation yesterday,
"At the moment the United States is moving towards the brink of
an armed encounter with us.
    "We are not concerned about this and believe that the U.S.
Presence in the war will make our nation even more serious. We
are determined to stand firm and will certainly win."
    The United States disclosed last week it was beefing up its
Gulf fleet from seven to 10 warships and also sending the
refurbished battleship Missouri to patrol just outside the
strategic Strait of Hormuz, entrance to the Gulf.
    The buildup ties in with U.S. Plans to escort Kuwaiti oil
tankers which have been re-registered to fly the American flag
and gain naval protection against Iranian attacks.
    Asked about the Iranian rhetoric, White House spokesman
Marlin Fitzwater said, "We won't have any comment or response to
the Iranian statements. Our position has been made clear about
the status of events in the Gulf. We want an end to the war
with no winners and no losers and any activities or statements
that tend to prolong the war or increase hostilities are not
helpful or welcome."
    Redman said he could not independently confirm reports that
Iran has offered to halt attacks on Gulf shipping.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19996>
Japan said it understood why the U.S.
Attacked an Iranian oil platform on Monday.
    "Japan, deeply concerned over the increasing threat to the
ships navigating in the Gulf, understands the circumstances
that have led the United States government to take these
measures," the Foreign Ministry said in a statement.
    The statement added that the threat to free and safe
navigation had increased after the missile attack on a
U.S.-flagged tanker in Kuwaiti territorial waters last Friday.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20030>
Oil prices would skyrocket for a time if
conflict in the Gulf closed the Strait of Hormuz, but oil
supplies could be adjusted to take care of world demand,
Indonesian Energy Minister Subroto said.
    He made no explicit reference to the latest U.S. Military
action in the Gulf.
    But in an address to a conference of the Indonesian
Petroleum Association, he said, "If worst comes to worst and say
the flow of oil through the Straits of Hormuz is completely
shut off, I believe the world oil supply, given time to adjust,
can take care of the situation."
    "But this is not to say that prices, at least for a short
duration, will not skyrocket as speculators take advantage of
the situation," he declared.
    Tensions in the Gulf, however, usually had a relatively
short-term impact on prices, he added.
    Assessing future price trends, he said, "Short-term spot
prices will probably still fluctuate, but they will most likely
hover around the official Opec price basket of 18 dlrs per
barrel.
    "The upward deviations, however, are likely to be greater
than the downward ones."
    "The balance between supply and demand in the short term
will still be delicate," he added. "Non-Opec production may still
go up, competing with Opec for the expected additional increase
in world demand."
    Subroto, a member of Opec's three-man quota committee which
has been touring cartel members, said speculation may play
havoc with spot prices, but Opec was trying to stabilize the
situation by urging cooperation by non-Opec producers.
    In the medium term, non-Opec production would reach a
plateau in the early 1990s, leaving Opec much stronger, he
said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20034>
An Iranian shuttle tanker reported
spotting a floating mine in the central Gulf on Tuesday about
50 miles west of Lavan Island, regional shipping sources said.
    The Khark III, owned by the National Iranian Tanker Co,
gave the position of the mine as 27 degrees 14 minutes north,
52.06 east.
    There was no indication of measures being taken against the
mine, which is in Iranian territorial waters.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20092>
Iranian Premier Mir-Hossein Mousavi
reiterated his country would retaliate for U.S. Navy attacks on
Gulf oil platforms.
    "The U.S. Attack on Iran's oil platforms jeopardises our
national sovereignty ... And we will retaliate properly for
this perfidious American aggression," Mousavi told a news
conference in Damascus.  On Monday U.S. Navy warships blasted
the Rostam platform, and Navy personnel stormed a second
platform a few miles away. Washington said the operation was
aimed at destroying positions used by Iran to track and assault
neutral Gulf shipping.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20101>
Iran is preparing lawsuits to file for
compensation from the U.S. Over the American raid on its Gulf
oil platforms, Tehran radio quoted Iranian Oil Minister
Gholamreza Aqazadeh as saying.
    The lawsuits would be filed with competent international
bodies once the exact damage was calculated, he was quoted
telling a news conference in Tehran. He earlier estimated the
damage from the U.S. Raid at about 500 mln dlrs.
    The rigs, one of which was heavily shelled by four American
destroyers on Monday, were still burning almost 24 hours after
the attack, he said.
    Aqazadeh said the half-billion-dollar damage estimate was
preliminary. Washington has said the attack was in response to
a missile strike against the American-flag tanker the Sea Isle
City in Kuwaiti waters on Friday.
    He denied that there was any military hardware on the rigs
"except a 23 mm machinegun for air defence." Reacting to
Weinberger's remark that Washington considered the case closed,
Aqazadeh said: "Iran will also consider the case closed after
its retaliatory measure." Iranian officials have said their
response would not be limited to the Gulf and U.S. Interests
around the world might come under attack.
    Aqazadeh said the U.S. Military presence in the Gulf
aggravated the regional crisis and made access to the region's
oil more difficult, but he did not see the U.S. Attack
significantly affecting oil prices.
    IRNA said he gave no explicit reply when asked if the
attack would prompt Iran to block the Hormuz Strait at the
entrance to the Gulf.
    "If Iran cannot use the Hormuz Strait, no other country can
either, and this would be to everyone's harm," the radio quoted
him as saying.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20103>
Iranian Premier Mir-Hossein Mousavi
reiterated his country would retaliate for U.S. Navy attacks on
Gulf oil platforms.
    "The U.S. Attack on Iran's oil platforms jeopardises our
national sovereignty ... And we will retaliate properly for
this perfidious American aggression," Mousavi told a news
conference in Damascus.  On Monday U.S. Navy warships blasted
the Rostam platform, and Navy personnel stormed a second
platform a few miles away. Washington said the operation was
aimed at destroying positions used by Iran to track and assault
neutral Gulf shipping.

 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20261>
Two large container cranes donated
by the Danish International Development Agency (DANIDA) have
arrived in Dar es Salaam where they will help to increase the
port's cargo handling capacity, port officials said.
    The two new container cranes join one Danish container
crane already installed in the port, which is an important
trade outlet for Tanzania, Zambia, Malawi and eastern Zaire.
    Five more cranes from Finland are due to arrive soon,
increasing the container terminal's handling capacity to
120,000 units per year from 30,000 at present, the officials
said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20333>
Iran's top war spokesman Ali Akbar
Hashemi Rafsanjani on Tuesday called the U.S. Attacks on two of
its Gulf oil platforms an escalation and promised retaliation.
    "God willing, we will carry out our duty in the coming days
and make them sorry," said Rafsanjani in a speech to Parliament
later broadcast by Tehran Radio.
    The Tehran leadership have been quick to threaten vengeance
after the U.S. Raids on the rigs, one of which was destroyed.
    President Ali Khamenei, Prime Minister Mir-Hossein Mousavi
and now Rafsanjani within 24 hours of the U.S. Action have all
vowed retaliation.
    Rafsanjani, the parliamentary speaker, said, "It is not a
threat or an attempt at intimidation when we say we will
respond to aggression -- it is a reality and we have proved it
in practice." He added that the American attack "squares neither
with its superpower image nor its claim of concern with
security, nor reason and wisdom."
    U.S. Warships shelled an Iranian offshore oil platform and
American special forces boarded another, destroying equipment.
    The U.S. Government said the attack was a measured response
to an Iranian missile attack on the American-flagged Kuwaiti
tanker Sea Isle City in Kuwaiti waters last Friday.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20464>
The United States warned Iran again 
that it was ready to retaliate for any further hostile military
action in the Gulf as U.S. warships began escorting another
tanker convoy southward from Kuwait.
    U.S. Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger said the U.S.
sought no further Gulf hostitilies but was ready to deal with
any Iranian response to Monday's attack on an Iranian oil rig.
    Several hours later, the Pentagon announced that U.S.
warships had begun escorting two U.S. flag Kuwaiti tankers --
the 80,000 ton product carrier Ocean City and 46,000 ton
liquified petroleum tanker Gas King -- southward from Kuwait.
    The Defense Department said the 12th such convoy of U.S.
flagged Kuwaiti tankers through the Gulf began at 0230 EDT
under the escort by the U.S. guided missile frigate Ford. It
did not say what oth U.S. warships were in the area.
    "It (the convoy) is now progressing uneventfully in the
central Gulf," the Pentagon statement said.
    Asked on NBC's "Today" program if the United States was
prepared for a major war with Iran, Weinberger said, "Well we
are prepared I think for whatever eventualities emerge from
this situation but we don't look on it as a war."
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20624>
Confronted by new hostilities
involving U.S. forces in the Gulf, the U.S. Senate voted to end
Republican stalling tactics and limit debate on a measure that
could give Congress a larger role in Gulf policy.
    The measure, however, does not require President Reagan to
comply with the 1973 War Powers Act as does a related Senate
bill. The controversial War Powers Act could require a pullout
of U.S. forces from the Gulf.
    The Senate voted 67-28 to stop a filibuster and limit
debate to 30 hours on a bipartisan measure that requires Reagan
to report to Congress on Gulf policy within 60 days and calls
for a resolution to be passed in the House and Senate on the
situation in the volatile waterway 30 days later.
    The resolution could be about any Gulf-related issue,
including an expression of support or of disapproval for
Reagan's policy of protecting 11 Kuwaiti tankers from Iran in
the waterway. The Pentagon said the 12th U.S.-protected convoy
began moving through the Gulf early Tuesday.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20719>
Saudi Arabian Crown Prince Abdullah
bin Abdul Aziz was thanked by the Reagan administration for his
country's close, and closed-mouthed, cooperation with
Washington in the Gulf, a senior U.S. official said.
    "The Saudis are being very cooperative. It would be nice if
the Saudis would go more public, but it's their real estate,"
said the official who asked not to be named.
    He declined to describe what sort of help the Saudis were
providing, saying that Saudi officials are reluctant to
acknowledge their role in the Gulf where the United States has
stationed forces to protect shipping lanes.
    The prince met Vice President George Bush on Monday after
U.S. naval forces attacked offshore Iranian oil platforms in
what Washington said was retaliation for an Iranian attack on a
ship moored off Kuwait and flying the U.S. flag.
    Asked at the start of the meeting how he felt about the
attack, the prince, who is here on an official visit, replied,
"I believe what the United States has done is their
responsibility as a superpower."
    The senior U.S. official said his remark was an endorsement
of the U.S. attack.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20756>
The State Department says many U.S.
diplomatic missions overseas are on high alert for possible
retaliation from Iran for Monday's attack on two Iranian oil
platforms by American forces in the Gulf.
    At the same time, the Pentagon announced on Tuesday that
U.S. forces have begun escorting another Kuwaiti tanker convoy
southward through the Gulf from Kuwait.
    The State Department renewed its warning to Americans not
to travel to Iran because of what spokeswoman Phyllis Oakley
called, "its virulent anti-American policies and support for
terrorism."
    "The threat to Americans has increased significantly," she
said in announcing that the department was reiterating advice
it last made in January. The department said about 2,600
American citizens live in Iran, the overwhelming majority dual
nationalities.
    Oakley said no specific warning has been issued to U.S.
diplomats and Americans living abroad in the aftermath of the
U.S. attack on the oil drilling platforms, but "many of our
missions are on a high state of alert."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20774>
A new convoy of tankers escorted by
American warships headed down the Gulf on Wednesday, towards
Iranian oil platforms still oozing smoke after having being
blasted by U.S. Navy raiders.
    Some Gulf sea captains were reported to be steering well
clear of Iran's Silkworm missiles, however, and frontline
emirate Kuwait redeployed air defences to counter the threat.
    "I think the predominant feeling ... Is of being scared this
conflict will escalate," a top West German Foreign Ministry
official, Helmut Schaefer, told reporters in Bahrain after a
tour of three Gulf states.
b
    Shipping sources said on Tuesday night at least six sea
captains had voiced fears that Iran would avenge Monday's U.S.
Raids by unleashing more Silkworm missiles at ships plying the
Gulf.
    Belgium decided two minesweepers en route for the Gulf
would stay out for the time being following Monday's U.S.
Action.
    But there was no sign that the prospect of more tit-for-tat
assaults had reduced the level of shipping activity in the
area.
    Iran, having vowed to react strongly after Monday's U.S.
Action, launched a barrage of threats and ridicule.
    For its part, Washington warned Iran again on Tuesday that
it was ready for any further hostile action.
    Pentagon officials then announced that a U.S. Guided
missile destroyer began escorting two Kuwaiti tankers flying
the U.S. flag southwards--the 80,000 tonne product carrier
Ocean City and 46,000 tonne petroleum tanker Gas King.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20828>
The U.S. Senate on Tuesday backed
President Reagan's retaliatory strike against Iranian targets
in the Gulf as it moved to take a greater role in making policy
in the volatile region.
    Senators voted 92-1 for a non-binding measure that endorsed
Monday's U.S. attack on two Iranian oil platforms in
retaliation for an Iranian attack last Friday on a Kuwaiti ship
flying the American flag.
    The measure said the attack was a firm indication of U.S.
resolve that Iran "cannot take military action against the
United States with impunity."
    Earlier, the Senate cut off Republican stalling tactics and
set a vote on a measure that could give Congress a larger role
in making Gulf policy. The measure, however, does not require
Reagan to comply with the 1973 War Powers Act, which could lead
to a pullout of U.S. forces from the Gulf.
    While Democrats and Republicans praised the U.S.
retaliatory strike, many voiced new fears about the growing
U.S. involvement in the Gulf and some demanded that Reagan
comply with the War Powers Act.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20881>
The United States invoked the right
of self-defense in destroying an Iranian oil platform in the
Gulf, the American delegation told the United Nations.
    Lieutenant General Vernon Walters sent letters about the
incident to Security Council President Maurizio Bucci, the
delegate of Italy, and Secretary General Javier Perez de
Cuellar.
    U.N. press secretary Francois Giuliani said the Secretary
General had no comment on the attack, which followed his appeal
last Friday for restraint in the crisis while he pursued
efforts to obtain a ceasefire between Iran and Iraq.
    In his explanation, Walters said the United States took
defensive action in response to an Iranian attack against
American ships in the Gulf.
    He cited an Iranian Silkworm missile strike last Friday in
Kuwait waters against the United States-flag ship Sea Isle
City.
    Walters said that military forces on the destroyed Iranian
platform had engaged in a variety of actions against United
States-flag and other nonbelligerent vessels and planes.
    "In accordance with Article 51 of the United Nations
(Charter), I wish, on behalf of my government, to report that
United States forces have exercised the inherent right of
self-defense under internation law by taking defensive action
in response to attacks by . . . Iran against United States
vessels in the Gulf," Walters said.
    Members of the Security Council met behind closed doors on
Monday to discuss developments in the Gulf war, but no
statement was issued afterwards.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20882>
France voiced its comprehension for a U.S.
Attack on an Iranian target while calling for a swift halt to
the Gulf War to avoid further escalation.
    "The French authorities reaffirm their attachment to the
freedom and security of navigation and to the right of all
states to take action under international law and the United
Nations charter to halt attacks such as that of October 16," the
Foreign Ministry spokesman said in a statement.
    The United States said its forces destroyed an Iranian oil
platform in the Gulf and struck at a second on Monday in
retaliation for a recent Iranian missile attack on a
U.S.-flagged Kuwaiti ship.
    Washington said the platforms were used to monitor shipping
and to launch small-boat attacks on shipping. The French
statement described the target as "an Iranian military platform."
    But the French statement added that "everything must be done
now to avoid that these military developments lead to a new
escalation of the conflict."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20890>
American lawmakers rallied behind
President Reagan for the U.S. strike against Iranian targets in
the Gulf but the attack fueled a sharp new White House-Congress
debate over limits on his powers to make war.
    The Pentagon announced on Monday that U.S. warships
destroyed a non-producing oil platform used for monitoring Gulf
ship traffic and military operations, and also raided a second
Iranian oil rig in retaliation for an earlier Iranian attack on
a Kuwaiti ship flying the American flag.
    Many Democrats, who control Congress, and Republicans
expressed support for the attack and praised it as an
appropriate "measured response."
    But Democrats and liberal Republicans voiced new fears that
the growing confrontation between Tehran and the United States
could erupt into a major war, and demanded that Reagan comply
with the 1973 War Powers Act, which could lead to a pullout of
American forces from the waterway.
    "Those who contend the strike was necessary must realize
their words are easily construed as a tacit endorsement of war
with Iran," said Sen Mark Hatfield of Oregon, a Republican.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20902>
Italian Prime Minister Giovanni Goria told
the cabinet on Monday he was worried about the increased
tension in the Gulf, but said America's retaliation against
Iran had been limited.
    A statement issued after a cabinet meeting said Goria had
been informed by the United States that it would take action
against an Iranian target in the Gulf, but had not known
beforehand that the action would involve an attack on an oil
platform.
    "The prime minister expressed his concern over the possible
consequences of increased tension in the Gulf, at the same time
recognizing the limited character of the American military
reaction to the attacks it has suffered in the past few days,"
the statement said.
    Goria said Italy's own ships were far from the platform at
the time of the attack and the fleet had been advised to follow
events with caution.
    Italy has sent eight ships, including three frigates and
three minesweepers, to the Gulf to protect Italian merchant
shipping there.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20981>
U.S. warships destroyed an Iranian oil
platform in the Gulf on Monday and the Navy also raided a
second oil rig in retaliation for Friday's Iranian missile
attack on a U.S. flag tanker, the Pentagon said.
    President Reagan and Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger
warned Iran of even stronger countermeasures if the military
escalation between the two countries continued in the volatile
waterway.
    Reagan said he ordered the strike on the first platform by
four U.S. destroyers, which fired about 1,000 five-inch shells
at the Rostam oil rig 120 miles east of Bahrain in the central
Gulf.
    A short time later, Navy personnel boarded a second Iranian
oil platform about five miles to the north and destroyed radar
and communications equipment before leaving the structure, the
Pentagon said.
     Defense Department spokesman Fred Hoffman told reporters
that the second platform had been abandoned by Iranian
personnel during the shelling and destruction of the first rig.
    The United States said both platforms were being used to
keep track of Gulf merchant shipping and to launch speedboat
attacks on such shipping by Iranian Revolutionary guards.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20991>
British Foreign Secretary Sir Geoffrey
Howe backed the United States' attack on an Iranian oil
platform on Monday and said it should not worsen the Gulf
crisis.
    "The United States is fully entitled to take military action
in exercise of rights of self-defense, in the face of the
imminent threat of further attacks," Howe said in a statement
issued in London.
    The United States said its forces destroyed the platform on
Monday in retaliation for an Iranian missile attack on a U.S.-
flagged Kuwaiti ship last Friday.
    Referring to that attack, Howe added, "I trust the Iranians
will fully understand that continued attacks of this kind will
only enhance justification for firm action in self-defense."
    At a press conferenced in Luxembourg during a meeting of
European Community (EC) ministers, Howe was asked about
statements from a senior Iranian official who said America was
now involved in a full-scale war.
    "It would be profoundly undesirable and quite unjustified
for Iran to react in that way," he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21002>
Huge oil platforms dot the Gulf like
beacons -- usually lit up like Christmas trees at night.
    One of them, sitting astride the Rostam offshore oilfield,
was all but blown out of the water by U.S. Warships on Monday.
    The Iranian platform, an unsightly mass of steel and
concrete, was a three-tier structure rising 200 feet (60
metres) above the warm waters of the Gulf until four U.S.
Destroyers pumped some 1,000 shells into it.
    The U.S. Defense Department said just 10 pct of one section
of the structure remained.
    U.S. helicopters destroyed three Iranian gunboats after an
American helicopter came under fire earlier this month and U.S.
forces attacked, seized, and sank an Iranian ship they said had
been caught laying mines.
    But Iran was not deterred, according to U.S. defense
officials, who said Iranian forces used Chinese-made Silkworm
missiles to hit a U.S.-owned Liberian-flagged ship on Thursday
and the Sea Isle City on Friday.
    Both ships were hit in the territorial waters of Kuwait, a
key backer of Iraq in its war with Iran.
    Henry Schuler, a former U.S. diplomat in the Middle East
now with CSIS said Washington had agreed to escort Kuwaiti
tankers in order to deter Iranian attacks on shipping.
    But he said the deterrence policy had failed and the level
of violence and threats to shipping had increased as a result
of U.S. intervention and Iran's response.
    The attack on the oil platform was the latest example of a
U.S. "tit-for-tat" policy that gave Iran the initiative, said
Harlan Ullman, an ex-career naval officer now with CSIS.
    He said with this appraoch America would suffer "the death
of one thousand cuts."
    But for the United States to grab the initiative
militarily, it must take warlike steps such as mining Iran's
harbors or blockading the mouth of the Gulf through which its
shipping must pass, Schuler said.
    He was among those advocating mining as a means of bringing
Iran to the neogtiating table. If vital supplies were cut off,
Tehran could not continue the war with Iraq.
    Ullman said Washington should join Moscow in a diplomatic
initiative to end the war and the superpowers should impose an
arms embargo against Tehran if it refused to negotiate.
    He said the United States should also threaten to mine and
blockade Iran if it continued fighting and must press Iraq to
acknowledge responsibility for starting the war as part of a
settlement.
    Iranian and Western diplomats say Iraq started the war by
invading Iran's territory in 1980. Iraq blames Iran for the
outbreak of hostilities, which have entailed World War I-style
infantry attacks resulting in horrific casualties.
    Each side has attacked the others' shipping.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21006>
A U.S. attack on an Iranian oil platform
in the Gulf on Monday appeared to be a tit-for-tat raid
carefully orchestrated not to be too provocative or upset Arab
allies, Western diplomats in the region said.
    U.S. Defence Secretary Caspar Weinberger said Monday that
U.S. Warships destroyed the oil platform in the southern Gulf
in response to a missile strike on the American-registered
Kuwaiti tanker Sea Isle City in Kuwaiti waters on Friday.
    "We consider the matter closed," he said, a signal the U.S.
administration did not want the Gulf crisis to escalate.
    Iran had warned the United States earlier in the day
against exacerbating the Gulf crisis, saying military action
would endanger American interests.
    Following the raid, a okesman for Tehran's War
Information Headquarters vowed to avenge the attack with a
"crushing blow."
    "The United States has entered a swamp from which it can in
no way get out safely," Tehran Radio quoted him as saying.
    Diplomats noted, however, Iran was also seeking to avoid
ostracism by Arab states due to meet at a summit in Amman on
November 8 and discuss the Iran-Iraq war.
    Iranian Prime Minister Mir-Hossein Mousavi is currently in
Damascus, and diplomats said he would seek Syrian help in
preventing a total Arab breach with Tehran.
    Further escalation of the war threatening the Gulf Arab
states could work against Tehran at the Amman gathering, they
said.
    "The ball is in Iran's court now. It's up to Tehran to
respond one way or the other," a diplomat said.
    President Ronald Reagan warned Iran of stronger American
countermeasures if the military escalation continued.
    Western diplomats and military sources in the area said
shelling the platform appeared to be the least provocative act
the United States could have taken once it had decided to
retaliate for the tanker attack, blamed by both the Americans
and Kuwaitis on Iran.
    "It's interesting that they chose something in international
waters because it doesn't implicate any other nation," one
diplomat said. "This was better for U.S. Relations with the Gulf
Arab states, particularly Kuwait."
    Commented another diplomat: "Kuwait must be happy that the
U.S. Has done something, but relieved that Faw was not attacked
on its doorstep."
    One source said of the attack on the oil platform: "They
managed to warn off the crew and hit something that was the
least nuisance to everybody."
    A diplomat commented: "They were very clever in the place
they chose. It gets attention, but it hasn't devastated
anything because it wasn't working in the first place."
    A senior Arab banker in the area said after the news broke:
"This was a good, measured response without risking a flare-up
... It is a face-saving response (for the Americans)."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21013>
Military experts say the United States
faces a dilemma in the Gulf following U.S. destruction of an
Iranian oil platform in retaliation for an attack on a
U.S.-flagged tanker.
    The experts told Reuters Tehran holds the initiative and is
likely to control the tempo and direction of the conflict as
long as America simply reacts to Iranian attacks by launching
limited retaliatory strikes.
    But if Washington seizes the initiative with bolder steps
-- such as mining Iran's harbors, blockading its shipping, or
destroying key bases -- it could find itself in a major war.
    "Iran is in the driver's seat in an absolute sense as the
cycle of attack and retaliation continues," said Fred Axelgard,
a Gulf War expert with the private Center for Strategic and
International Studies (CSIS).
    "It's like a Greek tragedy," said retired Adm. Eugene Carroll
of Washington's private Center for Defense Information (CDI)
think tank.
    Some Middle East experts say the only way out is for
Washington to join forces with Moscow in pressing for an end to
the war between Iran and Iraq.
    They say it is not feasible for America to withdraw its
30-ship force from the Gulf area, where the Navy began
escorting U.S.-flagged Kuwaiti tankers in July. Withdrawal 
would give the appearance of being chased away by Iran, which
President Reagan could never accept.
    U.S. Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger told a Pentagon
news conference the destroyers Kidd, Young, Leftwich and Hoel
fired about 1,000 rounds of five-inch shells at Iran's Rostam
oil rig 120 miles east of Bahrain beginning at about 1400 Gulf
time (0700 EDT) on Monday.
    Weinberger said the platform had been used as a military
base by Iran and that the attack responded to an Iranian
Silkworm missile strike on the U.S.-flagged Kuwaiti tanker Sea
Isle City on Friday.
    Iranians manning the platform were warned in advance and
allowed to escape.
    "We do not seek further confrontation with Iran, but we will
be prepared to meet any escalation of military action by Iran
with stronger countermeasures," Weinberger said.
    "We consider this matter closed," he said.
    Analysts ranging from the liberal CDI to conservatives
agreed the U.S. reaction was measured, reasonable and did not
escalate the conflict unduly. But they said the question was
whether Iran would consider the matter closed. It had not taken
this view after earlier clashes.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21149>
Iran said several people were injured in
Monday's U.S. Attack on an Iranian offshore oil site and vowed
retaliation, Tehran radio reported.
    It quoted President Ali Khamenei as saying, "We will
definitely retaliate and will not leave this American move
unanswered."
    A broadcast monitored in Nicosia said several civilian
personnel on the Rashadat oil platforms in the Gulf east of
Qatar were injured when U.S. Warships bombarded them this
afternoon. It described damage as "severe."
    Washington said four American frigates shelled and
destroyed two Iranian platforms at the Rashadat (formerly
Rostam) field at 1100 GMT on Monday in response to Friday's
missile attack on a U.S.-flag ship in Kuwaiti waters.
    The U.S. Said Iranians used the platforms for military
pruposes and had fired on an American helicopter from the rigs
earlier this month.
    Khamenei denied that the platforms had military gear or
personnel and said the U.S. Attack lacked miltary value.
    "With this move Mr. Reagan has committed a big mistake and
has definitely increased his problems...
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21216>
A top Iranian military official said
America's attack on an Iranian oil platform on Monday had
involved the United States in full-scale war and Iran would
avenge it with a "crushing blow."
    "The United States has entered a swamp from which it can in
no way get out safely," the Iranian news agency IRNA quoted the
head of Iran's war information headquarters as saying.
    The official, Kamal Kharrazi, said Washington had now
become involved in what he called a full-fledged war with Iran.
    It was the first official Iranian reaction to the attack by
four U.S. Navy destroyers on the Reshadat oil platform.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21371>
The International Telecommunications
Union, which regulates communications worldwide, decided at the
end of a five-week conference to allow mobile phone systems to
be linked with satellites, telecommunications officials said.
    Until now, car phones have been linked with land stations
and have been limited mainly to urban areas. The new ruling
will make it easier for calls to be made from remote regions.
    The meeting, which finished over the weekend, also decided
to allow a "radio determination satellite system," which would
enable fleet owners to trace to within about 15 metres the
movements of their lorries or cars or ships around the world.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21443>
Iran said U.S. Naval forces attacked two
of its oil platforms in the southern Gulf on Monday afternoon,
the Iranian news agency IRNA reported.
    IRNA, received in Nicosia, said an informed source at the
Iranian oil ministry identified the two platforms as Resalat
and Reshadat, about 60 miles from Iran's Lavan island oil
storage site.
    Regional shipping sources earlier said three Iranian
offshore oil sites at Sassan, Rostam and Rakhsh had been
attacked at 7.00 A.M. (0300 GMT) on Monday by unidentified
aircraft.
    In Washington, U.S. Defence Secretary Caspar Weinberger
said four U.S. Destroyers attacked and destroyed an Iranian oil
platform about 120 miles east of Bahrain.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21459>
U.S. warships attacked and destroyed
an Iranian oil platform on Monday in retaliation for Friday's
Iranian attack damaging a U.S.-flagged ship, U.S. Defense
Secretary Caspar Weinberger said.
    When asked how much was left of the oil platform,
Weinberger said, "Nothing."
    "There was no Iranian reaction," he said. "... We consider
this matter is now closed."
    Weinberger said four U.S. destroyers attacked the platform
about 120 miles east of Bahrain in the central Gulf with fire
at 0700 EDT, Weinberger said.
    "We chose a platform used by the Iranians to interfere with
and be a source of potential attack on convoys...," Weinberger
said at a Pentagon briefing. 
    "We know it has been used indeed, to not only launch small
boat attacks on shipping but to fire on U.S. helicopters...
    "It's removal will contribute significantly to the safety of
U.S. forces in the future," Weinberger said of the U.S. Navy's
operation to escort oil tankers through the Gulf.
    "We do not seek further confrontation with Iran but we will
be prepared to meet any escalation of military actions by Iran
with stronger countermeasures," Weinberger said.
    He said the 20 to 30 Iranian personnel on the oil platform
were given a 20-minute warning to abandon the platform.
    "As far as we know they did abandon the site," he said.
    Weinberger was asked why the United States had chosen to
attack an oil platform rather than Iranian Silkworm missile
platforms blamed by Washington for Friday's attack.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21475>
Unidentified jets attacked three Iranian
oil rigs in the southern Gulf early on Monday, setting at least
one of them ablaze, regional shipping sources said.
    Earlier today in Washington, U.S. Television networks had
reported that American forces launched a retaliatory strike
against Iran late Sunday, attacking two Iranian offshore oil
drilling platforms and setting them ablaze.
    The shipping sources said Iran's Sassan, Rostam and Rakhsh
offshore oilfields were attacked at 0700 local (0300 GMT) by a
wave of jet fighter bombers. Smoke was seen spiralling up from
the Rostam field soon after.
    At least one of the other two targets was also believed to
be ablaze, the sources said.
    The Sassan and Rostam fields have been targets for Iraqi
air strikes in the past, but Baghdad had not reported any
southern Gulf missions prior to news of the latest attack.
    Shipping and military sources in the region have said Iran
used its southern Gulf rigs as bases to launch helicopter and
later speedboat attacks on neutral ships in the waterway.
    U.S. Officials had been meeting on a response since Friday
when an attack on a Kuwaiti port severely damaged a
U.S.-flagged ship. President Reagan said on Sunday he had
already made a decision on the U.S. Response to Friday's Iran
attack but would not say what the decision was.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21482>
Unidentified jets raided three Iranian
oil rigs in the southern Gulf on Monday, setting at least one
of them ablaze, regional shipping sources said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21486>
Saudi Arabia is likely to remain the key
supplier of liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) to Japan for at least
the next five years, oil industry sources said.
    Japan, while diversifying its supply sources of propane and
butane for stable supplies, will continue to bank on Saudi
Arabian LPG, the sources said.
    They said Saudi's supply capabilities of LPG, an associate
of crude oil, is guaranteed by its crude output capacity. "Saudi
is a reliable supplier in that sense," said one trader.
    Japan imports about 50 pct of its LPG from Saudi Arabia.
    No single nation could substitute for Saudi Arabia as an
LPG supply source to Japan, the sources said.
    "Saudi Arabia has committed itself to Japanese LPG buyers,
which has quelled fears that LPG supplies from the Mideast Gulf
could easily be disrupted in the wake of heightened hostilities
in that area," said another trader.
    Saudi Arabia cut LPG shipments to Japan and elsewhere by 20
pct in September after a fire put a major gas plant at
Al-Juaimah out of operation. October shipments were back to
contractual volumes as Saudi was able to boost exports from
other ports.
    Attacks on Gulf shipping by Iran and Iraq centered on crude
rather than products carriers, which has lulled fears of LPG
supply disruptions, traders said.
    They said an Iranian blockade of the Strait of Hormuz was
unlikely because it would block Iran's oil shipments.
    Industry sources said Japan's LPG imports will not greatly
rise or fall as its domestic demand growth is estimated at a
moderate 2.1 pct a year from 1986 through 1991.
    Japanese term buyers of Saudi LPG are expected to lift
slightly lower volumes from January 1987, when imports from
Indonesia are slated to increase, the sources said.
    The customers are unlikely to slash Saudi term purchases in
large scale when Japan increases annual imports of Indonesian
LPG to 1.95 mln tonnes in early 1989 from 319,000 tonnes in the
year ended March 1987, the sources said.
    But when demand is sluggish in summer, they will phase down
term purchases of Saudi LPG and secure lower-priced cargoes on
the spot market, they said.
    Japan imports some 12 mln tonnes of LPG a year, of which
5.3 mln tonnes are supplied by Saudi Arabia, 3.3 mln under term
contracts and two mln through spot purchases. Some 80 pct of
Japan's LPG imports are from the Middle East.
    Saudi Arabia's state owned oil company Petromin has made
some concessions on term prices to Japanese customers in the
recent round of contract renewal talks, and it is likely the
Japanese will accept the offer, the sources said.
    The Japanese term customers, however, have so far been
unsuccessful in establishing a transparent price formula to
replace the existing unilateral monthly price notice.
    Japanese buyers pay Saudi Arabia a price notified by
Petromin each month. Most recently the FOB price was set at 87
pct of the 17.52 dlrs per barrel government selling price (GSP)
of Arabian Light.
    Buyers reserve the right to phase down or out liftings
should the monthly price be set at over 95 pct of Arabian
Light's GSP.
    Petromin has offered to lower this rate to 90 pct from the
95 pct for contracts with Japanese customers from next January,
the trade sources said.
    Petromin also suggested that a seller's option of supplying
up to 20 pct more than the contractural volume be subject to
seller-buyer agreement.
    Under the present contract, Petromin can automatically cut
supplies up to 10 pct of the contractual volume.
    "If you want to import LPG from Saudi Arabia on a profitable
basis, you have to set the price factor at 80 to 85 pct," said
an official at a major importer. "Freight costs are higher for
cargoes coming from the Gulf than Southeast Asia due to a
longer haul and war risk insurance payments."
    Japanese customers will visit Saudi Arabia this month to
finalise their separate contract talks, now focusing on
contractual period and volume, which could be very similar to
current levels, the sources said. "When we talk business, we
would seek profitability and sometimes forget vulnerability of
high dependence on a single supplier," said one.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21492>
U.S. television networks said on
Monday that U.S. forces launched a retaliatory strike against
Iran late Sunday, apparently attacking two Iranian offshore oil
drilling platforms.
    NBC News said it understood six Iranians had been pulled
from the sea.
    It said cautiously that U.S. forces attacked late Sunday
and that two Iranian oil platforms east of Bahrain were ablaze
as a result, but CBS News and other networks said flatly that
U.S. forces attacked the Iranian oil platforms.
    U.S. officials had been meeting on a response since Friday
when an attack on a Kuwaiti port severely damaged a
U.S.-flagged ship.
    President Reagan said on Sunday he had already made a
decision on the U.S. response to Friday's Iran attack but would
not say what the decision was.
    Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger said on Saturday the
attack on a U.S.-flagged ship in Kuwaiti waters on Friday was
almost certainly by an Iran Silkworm missile.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21501>
A U.S. Defense Department spokesman
said he had no information on London oil and stock market
rumors that the United States had launched a retaliatory strike
against Iran for an attack on Friday that damaged a U.S. shi
    "I don't have anything," Major Randy Morger said. "I have no
information at all."
    President Reagan said on Sunday he had already made a
decision on the U.S. response to Friday's Iran attack but would
not say what the decision was.
    Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger said on Saturday the
attack on a U.S.-flagged ship in Kuwaiti waters on Friday was
almost certainly by an Iran Silkworm missile.
    Some of the rumors in the London markets were that the
United States had launched an offshore strike against Iranian
missile installations.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21506>
Kuwait's oil exports have not been
affected by the seven-year Iran-Iraq war, Kuwait Oil Tanker
Company (KOTC) Chairman and Managing Director Abdul Fattah
al-Bader told a Kuwaiti newspaper.
    "Kuwait has exploited all available opportunities to
continue exporting its oil without any reduction," the Al-Anbaa
newspaper quoted him as saying.
    He said KOTC made profits of more than two mln dinars
(seven mln dlrs) in the fiscal year ending last June, but
predicted lower profits this year due to higher costs for
chartering and operating vessels.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21517>
Iran warned the United States on Monday
against exacerbating the Gulf crisis, saying it would endanger
American interests.
    Tehran Radio, monitored by the British Broadcasting
Corporation, said a spokesman for Iran's War Information
Headquarters was responding "to U.S. Officials' remarks about
taking military action against Iran."
    The radio also quoted an Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesman
as saying Iran would respond decisively to any aggressive
measure by the United States.
    The radio said the spokesman made the statement "following
the attack on a Kuwaiti ship under the U.S. Flag and comments
by American officials on carrying out retaliatory action
against Iran."
    The spokesman said, "Any U.S. Military aggression against
Iran will certainly be the beginning of an extensive clash in
the Persian Gulf, and amidst this our principled policy is to
confront any act which escalates tension."
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21523>
The Cyprus vessel Fearless, 31,841 tonnes
dw, which was on fire, grounded then towed to Yantai, China, in
August, had all its cargo reloaded but the cargo in the no. 3
hold caught fire on October 15.
    The fire was put out with salt water and water from the
no.4 hold has spread over most of the cargo. Some water is also
in the no.5 hold. Bottom patching was reported complete but
only the no.4 starboard wing tank has been pumped out and
remains dry. The engine room is flooded to about three metres.
    The ship was originally loaded with 10,000 tonnes of animal
feed.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21526>
Lloyds Shipping Intelligence service said
the British bulk carrier Envoy, 75,453 tonnes dw, was grounded
at Mile 190 in the Orinoco river on October 16.
    The vessel was on a voyage from Trombetas, Brazil, to
Matanzas, Cuba, carrying 50,000 tonnes of bauxite. Its draught
was 36 feet.
     Attempts to refloat the vessel with the help of six tugs
have been unsuccessful. The owners are considering unloading
part of the cargo onto barges.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21574>
The Japan/India-Pakistan-Gulf/Japan
shipping conference said it would cut the extra risk insurance
surcharges on shipments to Iranian and Iraqi ports to a minimum
three pct from 4.5 pct on October 25.
    It said surcharges on shipments of all break-bulk cargoes
to non-Iraqi Arab ports would be reduced to 3.0 pct from 4.5.
    A conference spokesman declined to say why the move was
taken at a time of heightened tension in the Gulf.
 REUTER
</BODY>
