<BODY DOCID=16009>
Commodities from gold to grains to
cotton posted solid gains in a flurry of buying today as losses
in the U.S. dollar and rising interest rates kindled fears of
inflation and economic instability.
    Gains were most pronounced on the Commodity Exchange in New
York, where gold jumped 12.40 dlrs and closed at 436.50 dlrs a
troy ounce, and silver 22.5 cents to 6.86 dlrs a troy ounce.
    A key factor behind the advance was anticipation that
inflation will be the only way for the major industrial nations
to halt the slide in the value of the U.S. dollar, said Steve
Chronowitz, director of commodity research with Smith Barney,
Harris Upham and Co., in New York.
    The dollar tumbled one day after top finance officials from
the seven largest industrial nations reaffirmed their
commitment to support its value, and despite reports of
intervention by the U.S. Federal Reserve Bank, traders said.
    Traders said it appears that the industrial nations, known
as the Group of Seven, lack the ability to change the long-term
direction of the currency markets.
    "Maybe they have some ideas or plans," said Chronowitz. "If
they do, it's not evident."
    "It looks like there's no cure but to let the free market
take values to where they should be.
    "One way or another, we will force our major trading
partners to stimulate their economies," as a measure to correct
the mounting U.S. trade deficit, Chronowitz said.
    "I think the markets believe, and have believed for a long
time, that the only recourse is to reflate at some point. It's
going to be a long and tedious process, but that's what's
happening," he said.
    The falling value of the dollar makes U.S. commodities
cheaper for foreign buyers, stimulating demand.
    At the same time, traders who are holding stocks and bonds
saw the value of their investments falling and many are turning
to commodities such as precious metals as a hedge, said Marty
McNeill, a metals analyst in New York with the trading house of
Dominick and Dominick.
    The reaction in the metal markets reverberated throughout
the commodities markets, as grains, livestock, and cotton
posted broad gains.
    Traders at the Chicago Board of Trade said attention in the
grain markets has shifted from concern about burdensome
supplies to the outlook that a lower dollar will stimulate
export demand.
    After the close of trading, the Agriculture Department
raised its estimate for grain imports by the Soviet Union by
two mln tonnes from the month-earlier report.
    Live hogs and frozen pork bellies posted sharp gains on the
Chicago Mercantile Exchange, while live cattle were moderately
higher.
    Analysts said several factors boosted hog prices. They said
hogs haven't been making the weight gains that are normal at
this time of year, and farmers have been too busy with field
work to market animals.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16248>
The number of British gold articles
hallmarked during the first quarter of this year rose by more
than 11 pct on the corresponding period last year, figures
released by the Assay Offices of Great Britain show.
    More than 2.5 mln British items were hallmarked during the
quarter, up 11.1 pct on the same year ago period. The four
Assay Offices also marked 832,222 foreign gold articles, up 2.5
pct on last year.
    In weight terms the 7.19 mln grams of British gold assayed
was a 15.3 pct increase, while the 2.95 mln grams of foreign
gold represented a rise of 3.1 pct.
    British silver goods assayed totalled 698,132, an increase
of 6.2 pct but only 78,457 foreign items were marked, a fall of
11.1 pct.
    A total of 10,968 kilos of silver were assayed, an 11.1 pct
rise.
    The number of platinum items marked fell 12.5 pct to 1,785,
while in weight terms the total slipped 8.1 pct to 9,849 grams.
    A spokesman for the Assay Offices of Great Britain said he
was particularly encouraged to see the percentage increase for
British manufactured goods.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17654>
The elimination of price limits on
precious metals contracts trading at the Commodity Exchange in
New York appears to be having little effect on the market,
analysts said.
    "There is nothing apparent from the change," said William
O'Neill, director of futures research at Elders Futures Inc.
"The market has not approached the old price limits and trading
is relative quiet, in narrow ranges," he added.
    Gold futures, which previously had a limit of 25 dlrs on
market moves in most back months, were about 7.00 dlrs weaker
in the nearby contracts amid thin conditions, traders said.
    On May 5, COMEX did away with price limits on the two
contracts following spot after a volatile market in silver
futures at the end of April caused severe disruptions.
    During the last week of April, silver futures traded up and
down the price limit in the back months, causing traders to
rush into the spot contract to offset those moves, analysts
said.  As a result, Elders' O'Neill said, there was much
confusion, many unmatched trades, and large losses.
    The COMEX fined Elders Futures and three other large firms
a total of 100,000 dlrs for failure to resolve unmatched trades
in a timely manner.
    Silver futures were trading about 30-40 cts weaker in the
nearby contracts amid quiet trading today.
    O'Neill said the elimination of price limits on all COMEX
metals futures would add caution to trading since all contracts
could move any distance.
    "This is amore realistic approach because the metals market
is a 24 hours market and prices can move without limit,"
O'Neill said.
    Paul Cain, a vice president at Shearson Lehman Brothers,
said the elimination of price limits will cut back on panic
buying or selling  and contribute to more orderly markets.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17714>
The elimination of limits on daily price
fluctuations for metals futures contracts traded on the
Commodity Exchange, COMEX, appears to be having little effect
on the market, analysts said.
    "There is nothing apparent from the change," said William
O'Neill, director of futures research at Elders Futures Inc.
    "The market has not approached the old price limits and
trading is relative quiet, in narrow ranges," he said.
    On May 5, COMEX eliminated price limits on the two
contracts following each spot delivery in gold, silver, copper
and aluminum futures after a review of its clearing operations,
which were severely tested by a volatile market in silver
futures at the end of April. COMEX announced Friday the lifting
of all daily limits, effective today.
    Gold futures, which previously had a limit of 25 dlrs per
ounce in most back months, were about 7.00 dlrs weaker in the
nearby contracts amid thin volume conditions, traders said.
    Silver futures, previously limited at 50 cents in most back
months, were trading about 30-40 cts weaker in the nearby
contracts amid quiet trading today.
    During the last week of April, silver futures often traded
at the daily allowable limit amid concerns about inflation, the
dollar, and other factors. Traders rushed into the spot, or
unlimited, contract to offset those moves, analysts said.
    As a result, O'Neill said, there was much confusion, many
unmatched trades, and large losses for some traders.
    The COMEX fined four large firms a total of 100,000 dlrs
for failure to resolve unmatched trades in a timely manner.
    Paul Cain, a vice president at Shearson Lehman Brothers,
said the elimination of price limits will cut back on panic
buying or selling and contribute to more orderly markets.
    O'Neill added that the elimination of daily limits would
add caution to trading.
    "This is a more realistic approach because the metals
market is a 24 hours market and prices can move without limit,"
O'Neill said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18489>
The Australian government has given
support in principle to the production of platinum and silver
bullion coins at the Perth Mint, Treasurer Paul Keating said.
    This followed the success of the Australian Nugget gold
bullion coins launched this year, he said in a statement.
    He said that, as with the Australian nuggets, the coins
would be legal tender. The platinum coins would be made in four
weights but the silver coin would be of one ounce weight.
    He said detailed arrangements for their issue would be
finalised after talks between the Federal authorities and the
Western Australian government, owner of the Perth Mint.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19764>
U.S. Minerals Exploration Co said it and
Pegasus Gold Inc &lt;PGUL.O> of Spokane, Wash, officially
commissioned a new gold, zinc and lead producing mine.
    U.S. Minerals said the new Montana Tunnels Mine near
Helena, Mont, is expected to reach full production in August
1987. U.S. Minerals said the mine is designed to operate at an
average of 12,500 tons or ore per day and is projected to
produce 95,000 ounces of gold in 1988, plus significant
quantities of silver, lead and zinc.
    U.S. Minerals said it has a 50 pct net profit royalty
interest in the mine after payback of development costs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21314>
Arizona Silver Corp
said diamond drilling on its Burro Creek Mine Property, located
65 miles southeast of Kingman, Ariz., has begun.
    The company said a report indicated that the Burro Creek
project area which covers 800 acres, could have potential
reserves of three to four mln tons of gold and silver
mineralization.
    Drill sites have been established and a diamond drilling
program consisting of an initial 5,000 feet of drilling began
October 13, the company said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
