<BODY DOCID=15043>
Argentine grain producers adjusted
their yield estimates for the 1986/87 coarse grain crop
downward in the week to yesterday after the heavy rains at the
end of March and beginning of April, trade sources said.
    They said sunflower, maize and sorghum production estimates
had been reduced despite some later warm, dry weather, which
has allowed a return to harvesting in some areas.
    However, as showers fell intermittently after last weekend,
producers feared another spell of prolonged and intense rain
could cause more damage to crops already badly hit this season.
    Rains in the middle of last week reached an average of 27
millimetres in parts of Buenos Aires province, 83 mm in
Cordoba, 41 in Santa Fe, 50 in Entre Rios and Misiones, 95 in
Corrientes, eight in Chaco and 35 in Formosa.
    There was no rainfall in the same period in La Pampa.
    Producers feared continued damp conditions could produce
rotting and lead to still lower yield estimates for all the
crops, including soybean.
    However, as the lands began drying later in the week
harvesting advanced considerably, reaching between 36 and 40
pct of the area sown in the case of sunflower.
    Deterioration of the sunflower crop evident in harvested
material in Cordoba, La Pampa and Buenos Aires forced yield
estimates per hectare to be adjusted down again.
    The season's sunflowerseed production is now forecast at
2.1 mln to 2.3 mln tonnes, against 2.2 mln to 2.4 mln forecast
last week and down 43.9 to 48.8 pct on the 1985/86 record of
4.1 mln.
    Area sown to sunflowers was two to 2.2 mln hectares, 29.9
to 36.3 pct below the record 3.14 mln hectares last season.
    Maize harvesting has also reached 36 to 40 pct of the area
sown. It is near completion in Cordoba and Santa Fe and will
begin in La Pampa and southern Buenos Aires later in April.
    Production estimates for maize were down from last week at
9.5 mln to 9.8 mln tonnes, against 9.6 mln to 9.9 mln estimated
previously.
    This is 22.2 to 23.4 pct below the 12.4 mln to 12.6 mln
tonnes estimated by private sources for the 1985/86 crop and
21.9 to 25.8 pct down on the official figure of 12.8 mln
tonnes.
    Maize was sown on 3.58 mln to 3.78 mln hectares, two to
seven pct down on last season's 3.85 mln.
    Sorghum was harvested on 23 to 25 pct of the area sown in
Cordoba, Santa Fe and Chaco. Harvest will start in La Pampa and
Buenos Aires in mid-April.
    The total area sown was 1.23 mln to 1.30 mln hectares, 10.3
to 15.2 pct down on the 1.45 mln sown last season.
    The new forecast for the sorghum crop is 2.9 mln to 3.2 mln
tonnes compared with three mln to 3.3 mln forecast last week,
and is 23.8 to 29.3 pct down on last season's 4.1 mln to 4.2
mln tonne crop.
    The soybean crop for this season was not adjusted,
remaining at a record 7.5 mln to 7.7 mln tonnes, up 4.2 to 5.5
pct on the 7.2 mln to 7.3 mln estimated by private sources for
1985/86 and 5.6 to 8.5 pct higher than the official figure of
7.1 mln.
    The area sown to soybeans this season was a record 3.7 mln
to 3.8 mln hectares, 10.8 to 13.8 pct up on the record 3.34 mln
sown in 1985/86.
    The soybean crop is showing excessive moisture in some
areas and producers fear they may discover more damage. Some
experimental harvesting was carried out in Santa Fe on areas
making up only about one pct of the total crop but details on
this were not available.
    Preparation of the fields for the 1987/88 wheat crop, which
will be sown between May and August or September, has so far
not been as intense as in previous years.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15500>
The Argentine Grain Board adjusted
minimum export prices of grain and oilseed products in dlrs per
tonne FOB, previous in brackets, as follows:
    Sorghum 64 (63), sunflowerseed cake and expellers 103 (102)
, pellets 101 (100), meal 99 (98), linseed oil 274 (264),
groundnutseed oil 450 (445), soybean oil 300 (290), rapeseed
oil 290 (280).
    Sunflowerseed oil for shipment through May 323 (313) and
june onwards 330 (320).
    The board also adjusted export prices at which export taxes
are levied in dlrs per tonne FOB, previous in brackets, as
follows:
    Bran pollard wheat 40 (42), pellets 42 (44).
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15567>
India's national foodgrain target has
been fixed at 160 mln tonnes in 1987/88 (Apr-Mar), unchanged
from the 1986/87 target, the Agriculture Ministry said in its
annual report for 1986/87.
    Actual output was estimated at 151 mln tonnes in 1986/87
due to failure of monsoon rains in 15 out of 35 meterological
sub-divisions of the country.
    The report gave the targets for various crops with
estimated harvested crops in 1986/87 in brackets as following,
in mln tonnes - rice 65 (60), wheat 49 (49), coarse grains
including sorghum and millets 32 (29) and pulses 14 (13).
    Despite failure of monsoon rains in recent years, it was
possible to maintain higher foodgrain production, signifying
growing resilience in agricultural sector, the report said.
    The strategy for increasing irrigation potential along with
greater use of high yielding seed varieites and improvement in
fertiliser efficiency is yielding results, it said, adding
total foodgrain output in 1985/86, 1984/85 and 1983/84
respectively was 150.5 mln tonnes, 145.5 mln and a record 152.4
mln.
   India has targeted to produce between 178 and 183 mln tonnes
of foodgrains by the last year of the seventh five-year
development plan ending March 31, 1990.
    Taking the midpoint of 180 mln tonnes as the target and the
1986/87 estimated production of around 151 mln tonnes, the gap
of 29 mln tonnes has to be made up during the remaining three
years of the plan by increasing grain output annually by more
than nine mln tonnes. But the target can be achieved only with
good weather, the report said.
    "The major thrust programme will, therefore, be better water
(irrigation) management. Simultaneously, efforts for spread of
improved technology including timely use of inputs (farm
materials like fertilisers) in adequate quantities have to be
vigrously pursued," it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15871>
The U.S. Agriculture Department gave
the net change in export commitments, including sales,
cancellations, foreign purchases and cumulative exports, in the
current seasons through the week ended April 2, with
comparisons, as follows, in tonnes, except as noted --
                        4/2/87   Prev Week
            All Wheat   119,800    368,300
                 Corn 1,001,900    927,000
             Soybeans   240,500    300,900
         Soy Cake/Meal  117,700    170,200
          Soybean Oil     2,400-x    8,100
            Cotton-Y     60,200     31,900
   x-minus total. Y-running bales.
    The indicated totals include reported commitments to both
named and unnamed destinations, sales on exporters' own account
and optional origin sales plus actual exports already made
during the respective marketing seasons.
    The USDA cautions that reported outstanding sales are
subject to modification, deferral or cancellation and it is
unlikely that all reported quantities will be exported.
    USDA gave detailed breakdowns for the 1986/87 and 1987/88
seasons as follows, in thousand tonnes unless stated --
 (A) - Firm sales to a declared destination.
 (B) - Ultimate destination not yet declared.
 (C) - Sales made on exporters' own account.
 (D) - Exporter holds option to fill commitment with supplies 
from origins other than U.S.
 (E) - Accumulated exports since season began based on data 
reported by exporters.
 (F) - Indicated total for season.
 (G) - USDA-projected exports for season.
 Note -- Totals may not add due to rounding.
     ALL WHEAT
                1986/87             1987/88
             4/2/87   Prev Wk  4/3/87 Prev Wk
 Named-A    3,157.6   3,684.1 1,591.4 1,635.6
 Unnamed-B    143.8     144.3    87.1    57.1
 E.O.A.-C       9.5       9.5     nil     nil
 O.O.P.-D       nil       nil     nil     nil
 Gr Total   3,310.9   3,837.9 1,679.0 1,692.7
 Ay Expd-E 21,044.6  20,433.4
 Ind Ttl-F 24,355.5  24,271.3
 USDAPRJ-G 27,900.0  27,900.0
    SOYBEANS
                 1986/87            1987/88
             4/2/87   Prev Wk   4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A    1,774.7  1,780.3     215.9   215.9
 Unnamed-B    500.3    524.8       nil    30.0
 E.O.A.-C      18.4     18.4       nil     nil
 O.O.P.-D       nil      nil       nil     nil
 Gr Total   2,293.4  2,323.5     215.9   245.9
 Ay Expd-E 14,334.2 14,183.2
 Ind Ttl-F 16,627.6 16,506.7
 USDAPRJ-G 19,050.0 19,050.0
    CORN
                1986/87             1987/88
            4/2/87    Prev Wk    4/2/87 Prev WK
 Named-A    8,559.8   8,684.8    772.1   268.8
 Unnamed-B    945.7     920.1      nil     nil
 E.O.A-C       90.8      66.9      nil     nil
 O.O.P-D      138.0     175.0      nil     nil
 Gr Total   9,734.3   9,846.9    772.1   268.8
 Ay Expd-E 20,296.0  19,293.8
 Ind Ttl-F 30,030.3  29,140.7
 USDAPRJ-G 31,750.0  31,750.0
    SORGHUM
                1986/87            1987/88
             4/2/87  Prev Wk    4/2/87 Prev WK
 Named-A      875.6    805.1     nil      nil
 Unnamed-B    151.2    151.2     10.2-x   nil
 E.O.A-C        nil      nil     nil      nil
 O.O.P-D      114.5    138.3     nil      nil
 Gr Total   1,141.3  1,094.6     10.2-x   nil
 Ay Expd-E  3,222.5  3,149.7
 Ind Ttl-F  4,363.8  4,244.3
 USDAPRJ-G  5,720.0  5,720.0
 x-minus total 
    WHEAT PRODUCTS
               1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87  Prev Wk   4/2/87   Prev Wk
 Named-A     321.0   401.9       nil    nil
 Unnamed-B     nil     nil       nil    nil
 E.O.A.-C      nil     nil       nil    nil
 O.O.P.-D      nil     nil       nil    nil
 Gr Total    321.0   401.9       nil    nil
 Ay Expd-E   926.9   840.9
 Ind Ttl-F 1,348.2 1,242.8
  Note - Includes bulgur, semolina, farina, rolled, cracked and
crushed wheat.
    SOYBEAN OIL
               1986/87           1987/88
           4/2/87  Prev Wk    4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A      8.8    10.4      nil     nil
 Unnamed-B    7.0    10.5      nil     nil
 E.O.A-C      nil     nil      nil     nil
 O.O.P-D      nil     nil      nil     nil
 Gr Total    15.8    20.9      nil     nil
 Ay Expd-E  138.4   135.8
 Ind Ttl-F  154.2   156.7
 USDAPRJ-G  610.0   610.0
    SOYBEAN CAKE AND MEAL
                1986/87             1987/88
             4/2/87  Prev Wk    4/2/87 Prev Wk
 Named-A      788.0    869.7    50.7      48.4
 Unnamed-B     76.0     94.0     nil       nil
 E.O.A-C        2.7      6.1     nil       nil
 O.O.P-D        nil      nil     nil       nil
 Gr Total     866.7    969.8    50.7      48.4
 Ay Expd-E  4,098.0  3,880.6
 Ind Ttl-F  4,964.7  4,850.4
 USDAPRJ-G  5,760.0  5,760.0
     COTTONSEED OIL
               1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87  Prev Wk   4/2/87   Prev Wk
 Named-A      7.4     7.2       nil     nil
 Unnamed-B    0.3     0.3       nil     nil
 E.O.A.-C     nil     nil       nil     nil
 O.O.P.-D     7.8     7.8       nil     nil
 Gr Total    15.4    15.2       nil     nil
    ALL UPLAND DOMESTIC RAW COTTON-Y
                1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87    Prev Wk   4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A    2,007.9  2,076.1     468.2   457.2
 Unnamed-B     20.3     20.2       nil     nil
 E.O.A-C        nil      nil       nil     nil
 O.O.P-C        nil      nil       nil     nil
 Gr Total   2,028.2  2,096.3     468.2   457.2
 Ay Expd-E  4,333.1  4,204.7
 Ind Ttl-F  6,361.3  6,301.0
 USDAPRJ-G  6,335.0  6,335.0
  Y-In thousand running bales.
    BARLEY
                 1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87   Prev Wk     4/2/87 Prev Wk
 Named-A      559.5    584.5      nil      nil
 Unnamed-B     12.7     12.7      nil      nil
 E.O.A.-C       nil      nil      nil      nil
 O.O.P.-D      25.0     25.0      nil      nil
 Gr Total     597.1    622.1      nil      nil
 Ay Expt-E  2,464.6  2,440.7
 Ind Ttl-F  3,061.7  3,062.8
 USDAPRJ-G  3,270.0  3,270.0
    OATS
             1986/87            1987/88
           4/2/87 Prev Wk    4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A     nil    nil       nil    nil
 Unnamed-B   nil    nil       nil    nil
 E.O.A.-C    nil    nil       nil    nil
 O.O.P.-D    nil    nil       nil    nil
 Gr Total    nil    nil       nil    nil
 Ay Expd-E   2.4    2.4
 Ind Ttl-F   2.4    2.4
 USDAPRJ-G  30.0   30.0
    RICE
                1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87   Prev Wk    4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A      347.6    369.1      nil     nil
 Unnamed-B      1.0      1.0      nil     nil
 E.O.A-C        nil      nil      nil     nil
 O.O.P-D        nil      nil      nil     nil
 Gr Total     348.6    370.1      nil     nil
 Ay Expd-E  1,718.8  1,688.2
 Ind Ttl-F  2,067.4  2,058.3
 USDAPRJ-G  2,580.0  2,580.0
    HARD RED WINTER WHEAT
               1986/87            1987/88
           4/2/87   Prev Wk     4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A   1,738.0  2,019.7     893.0   943.0
 Unnamed-B    80.5     70.5     107.6    77.2
 E.O.A.-C      nil      nil       nil     nil
 O.O.P.-D      nil      nil       nil     nil
 Gr Total  1,818.5  2,090.2   1,000.6 1,020.2
 Ay Exp-E  8,332.1  7,974.5
 Ind Tl-F 10,150.6 10,064.8
    WHITE WHEAT
               1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87  Prev Wk    4/2/87   Prev Wk
 Named-A     548.5    635.6     58.0    58.0
 Unnamed-B    19.0-x   19.0-x    6.0-x   6.0-x
 E.O.A.-C      nil      nil      nil     nil
 O.O.P.-D      nil      nil      nil     nil
 Gr Total    529.5    616.6     52.0    52.0
 Ay Exp-E  3,831.5  3,757.7
 Ind Tl-F  4,361.0  4,374.3
  x - denotes minus figure
    HARD RED SPRING WHEAT
              1986/87             1987/88
          4/2/87   Prev Wk    4/2/87   Prev Wk
 Named-A    576.6    620.6    164.7   164.7
 Unnamed-B   29.6     16.0      nil     nil
 E.O.A.-C     0.9      0.9      nil     nil
 O.O.P.-D     nil      nil      nil     nil
 Gr Total   607.1    637.5    164.7   164.7
 Ay Exp-E 4,312.4  4,247.6
 Ind Tl-F 4,919.5  4,885.1
     DURUM WHEAT
              1986/87              1987/88
           4/2/87   Prev Wk    4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A    166.6    280.3      93.4   93.4
 Unnamed-B   52.8     76.9       nil    nil
 E.O.A.-C     2.8      2.8       nil    nil
 O.O.P.-D     nil      nil       nil    nil
 Gr Total   222.2    360.0      93.4   93.4
 Ay Exp-E 1,842.6  1,727.5
 Ind Tl-F 2,064.8  2,087.5
    SOFT RED WINTER WHEAT
               1986/87             1987/88
            4/2/87  Prev Wk     4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A     127.8    127.8    382.3   376.5
 Unnamed-B     nil      nil     14.0-x  14.0-x
 E.O.A.-C      5.8      5.8      nil     nil
 O.O.P.-D      nil      nil      nil     nil
 Gr Total    133.6    133.6    368.3   362.5
 Ay Exp-E  2,726.0  2,726.0
 Ind Tl-F  2,859.6  2,859.6
 x-minus figure
    Country and destinations of the identified sales of
commodities reported by exporters in week ended April 2 for
the respective marketing seasons were detailed by the USDA as
follows, with comparisons for the previous week, in thousands
of tonnes, except where noted-- 
 ALL WHEAT  
               1986/87             1987/88
             4/2/87  Prev Wk   4/2/87   Prev Wk
 E.C.          nil     nil      50.0    50.0
 Other West
 Europe      218.8   236.8       nil     nil
 East Europe 261.0   346.0      25.0    25.0
    ALL WHEAT Continued
                 1986/87            1987/88
             4/2/87  Prev Wk    4/2/87  Prev Wk
 USSR           nil      nil      nil     nil
 Japan        490.4    662.2      nil     nil
 China         90.0     90.0    910.0   910.0
 Taiwan       115.0    141.0    144.0   144.0
 Other Asia and
 Oceania      654.9    730.9     28.6    78.6
 Africa       959.5  1,115.0    167.1   167.1
 Western
 Hemisphere   367.9    362.1    266.7   260.9
 SOYBEANS        1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87   Prev Wk   4/2/87   Prev Wk
 E.C.        302.2     317.7    91.4     91.4
 Other West
 Europe       25.0      25.0     nil      nil
 East Europe 101.0     101.0     nil      nil
 Japan       355.4     330.5     nil      nil
 China         nil       nil     nil      nil
 Taiwan      472.0     499.0    87.0     87.0
 Other Asia and
 Oceania     164.6     187.7     nil      nil
 Africa        nil       nil     nil      nil
 Western
 Hemisphere  354.4     391.5     37.5    37.5
    SOYBEAN OIL
             1986/87           1987/88
          4/2/87  Prev Wk    4/2/87  Prev Wk
 E.C.        1.5     1.5      nil     nil
 India       nil     nil      nil     nil
 Other Asia and
 Oceania     nil     nil      nil     nil
 Africa      nil     nil      nil     nil
 Western
 Hemisphere  7.3     8.9      nil     nil
    SOYBEAN CAKE/MEAL
                 1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87   Prev Wk   4/2/87   Prev Wk
 E.C.        301.7   350.7     47.2   45.0
 Other West
 Europe        nil     nil      nil    nil
 East Europe   nil    36.0      nil    nil
 Japan         nil     3.5      nil    nil
 Other Asia and
 Oceania      25.0    40.0      nil    nil
 Africa       30.2    38.0      nil    nil
 Western
 Hemisphere  431.0   401.5      3.4    3.4
    CORN         1986/87            1987/88
              4/2/87   Prev Wk   4/2/87  Prev Wk
 E.C.           82.5     22.5       0.2     0.2
 Other West
 Europe          nil      0.8       nil     nil
 E. Europe      94.0     50.0      50.0    50.0
 USSR        2,432.7  2,543.8       nil     nil
 Japan       2,767.4  2,787.8      52.4    21.0
 China         495.0    555.0       nil     nil
 Taiwan        791.0    836.0     390.0   170.0
 Other Asia and
 Oceania       721.7    615.2     250.0     nil
 Africa        125.0    195.5       nil     nil
 WestHem     1,050.5  1,114.0      29.4    27.6
    UPLAND COTTON (In thousand bales)
               1986/87             1987/88
            4/2/87  Prev Wk     4/2/87 Prev Wk
 E.C.        260.9    266.1     97.9    95.0
 Other West
 Europe       62.2     66.2      8.7     8.7
 E. Europe     3.1      3.1      nil     nil
 Japan       445.8    484.1     72.3    70.1
 Taiwan      377.9    390.4     41.6    39.5
 Other Asia and
 Oceania     741.7    783.4    244.5   241.1
 Africa       16.7     13.4      nil     nil
 Western
 Hemisphere   99.6     69.5      3.2     2.7
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15875>
The U.S. Agriculture Department made
the following supply/demand projections for the 1986/87
seasons, in mln bushels, with comparisons, unless noted --
    CORN --     1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Acreage (mln acres) --
     Planted   76.7    76.7     83.4    83.4
   Harvested   69.2    69.2     75.2    75.2
  Yield (bu)  119.3   119.3    118.0   118.0
 Supply (mln bu) -- 
 Start Stock  4,040   4,040    1,648   1,648
  Production  8,253   8,253    8,877   8,877
     Total-X 12,295  12,295   10,536  10,536
  X-Includes imports.
    CORN (cont.)
                 1986/87           1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Usage: Feed  4,500    4,300     4,095    4,126
       Other  1,180    1,150     1,160    1,129
  Ttl Domest  5,680    5,450     5,255    5,255
     Exports  1,375    1,250     1,241    1,241
   Total Use  7,055    6,700     6,496    6,496
  End Stocks  5,240    5,595     4,040    4,040
 Farmer Reser 1,400    1,300       564      564
  CCC Stocks  1,700    1,500       546      546
 Free Stocks  2,140    2,795     2,930    2,930
  AvgPrice  1.35-1.65  1.35-1.65  2.23     2.23
  Note - Price in dlrs per bu. Corn season begins Sept 1.
    ALL WHEAT -
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Acreage (mln acres) --
     Planted   72.0    72.0     75.6    75.6
   Harvested   60.7    60.7     64.7    64.7
       Yield   34.4    34.4     37.5    37.5
 Supply (mln bu) --
 Start Stcks  1,905   1,905    1,425   1,425
  Production  2,087   2,087    2,425   2,425
       Total
    Supply-X  4,007   4,007    3,865   3,865
 X - Includes imports.
    ALL WHEAT   1986/87            1985/86
 (cont.)   04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Usage: Food    700    690       678    678
        Seed     84     90        93     93
        Feed    350    325       274    274
  Ttl Domest  1,134  1,105     1,045  1,045
     Exports  1,025  1,025       915    915
   Total Use  2,159  2,130     1,960  1,960
  End Stocks  1,848  1,877     1,905  1,905
 Farmer Reser   475    450       433    433
  CCC Stocks    950    950       602    602
 Free Stocks    423    477       870    870
  Avg Price  2.30-40  2.30-40   3.08   3.08
 Note - Price in dlrs per bushel. Wheat season begins June 1.
    SOYBEANS -
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Acreage (mln acres) --
      Planted   61.5   61.5     63.1   61.1
    Harvested   59.4   59.4     61.6   61.6
   Yield (bu)   33.8   33.8     34.1   34.1
 Supply (mln bu) --
 Start Stocks    536    536      316    316
   Production  2,007  2,007    2,099  2,099
        Total  2,543  2,543    2,415  2,415
    SOYBEANS (cont.)
               1986/87             1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87   04/09/87 03/09/87
      Usage --
  Crushings  1,130   1,115      1,053   1,053
    Exports    700     700        740     740
 Seed, Feed and
   Residual    103      93         86      86
  Total Use  1,933   1,908      1,879   1,879
 End Stocks    610     635        536     536
 Avg Price 4.60-4.80 4.60-4.80   5.05    5.05
 Note - Average price in dlrs per bushel. Soybean season begins
June 1.
    FEEDGRAINS - X
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Acreage (mln acres) --
      Planted  119.8   119.8     128.1   128.1
    Harvested  102.0   102.0     111.8   111.8
 Yld (tonnes)   2.48    2.48      2.45    2.45
 Supply (mln tonnes) --
 Start Stocks  126.4   126.4      57.5    57.5
   Production  252.4   252.4     274.4   274.4
      Imports    0.6     0.6       0.9     0.9
        Total  379.4   379.4     332.7   332.7
 X - Includes corn, sorghum, barley, oats.
    FEEDGRAINS - X (cont.)
                 1986/87          1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Usage: Feed  140.6   136.2     134.8   135.5
       Other   35.8    35.0      35.0    34.3
  Ttl Domest  176.4   171.2     169.8   169.8
     Exports   43.9    40.8      36.6    36.6
   Total Use  220.3   211.9     206.4   206.4
  End Stocks  159.1   167.5     126.4   126.4
 Farmer Reser  39.0    36.5      16.6    16.6
  CCC Stocks   55.2    49.5      20.4    20.4
 Free Stocks   64.8    81.5      89.3    89.3
 X - Includes corn, sorghum, oats, barley. Seasons for oats,
barley began June 1, corn and sorghum Sept 1.
    SOYBEAN OIL -
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Supply (mln lbs) --
 Start Stcks     947     947       632     632
  Production  12,263  12,103    11,617  11,617
     Imports     Nil     Nil         8       8
       Total  13,210  13,050    12,257  12,257
 Note - 1985/86 production estimates based on October year
crush of 1,060 mln bushels.
    SOYBEAN OIL (cont.) -
               1986/87             1985/86
          04/09/87  03/09/87  04/09/87  03/09/87
 Usage (mln lbs) --
  Domestic  10,500    10,500    10,053   10,053
   Exports   1,350     1,350     1,257    1,257
     Total  11,850    11,850    11,310   11,310
 End Stcks   1,360     1,200       947      947
 AvgPrice  14.5-16.0  15.0-17.0  18.00    18.00
 Note - Average price in cents per lb. Season for soybean oil
begins Oct 1.
    SOYBEAN CAKE/MEAL, in thousand short tons --
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks     212     212       387     387
  Production  26,558  26,203    24,951  24,951
       Total  26,770  26,415    25,338  25,338
 Note - 1985/86 production estimates based on October year
crush of 1,060 mln bushels.
    SOY CAKE/MEAL (cont.) -
               1986/87            1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Usage (thous short tons) --
  Domestic   20,000  19,750    19,090  19,118
   Exports    6,500   6,350     6,036   6,008
     Total   26,500  26,100    25,126  25,126
 End Stcks      270     315       212     212
  AvgPrice  145-150  145-150   154.90  154.90
  Note - Price in dlrs per short ton. Season for soybean cake
and meal begins Oct 1.
    COTTON --
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Area (mln acres) --
      Planted  10.06   10.06     10.68   10.68
    Harvested   8.49    8.49     10.23   10.23
  Yield (lbs)    549     553       630     630
 Supply (mln 480-lb bales) --
 Start Stks-X   9.35    9.35      4.10    4.10
   Production   9.70    9.79     13.43   13.43
 Ttl Supply-Y  19.06   19.14     17.57   17.57
  X - Based on Census Bureau data. Y - Includes imports.
    COTTON (cont.) -
               1986/87           1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
   Usage --
   Domestic   7.10    7.01     6.40    6.40
    Exports   6.66    6.76     1.96    1.96
      Total  13.76   13.77     8.36    8.36
 End Stocks   5.40    5.49     9.35    9.35
 Avge Price  51.7-X  51.7-X   56.50   56.50
 X - 1986/87 price is weighted average for first five months of
marketing year, not a projection for 1986/87. Average price in
cents per lb. Cotton season begins August 1.
    RICE
               1986/87            1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Acreage (mln acres) --
     Planted   2.40    2.40      2.51    2.51
   Harvested   2.38    2.38      2.49    2.49
 Yield (lbs)  5,648   5,648     5,414   5,414
 Supply (mln cwts) --
 Start Stcks   77.3    77.3      64.7    64.7
  Production  134.4   134.4     134.9   134.9
     Imports    2.2     2.2       2.2     2.2
       Total  213.9   213.9     201.8   201.8
    RICE (cont.)
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Usage (mln cwts) --
    Domestic   67.0    67.0      65.8    65.8
     Exports   80.0    80.0      58.7    58.7
     Total-Y  147.0   147.0     124.5   124.5
  End Stocks   66.9    66.9      77.3    77.3
  CCC Stocks   42.9    42.9      41.5    41.5
 Free Stocks   24.0    24.0      35.8    35.8
   AvgPrice 3.45-4.25 3.45-4.25  6.53    6.53
 Note - Average price in dlrs per CWT. Y-Rough equivalent.
N.A.-Not Available, USDA revising price definition due to
marketing loan. Rice season begins August 1.
    SORGHUM
               1986/87            1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
  Yield (bu)  67.7    67.7     66.8    66.8
 Supply (mln bu) --
 Start Stcks   551     551      300     300
  Production   942     942    1,120   1,120
       Total 1,493   1,493    1,420   1,420
  Usage (mln bu) --
        Feed   550     575      662     662
       Other    30      30       29      29
  Ttl Domest   580     605      691     691
    SORGHUM (cont.) -
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
    Exports     225     225       178     178
  Total Use     805     830       869     869
 End Stocks     688     663       551     551
 Avge Price  1.30-50  1.30-50    1.93    1.93
 Note - Price in dlrs per bushel. Sorghum season begins Sept 1.
    BARLEY
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
   Yield (bu)  50.8    50.8      51.0    51.0
 Start Stocks   325     325       247     247
   Production   610     610       591     591
      Imports     5       5         9       9
        Total   941     941       847     847
    BARLEY (cont.)
             1986/87            1985/86
        04/09/87 03/15/87  04/09/87 03/15/87
 Usage (mln bu) --
       Feed  300    300       333    333
      Other  175    175       167    167
 Ttl Domest  475    475       500    500
    Exports  150    150        22     22
  Total Use  625    625       522    522
 End Stocks  316    316       325    325
  AvgPrice 1.45-65  1.45-65  1.98   1.98
 Note - Average price in dlrs per bushel. Barley season begins
June 1.
    OATS - in mln bushels
               1986/87            1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
  Yield (bu)  56.0   56.0      63.7   63.7
 Start Stcks   184    184       180    180
  Production   385    385       521    521
     Imports    30     30        28     28
       Total   598    598       729    729
    OATS, in mln bushels (cont.)
              1986/87             1985/86
         04/09/87 03/09/87   04/09/87 03/09/87
     Usage --
      Feed   400     400       460     460
     Other    85      85        83      83
 Ttl Domes   485     485       543     543
   Exports     2       2         2       2
     Total   487     487       545     545
 End Stcks   111     111       184     184
 AvgPrice 1.00-20  1.00-20    1.23    1.23
  Note - Average price in dlrs per bushel. Oats season begins
June 1.
    LONG GRAIN RICE, in mln CWTs (100 lbs) --
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
   Harvested --
 Acres (mln)   1.83    1.83     1.94    1.94
 Yield (lbs)  5,358   5,358    5,168   5,168
  Start Stks   49.3    49.3     37.7    37.7
  Production   97.8    97.8    100.4   100.4
  Ttl Supply  148.6   148.6    140.1   140.1
 Note -- Starting Stocks does not include broken kernels --
Supply minus use does not equal ending stocks in breakdowns.
Total Supply includes imports but not broken kernels.
    LONG GRAIN RICE, in mln CWTs (100 lbs), cont. --
                 1986/87           1985/86
            04/09/87 03/09/87 04/09/87 03/09/87
 Domestic Use   43.0    43.0      48.8    48.8
      Exports   65.0    60.0      42.0    42.0
    Total Use  108.0   103.0      90.8    90.8
 End Stocks-X   40.6    45.6      49.3    49.3
    AvgPric 3.45-4.25 3.45-4.24   6.86    6.86
 Note - Average price in dlrs per cwt. X-Broken kernels not
included -- supply minus use does not equal ending stocks in
breakdowns. Rice season begins August 1.
    MEDIUM, SHORT GRAIN RICE - in mln CWTs (100 lbs) --
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
   Harvested --
 Acres (mln)   0.55    0.55     0.55    0.55
 Yield (lbs)  6,651   6,651    6,258   6,258
  Start Stks   26.7    26.7     25.7    25.7
  Production   36.6    36.6     34.5    34.5
  Ttl Supply   65.3    65.3     61.7    61.7
 Note -- Starting Stocks does not include broken kernels --
Supply minus use does not equal ending stocks in breakdowns.
Total Supply includes imports but not broken kernels.
    MEDIUM, SHORT GRAIN RICE, in mln CWTs (100 lbs), cont. --
                 1986/87          1985/86
            04/09/87 03/09/87 04/09/87 03/09/87
 Domestic Use   24.0    24.0      17.0    17.0
      Exports   15.0    20.0      16.7    16.7
    Total Use   39.0    44.0      33.7    33.7
 End Stocks-X   24.5    19.5      26.7    26.7
    AvgPric 3.45-4.25  3.45-4.25  5.91    5.91
 Note - Average price in dlrs per CWT. X-Broken kernels not
included - supply minus use does not equal ending stocks in
breakdowns. Rice season begins August 1.
    NOTES ON U.S. SUPPLY/DEMAND TABLES
    -- N.A. - Not available.
    -- Totals may not add due to rounding.
    -- Figures for 1986/87 are midpoint of USDA range.
    -- Feed usage for corn, wheat, soybean, feedgrains,
sorghum, barley, oats includes residual amount.
    -- Residual amount included in rice and medium/short grain
rice domestic usage.
    -- Rice, long grain, and medium/short grain rice average
price for 1985/86 estimates and 1986/87 projections are market
prices and exclude cash retained under the marketing loan since
April, 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15917>
Argentine grain board preliminary
figures show 1986/87 crop export registrations of grains and
oilseeds in the week to April 8, were as follows, in tonnes,
compared with the previous week and the comparable week a year
earlier.
    BREAD WHEAT         nil        nil       nil
    MAIZE              113,500    21,800    51,300
    SORGHUM             13,600      nil     26,500
    SOYBEAN             30,000    36,000    72,000
    SUNFLOWERSEED        nil        nil     19,100
    Cumulative figures export registrations for the 1986/87
crop to April 8, 1987, with comparative figures for the 1985/86
crop up to April 9, 1986, in brackets, were in thousands of
tonnes.
    BREAD WHEAT            2,692,4    (4,161.0)
    MAIZE                  2,305.1    (5,200.0)
    SORGHUM                  220.5      (625.7)
    SOYBEAN                  561.3      (524.5)
    SUNFLOWERSEED             45.7      (213.2)
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15952>
The U.S. Agriculture Department
reported the farmer-owned reserve national five-day average
price through April 8 as follows (Dlrs/Bu-Sorghum Cwt) -
         Natl   Loan           Release   Call
         Avge   Rate-X  Level    Price  Price
 Wheat   2.62   2.40       IV     4.65     --
                            V     4.65     --
                           VI     4.45     --
 Corn    1.38   1.92       IV     3.15   3.15
                            V     3.25     --
 X - 1986 Rates.
          Natl   Loan          Release   Call
          Avge   Rate-X  Level   Price  Price
 Oats     1.58   0.99        V    1.65    -- 
 Barley   1.55   1.56       IV    2.55   2.55
                             V    2.65    -- 
 Sorghum  2.54   3.25-Y     IV    5.36   5.36
                             V    5.54    -- 
    Reserves I, II and III have matured. Level IV reflects
grain entered after Oct 6, 1981 for feedgrain and after July
23, 1981 for wheat. Level V wheat/barley after 5/14/82,
corn/sorghum after 7/1/82. Level VI covers wheat entered after
January 19, 1984.  X-1986 rates. Y-dlrs per CWT (100 lbs).
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16071>
The Argentine grain market was
quiet in the week to Wednesday, with prices rising slightly on
increased interest in wheat, millet and birdseed.
    Wheat for domestic consumption rose six Australs per tonne
to 118.
    For export it rose eight to 108 per tonne from Bahia
Blanca, increased 0.50 to 104 at Necochea and was unchanged at
Rosario at 108.30.
    Maize increased one to 90 per tonne at Buenos Aires, was
unchanged at 82 in Bahia Blanca, increased 0.50 to 85 at
Necochea and fell one to 88 at Parana River ports.
    Sorghum from Bahia Blanca increased 0.50 Australs to 76.50
per tonne and dropped one to 75 at Rosario.
    It was quoted at 75 at Villa Constitucion, San Nicolas and
Puerto Alvear.
    Oats were unchanged at 168 per tonne at Buenos Aires.
    Millet from Buenos Aires and Rosario rose five per tonne to
140 and birdseed rose 15 to 205 at Buenos Aires.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16753>
China will be short of sorghum in 1987
for the sixth successive year because high production costs and
low profits discourage farmers from growing it, the China Daily
Business Weekly said.
    It said sorghum output in calendar 1986 was 5.34 mln
tonnes, down five pct from the 1985 level, and prices on the
free market rose in January to 0.42 yuan per kg, up 14 pct on
January 1986.
    It said sorghum acreage in 1987 is six pct lower than in
1986. Sorghum accounts for 40 pct of the raw materials needed
by China's breweries, it added but gave no more details.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18482>
Japanese compound feed output rose 2.3 pct
to 25.80 mln tonnes in 1986/87 ended March 31 from 25.23 mln a
year earlier, the Agriculture Ministry said.
    The marginal rise reflected slight growth in demand for
poultry raising and a moderate increase in demand for beef
cattle raising, Ministry officials said.
    Compound feed sales totalled 26.01 mln tonnes in 1986/87
against 25.40 mln a year ago, while end-March stocks were
217,554 tonnes against 224,101.
    Corn use in feed output in 1986/87 rose to 11.71 mln tonnes
from 11.02 mln a year earlier due to low import prices.
    The officials said corn imports rose because the world
surplus and the yen's strength against the dollar reduced
Chicago prices. The corn compounding ratio rose to 45.2 pct in
1986/87 from 43.4 pct a year earlier.
    Sorghum use rose marginally to 4.80 mln tonnes in 1986/87
from 4.79 mln, but the compounding ratio fell to 18.5 pct from
18.9 pct because of greater corn use. Higher import prices due
to poor harvests last year in major producing nations such as
Argentina made feed makers reluctant to use sorghum.
    Soybean meal use fell to 2.58 mln tonnes from 2.63 mln and
the compounding ratio declined to 10.0 pct from 10.3 pct.
    The drop in soybean meal consumption resulted from
increased use of cheaper rapeseed meal, the officials said.
    Rapeseed consumption in 1986/87 was 563,889 tonnes against
528,152 a year earlier. The compounding ratio rose to 2.2 pct
from 2.1 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
