<BODY DOCID=14858>
Japan's Agriculture Ministry, angered by
U.S. Demands that Japan open its farm products market, will
tell U.S. Officials at talks later this month that
liberalisation would harm existing U.S. Farm exports to Japan,
a senior ministry official said.
    "Imports from the U.S. Would drop due to active sales drives
by other suppliers," the official, who declined to be named,
said. "Japan is the largest customer for U.S. Farm products and
it is not reasonable for the U.S. To demand Japan liberalise
its farm import market," he said.
    Agriculture Minister Mutsuki Kato has said if the U.S.
Insists Japan open its protected rice market it will also open
its wheat market, where volume and origin are regulated to
protect local farmers.
    Australia and Canada could then increase their wheat
exports as they are more competitive than the U.S., He said.
End-users would also buy other origins, grain traders said.
    U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng, who is due to
visit Japan for talks between April 16-27, has said he will ask
Japan to offer a share of its rice market to U.S. Suppliers and
remove quotas on U.S. Beef and citrus imports.
    Other countries are already cutting into the U.S. Market
share here. Australia, the largest beef supplier to Japan, has
been trying to boost exports prior to the expiry of a four-year
beef accord next March 31.
    Imports of U.S. Corn have fallen due to increased sales
from China and South America, while Japanese soybean imports
from Brazil are expected to rise sharply this year, although
the U.S. Will remain the largest supplier.
    U.S. Feedgrain sales will also drop if Japan opens up its
beef imports, since Japan depends almost entirely on feedgrain
imports, mainly from the U.S., Japanese officials said.
    An indication of the U.S. Position came last December when
Under Secretary of Agriculture Daniel Amstutz said Japan has
the potential to provide one of the largest boosts to U.S.
Agricultural exports, with the beef market alone representing
some one billion dlrs in new business.
    The U.S. Has also asked the General Agreement on Tariffs
and Trade to investigate the legality of Japanese import
controls on 12 other farm products, including fruit juices,
purees and pulp, tomato juice, ketchup and sauce, peanuts,
prepared beef products and miscellaneous beans.
    To help calm heated trade relations with the U.S., Japan's
top business group Keidanren has urged the government to remove
residual import restrictions on agricultural products.
    But Agriculture Minister Kato has ruled out any emotional
reaction, and the senior ministry official said the farm issue
should not become a scapegoat for trade pressure in the
industrial sector.
    "Japan is the largest buyer of U.S. Farm products, and these
issues should not be discussed on the same table," the official
said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14892>
Malaysia is unlikely to meet its
targeted output of five mln tonnes of oil palm in calendar
1987, oil palm growers told Reuters.
    Output in 1987 is expected to reach around 4.5 mln tonnes,
unchanged from 1986, because of drought, low use of fertiliser
and overstressed palms, they said.
    The growers were asked for their reaction to an Oil World
newsletter report that Malaysia's oil palm output is likely to
drop sharply this year.
    Palm oil now sells at around 700 ringgit a tonne, or about
115 ringgit less than soybean oil, but Malaysia must sell more
palm oil to prevent a stock buildup that could damage the
industry, a leading grower told Reuters.
    The country's palm oil stocks now total some 500,000 tonnes
against about 800,000 last March, the growers said.
    The growers expect palm oil prices to ease later this year
due to pressure from South American and U.S. Soybean output.
    The current South American oilseed harvest, mainly soybean,
is likely to be around 25.7 mln tonnes against the previous
21.7 mln tonne crop, they said.
    In addition, new U.S. Soybean plantings are also expected
to enter the market around November when Malaysian palm oil
output peaks.
    They said new planting of palms is also likely to slow,
with some 50,000 hectares expected to be planted with new trees
against 100,000 in 1986, although the effects of this reduction
will not be felt for about another three years.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15043>
Argentine grain producers adjusted
their yield estimates for the 1986/87 coarse grain crop
downward in the week to yesterday after the heavy rains at the
end of March and beginning of April, trade sources said.
    They said sunflower, maize and sorghum production estimates
had been reduced despite some later warm, dry weather, which
has allowed a return to harvesting in some areas.
    However, as showers fell intermittently after last weekend,
producers feared another spell of prolonged and intense rain
could cause more damage to crops already badly hit this season.
    Rains in the middle of last week reached an average of 27
millimetres in parts of Buenos Aires province, 83 mm in
Cordoba, 41 in Santa Fe, 50 in Entre Rios and Misiones, 95 in
Corrientes, eight in Chaco and 35 in Formosa.
    There was no rainfall in the same period in La Pampa.
    Producers feared continued damp conditions could produce
rotting and lead to still lower yield estimates for all the
crops, including soybean.
    However, as the lands began drying later in the week
harvesting advanced considerably, reaching between 36 and 40
pct of the area sown in the case of sunflower.
    Deterioration of the sunflower crop evident in harvested
material in Cordoba, La Pampa and Buenos Aires forced yield
estimates per hectare to be adjusted down again.
    The season's sunflowerseed production is now forecast at
2.1 mln to 2.3 mln tonnes, against 2.2 mln to 2.4 mln forecast
last week and down 43.9 to 48.8 pct on the 1985/86 record of
4.1 mln.
    Area sown to sunflowers was two to 2.2 mln hectares, 29.9
to 36.3 pct below the record 3.14 mln hectares last season.
    Maize harvesting has also reached 36 to 40 pct of the area
sown. It is near completion in Cordoba and Santa Fe and will
begin in La Pampa and southern Buenos Aires later in April.
    Production estimates for maize were down from last week at
9.5 mln to 9.8 mln tonnes, against 9.6 mln to 9.9 mln estimated
previously.
    This is 22.2 to 23.4 pct below the 12.4 mln to 12.6 mln
tonnes estimated by private sources for the 1985/86 crop and
21.9 to 25.8 pct down on the official figure of 12.8 mln
tonnes.
    Maize was sown on 3.58 mln to 3.78 mln hectares, two to
seven pct down on last season's 3.85 mln.
    Sorghum was harvested on 23 to 25 pct of the area sown in
Cordoba, Santa Fe and Chaco. Harvest will start in La Pampa and
Buenos Aires in mid-April.
    The total area sown was 1.23 mln to 1.30 mln hectares, 10.3
to 15.2 pct down on the 1.45 mln sown last season.
    The new forecast for the sorghum crop is 2.9 mln to 3.2 mln
tonnes compared with three mln to 3.3 mln forecast last week,
and is 23.8 to 29.3 pct down on last season's 4.1 mln to 4.2
mln tonne crop.
    The soybean crop for this season was not adjusted,
remaining at a record 7.5 mln to 7.7 mln tonnes, up 4.2 to 5.5
pct on the 7.2 mln to 7.3 mln estimated by private sources for
1985/86 and 5.6 to 8.5 pct higher than the official figure of
7.1 mln.
    The area sown to soybeans this season was a record 3.7 mln
to 3.8 mln hectares, 10.8 to 13.8 pct up on the record 3.34 mln
sown in 1985/86.
    The soybean crop is showing excessive moisture in some
areas and producers fear they may discover more damage. Some
experimental harvesting was carried out in Santa Fe on areas
making up only about one pct of the total crop but details on
this were not available.
    Preparation of the fields for the 1987/88 wheat crop, which
will be sown between May and August or September, has so far
not been as intense as in previous years.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15106>
Storage problems with Brazil's record
grain crop are likely to result in losses of about five mln
tonnes, an Agriculture Ministry spokesman said.
    Ministry spokesman Leonardo Brito, speaking from Brasilia,
told Reuters he believed that about five mln tonnes of this
year's estimated crop of 65 mln tonnes would be lost.
    He said part of this would be the normal loss inevitable in
harvesting, but that most of it would stem from storage
problems.
    Brazil has a storage capacity of 66 mln tonnes,
theoretically sufficient for the crop.
    But Brito said that the storage capacity was badly
distributed. The states of Sao Paulo, Parana and Rio Grande do
Sul had between them 70 pct of the nation's capacity, but were
responsible for only 50 to 60 pct of production.
    The biggest problems are concentrated in the Centre-West
growing regions, where rising production has outpaced storage
capacity.
    Brito said the Centre-West, whose crops include soya and
maize, had between 30 and 40 pct of the nation's grains
production but only 20 pct of its storage space.
    In addition to the poor distribution of storage units,
there is the problem that too much of the capacity is geared to
storing grain in sacks, while not enough is suitable for
storing loose grain, Brito said.
    Finally, there is a shortage of lorries to transport the
crops.
    The sheer scale of the task in transporting the record crop
has been evident from television reports, which have shown
enormous queues of lorries waiting outside granaries.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15536>
THE FOLLOWING RAINFALL WAS RECORDED IN
THE 24 HOURS UP TO (1200) GMT TODAY
    PARANA STATE: CASCAVEL NIL, PONTA GROSSA NIL,CAMPO MOURAO
NIL, LONDRINA NIL, MARINGA NIL.
    RIO GRANDO DO SUL STATE: PASSO FUNDO NIL, SANTA MARIA 7.0
MILLIMETRES, CRUZ ALTA 8.5 MM, SAO LUIZ GONZAGA 4.4 MM. REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15686>
Based on field travel in the
Brazilian state of Parana, soybean yields should be about
average or 2.0 to 2.2 tonnes per hectare, the U.S. Agriculture
Department's officer in Sao Paulo said in a field report.
    The report, dated March 24, noted Parana accounts for about
20 to 24 pct of Brazil's total soybean crop.
    It said generally favorable weather from early December
through February helped compensate for earlier dryness.
    However, hot, dry weather during the past 20 to 30 days
followed by an unseasonably brief cold spell during the second
week of march has raised concern about late planted soybeans
which are still immature, but the impact may be localized, the
report said.
    The corn crop is expected to be a record and will create
serious storage problems, the report said.
    Due to favorable support prices, corn area increased by
more than 25 pct at the expense of soybeans, and yields are
expected to be above average, it said.
    Due to late plantings only about 20 pct of the corn crop
crop has been harvested.
    During the field trip long truck lines were noted at grain
elevators where preference is given to soybeans over corn, the
report said.
    New crop wheat plantings are expected to decline  -- Parana
accounts for about 60 pct of total production. Major reasons
for the decline are expected reduced government support price
and good summer crop harvests.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15853>
Following are highlights of the U.S.
Agriculture Department supply/demand projections for the
1986/87 seasons, in mln bushels, with comparisons, unless noted
--
    Corn -- Stocks, Aug 31, 1987, at 5,240, vs 5,595 last
month. Stocks, Aug 31, 1986, at 4,040, vs 4,040 last month.
    Exports projected at 1,375, vs 1,250 last month. Exports in
1985/86 at 1,241, vs 1,241 last month.
    Domestic use at 5,680, vs 5,450 last month. Usage in the
1985/86 season at 5,255, vs 5,255 last month.
    Wheat -- Stocks, May 31, 1987, projected at 1,848, vs 1,877
last month. Stocks on May 31, 1986, at 1,905, vs 1,905 last
month.
    Exports in 1986/87 season at 1,025, vs 1,025 last month.
1985/86 season at 915, vs 915 last month.
    Domestic use in 1986/87 at 1,134, vs 1,105 last month.
1985/86 at 1,045, vs 1,045 last month.
    Cotton -- in mln 480 lb bales - Stocks, July 31, 1987, at
5.40, vs 5.49 last month. Stocks July 31, 1986, at 9.35, vs
9.35 last month.
    Exports in 1986/87 season at 6.66, vs 6.76 last month.
Exports in 1985/86 - 1.96, vs 1.96 last month.
    Soybeans -- in mln bushels - Stocks, Aug 31, 1987,
projected at 610, vs 635 last month. Stocks Aug 31, 1986, at
536, vs 536 last month.
    Soybean crushings during 1986/87 - 1,130, vs 1,115 last
month. Crushings in 1985/86 at 1,053, vs 1,053 last month.
    Exports in 1986/87 season at 700, vs 700 last month.
Exports in 1985/86 at 740, vs 740 last month.
    Soybean Oil -- mln lbs - Stocks on Sept 30, 1987, at 1,360,
vs 1,200 last month. Stocks on Sept 30, 1986, at 947,  vs 947
last month.
    Exports in 1986/87 at 1,350, vs 1,350 last month.  Exports
in 1985/86 at 1,257, vs 1,257 last month.
    Soybean Cake/Meal -- thousand short tons - Stocks, Sept 30,
1987, at 270, vs 315 last month. Stocks, Sept 30, 1986, at 212,
vs 212 last month.
    Exports in 1986/87 season at 6,500, vs 6,350 last month. 
Exports in 1985/86 at 6,036, vs 6,008 last month.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15865>
The U.S. Agriculture Department
forecast Brazil's 1986/87 soybean crop at 17.00 mln tonnes, vs
17.00 estimated last month. It put the 1985/86 crop at 13.90
mln tonnes, vs 13.70 mln last month.
    The department forecast Argentina's 1986/87 soybean crop at
7.70 mln tonnes, vs 7.70 mln last month. It projected the
1985/86 crop at 7.30 mln tonnes, vs 7.30 mln last month.
    Brazil's 1986/87 soybean exports were forecast at 2.50 mln
tonnes, vs 2.50 mln tonnes estimated last month. USDA projected
1985/86 exports at 1.20 mln tonnes, vs 1.20 mln last month.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15871>
The U.S. Agriculture Department gave
the net change in export commitments, including sales,
cancellations, foreign purchases and cumulative exports, in the
current seasons through the week ended April 2, with
comparisons, as follows, in tonnes, except as noted --
                        4/2/87   Prev Week
            All Wheat   119,800    368,300
                 Corn 1,001,900    927,000
             Soybeans   240,500    300,900
         Soy Cake/Meal  117,700    170,200
          Soybean Oil     2,400-x    8,100
            Cotton-Y     60,200     31,900
   x-minus total. Y-running bales.
    The indicated totals include reported commitments to both
named and unnamed destinations, sales on exporters' own account
and optional origin sales plus actual exports already made
during the respective marketing seasons.
    The USDA cautions that reported outstanding sales are
subject to modification, deferral or cancellation and it is
unlikely that all reported quantities will be exported.
    USDA gave detailed breakdowns for the 1986/87 and 1987/88
seasons as follows, in thousand tonnes unless stated --
 (A) - Firm sales to a declared destination.
 (B) - Ultimate destination not yet declared.
 (C) - Sales made on exporters' own account.
 (D) - Exporter holds option to fill commitment with supplies 
from origins other than U.S.
 (E) - Accumulated exports since season began based on data 
reported by exporters.
 (F) - Indicated total for season.
 (G) - USDA-projected exports for season.
 Note -- Totals may not add due to rounding.
     ALL WHEAT
                1986/87             1987/88
             4/2/87   Prev Wk  4/3/87 Prev Wk
 Named-A    3,157.6   3,684.1 1,591.4 1,635.6
 Unnamed-B    143.8     144.3    87.1    57.1
 E.O.A.-C       9.5       9.5     nil     nil
 O.O.P.-D       nil       nil     nil     nil
 Gr Total   3,310.9   3,837.9 1,679.0 1,692.7
 Ay Expd-E 21,044.6  20,433.4
 Ind Ttl-F 24,355.5  24,271.3
 USDAPRJ-G 27,900.0  27,900.0
    SOYBEANS
                 1986/87            1987/88
             4/2/87   Prev Wk   4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A    1,774.7  1,780.3     215.9   215.9
 Unnamed-B    500.3    524.8       nil    30.0
 E.O.A.-C      18.4     18.4       nil     nil
 O.O.P.-D       nil      nil       nil     nil
 Gr Total   2,293.4  2,323.5     215.9   245.9
 Ay Expd-E 14,334.2 14,183.2
 Ind Ttl-F 16,627.6 16,506.7
 USDAPRJ-G 19,050.0 19,050.0
    CORN
                1986/87             1987/88
            4/2/87    Prev Wk    4/2/87 Prev WK
 Named-A    8,559.8   8,684.8    772.1   268.8
 Unnamed-B    945.7     920.1      nil     nil
 E.O.A-C       90.8      66.9      nil     nil
 O.O.P-D      138.0     175.0      nil     nil
 Gr Total   9,734.3   9,846.9    772.1   268.8
 Ay Expd-E 20,296.0  19,293.8
 Ind Ttl-F 30,030.3  29,140.7
 USDAPRJ-G 31,750.0  31,750.0
    SORGHUM
                1986/87            1987/88
             4/2/87  Prev Wk    4/2/87 Prev WK
 Named-A      875.6    805.1     nil      nil
 Unnamed-B    151.2    151.2     10.2-x   nil
 E.O.A-C        nil      nil     nil      nil
 O.O.P-D      114.5    138.3     nil      nil
 Gr Total   1,141.3  1,094.6     10.2-x   nil
 Ay Expd-E  3,222.5  3,149.7
 Ind Ttl-F  4,363.8  4,244.3
 USDAPRJ-G  5,720.0  5,720.0
 x-minus total 
    WHEAT PRODUCTS
               1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87  Prev Wk   4/2/87   Prev Wk
 Named-A     321.0   401.9       nil    nil
 Unnamed-B     nil     nil       nil    nil
 E.O.A.-C      nil     nil       nil    nil
 O.O.P.-D      nil     nil       nil    nil
 Gr Total    321.0   401.9       nil    nil
 Ay Expd-E   926.9   840.9
 Ind Ttl-F 1,348.2 1,242.8
  Note - Includes bulgur, semolina, farina, rolled, cracked and
crushed wheat.
    SOYBEAN OIL
               1986/87           1987/88
           4/2/87  Prev Wk    4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A      8.8    10.4      nil     nil
 Unnamed-B    7.0    10.5      nil     nil
 E.O.A-C      nil     nil      nil     nil
 O.O.P-D      nil     nil      nil     nil
 Gr Total    15.8    20.9      nil     nil
 Ay Expd-E  138.4   135.8
 Ind Ttl-F  154.2   156.7
 USDAPRJ-G  610.0   610.0
    SOYBEAN CAKE AND MEAL
                1986/87             1987/88
             4/2/87  Prev Wk    4/2/87 Prev Wk
 Named-A      788.0    869.7    50.7      48.4
 Unnamed-B     76.0     94.0     nil       nil
 E.O.A-C        2.7      6.1     nil       nil
 O.O.P-D        nil      nil     nil       nil
 Gr Total     866.7    969.8    50.7      48.4
 Ay Expd-E  4,098.0  3,880.6
 Ind Ttl-F  4,964.7  4,850.4
 USDAPRJ-G  5,760.0  5,760.0
     COTTONSEED OIL
               1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87  Prev Wk   4/2/87   Prev Wk
 Named-A      7.4     7.2       nil     nil
 Unnamed-B    0.3     0.3       nil     nil
 E.O.A.-C     nil     nil       nil     nil
 O.O.P.-D     7.8     7.8       nil     nil
 Gr Total    15.4    15.2       nil     nil
    ALL UPLAND DOMESTIC RAW COTTON-Y
                1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87    Prev Wk   4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A    2,007.9  2,076.1     468.2   457.2
 Unnamed-B     20.3     20.2       nil     nil
 E.O.A-C        nil      nil       nil     nil
 O.O.P-C        nil      nil       nil     nil
 Gr Total   2,028.2  2,096.3     468.2   457.2
 Ay Expd-E  4,333.1  4,204.7
 Ind Ttl-F  6,361.3  6,301.0
 USDAPRJ-G  6,335.0  6,335.0
  Y-In thousand running bales.
    BARLEY
                 1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87   Prev Wk     4/2/87 Prev Wk
 Named-A      559.5    584.5      nil      nil
 Unnamed-B     12.7     12.7      nil      nil
 E.O.A.-C       nil      nil      nil      nil
 O.O.P.-D      25.0     25.0      nil      nil
 Gr Total     597.1    622.1      nil      nil
 Ay Expt-E  2,464.6  2,440.7
 Ind Ttl-F  3,061.7  3,062.8
 USDAPRJ-G  3,270.0  3,270.0
    OATS
             1986/87            1987/88
           4/2/87 Prev Wk    4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A     nil    nil       nil    nil
 Unnamed-B   nil    nil       nil    nil
 E.O.A.-C    nil    nil       nil    nil
 O.O.P.-D    nil    nil       nil    nil
 Gr Total    nil    nil       nil    nil
 Ay Expd-E   2.4    2.4
 Ind Ttl-F   2.4    2.4
 USDAPRJ-G  30.0   30.0
    RICE
                1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87   Prev Wk    4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A      347.6    369.1      nil     nil
 Unnamed-B      1.0      1.0      nil     nil
 E.O.A-C        nil      nil      nil     nil
 O.O.P-D        nil      nil      nil     nil
 Gr Total     348.6    370.1      nil     nil
 Ay Expd-E  1,718.8  1,688.2
 Ind Ttl-F  2,067.4  2,058.3
 USDAPRJ-G  2,580.0  2,580.0
    HARD RED WINTER WHEAT
               1986/87            1987/88
           4/2/87   Prev Wk     4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A   1,738.0  2,019.7     893.0   943.0
 Unnamed-B    80.5     70.5     107.6    77.2
 E.O.A.-C      nil      nil       nil     nil
 O.O.P.-D      nil      nil       nil     nil
 Gr Total  1,818.5  2,090.2   1,000.6 1,020.2
 Ay Exp-E  8,332.1  7,974.5
 Ind Tl-F 10,150.6 10,064.8
    WHITE WHEAT
               1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87  Prev Wk    4/2/87   Prev Wk
 Named-A     548.5    635.6     58.0    58.0
 Unnamed-B    19.0-x   19.0-x    6.0-x   6.0-x
 E.O.A.-C      nil      nil      nil     nil
 O.O.P.-D      nil      nil      nil     nil
 Gr Total    529.5    616.6     52.0    52.0
 Ay Exp-E  3,831.5  3,757.7
 Ind Tl-F  4,361.0  4,374.3
  x - denotes minus figure
    HARD RED SPRING WHEAT
              1986/87             1987/88
          4/2/87   Prev Wk    4/2/87   Prev Wk
 Named-A    576.6    620.6    164.7   164.7
 Unnamed-B   29.6     16.0      nil     nil
 E.O.A.-C     0.9      0.9      nil     nil
 O.O.P.-D     nil      nil      nil     nil
 Gr Total   607.1    637.5    164.7   164.7
 Ay Exp-E 4,312.4  4,247.6
 Ind Tl-F 4,919.5  4,885.1
     DURUM WHEAT
              1986/87              1987/88
           4/2/87   Prev Wk    4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A    166.6    280.3      93.4   93.4
 Unnamed-B   52.8     76.9       nil    nil
 E.O.A.-C     2.8      2.8       nil    nil
 O.O.P.-D     nil      nil       nil    nil
 Gr Total   222.2    360.0      93.4   93.4
 Ay Exp-E 1,842.6  1,727.5
 Ind Tl-F 2,064.8  2,087.5
    SOFT RED WINTER WHEAT
               1986/87             1987/88
            4/2/87  Prev Wk     4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A     127.8    127.8    382.3   376.5
 Unnamed-B     nil      nil     14.0-x  14.0-x
 E.O.A.-C      5.8      5.8      nil     nil
 O.O.P.-D      nil      nil      nil     nil
 Gr Total    133.6    133.6    368.3   362.5
 Ay Exp-E  2,726.0  2,726.0
 Ind Tl-F  2,859.6  2,859.6
 x-minus figure
    Country and destinations of the identified sales of
commodities reported by exporters in week ended April 2 for
the respective marketing seasons were detailed by the USDA as
follows, with comparisons for the previous week, in thousands
of tonnes, except where noted-- 
 ALL WHEAT  
               1986/87             1987/88
             4/2/87  Prev Wk   4/2/87   Prev Wk
 E.C.          nil     nil      50.0    50.0
 Other West
 Europe      218.8   236.8       nil     nil
 East Europe 261.0   346.0      25.0    25.0
    ALL WHEAT Continued
                 1986/87            1987/88
             4/2/87  Prev Wk    4/2/87  Prev Wk
 USSR           nil      nil      nil     nil
 Japan        490.4    662.2      nil     nil
 China         90.0     90.0    910.0   910.0
 Taiwan       115.0    141.0    144.0   144.0
 Other Asia and
 Oceania      654.9    730.9     28.6    78.6
 Africa       959.5  1,115.0    167.1   167.1
 Western
 Hemisphere   367.9    362.1    266.7   260.9
 SOYBEANS        1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87   Prev Wk   4/2/87   Prev Wk
 E.C.        302.2     317.7    91.4     91.4
 Other West
 Europe       25.0      25.0     nil      nil
 East Europe 101.0     101.0     nil      nil
 Japan       355.4     330.5     nil      nil
 China         nil       nil     nil      nil
 Taiwan      472.0     499.0    87.0     87.0
 Other Asia and
 Oceania     164.6     187.7     nil      nil
 Africa        nil       nil     nil      nil
 Western
 Hemisphere  354.4     391.5     37.5    37.5
    SOYBEAN OIL
             1986/87           1987/88
          4/2/87  Prev Wk    4/2/87  Prev Wk
 E.C.        1.5     1.5      nil     nil
 India       nil     nil      nil     nil
 Other Asia and
 Oceania     nil     nil      nil     nil
 Africa      nil     nil      nil     nil
 Western
 Hemisphere  7.3     8.9      nil     nil
    SOYBEAN CAKE/MEAL
                 1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87   Prev Wk   4/2/87   Prev Wk
 E.C.        301.7   350.7     47.2   45.0
 Other West
 Europe        nil     nil      nil    nil
 East Europe   nil    36.0      nil    nil
 Japan         nil     3.5      nil    nil
 Other Asia and
 Oceania      25.0    40.0      nil    nil
 Africa       30.2    38.0      nil    nil
 Western
 Hemisphere  431.0   401.5      3.4    3.4
    CORN         1986/87            1987/88
              4/2/87   Prev Wk   4/2/87  Prev Wk
 E.C.           82.5     22.5       0.2     0.2
 Other West
 Europe          nil      0.8       nil     nil
 E. Europe      94.0     50.0      50.0    50.0
 USSR        2,432.7  2,543.8       nil     nil
 Japan       2,767.4  2,787.8      52.4    21.0
 China         495.0    555.0       nil     nil
 Taiwan        791.0    836.0     390.0   170.0
 Other Asia and
 Oceania       721.7    615.2     250.0     nil
 Africa        125.0    195.5       nil     nil
 WestHem     1,050.5  1,114.0      29.4    27.6
    UPLAND COTTON (In thousand bales)
               1986/87             1987/88
            4/2/87  Prev Wk     4/2/87 Prev Wk
 E.C.        260.9    266.1     97.9    95.0
 Other West
 Europe       62.2     66.2      8.7     8.7
 E. Europe     3.1      3.1      nil     nil
 Japan       445.8    484.1     72.3    70.1
 Taiwan      377.9    390.4     41.6    39.5
 Other Asia and
 Oceania     741.7    783.4    244.5   241.1
 Africa       16.7     13.4      nil     nil
 Western
 Hemisphere   99.6     69.5      3.2     2.7
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15875>
The U.S. Agriculture Department made
the following supply/demand projections for the 1986/87
seasons, in mln bushels, with comparisons, unless noted --
    CORN --     1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Acreage (mln acres) --
     Planted   76.7    76.7     83.4    83.4
   Harvested   69.2    69.2     75.2    75.2
  Yield (bu)  119.3   119.3    118.0   118.0
 Supply (mln bu) -- 
 Start Stock  4,040   4,040    1,648   1,648
  Production  8,253   8,253    8,877   8,877
     Total-X 12,295  12,295   10,536  10,536
  X-Includes imports.
    CORN (cont.)
                 1986/87           1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Usage: Feed  4,500    4,300     4,095    4,126
       Other  1,180    1,150     1,160    1,129
  Ttl Domest  5,680    5,450     5,255    5,255
     Exports  1,375    1,250     1,241    1,241
   Total Use  7,055    6,700     6,496    6,496
  End Stocks  5,240    5,595     4,040    4,040
 Farmer Reser 1,400    1,300       564      564
  CCC Stocks  1,700    1,500       546      546
 Free Stocks  2,140    2,795     2,930    2,930
  AvgPrice  1.35-1.65  1.35-1.65  2.23     2.23
  Note - Price in dlrs per bu. Corn season begins Sept 1.
    ALL WHEAT -
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Acreage (mln acres) --
     Planted   72.0    72.0     75.6    75.6
   Harvested   60.7    60.7     64.7    64.7
       Yield   34.4    34.4     37.5    37.5
 Supply (mln bu) --
 Start Stcks  1,905   1,905    1,425   1,425
  Production  2,087   2,087    2,425   2,425
       Total
    Supply-X  4,007   4,007    3,865   3,865
 X - Includes imports.
    ALL WHEAT   1986/87            1985/86
 (cont.)   04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Usage: Food    700    690       678    678
        Seed     84     90        93     93
        Feed    350    325       274    274
  Ttl Domest  1,134  1,105     1,045  1,045
     Exports  1,025  1,025       915    915
   Total Use  2,159  2,130     1,960  1,960
  End Stocks  1,848  1,877     1,905  1,905
 Farmer Reser   475    450       433    433
  CCC Stocks    950    950       602    602
 Free Stocks    423    477       870    870
  Avg Price  2.30-40  2.30-40   3.08   3.08
 Note - Price in dlrs per bushel. Wheat season begins June 1.
    SOYBEANS -
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Acreage (mln acres) --
      Planted   61.5   61.5     63.1   61.1
    Harvested   59.4   59.4     61.6   61.6
   Yield (bu)   33.8   33.8     34.1   34.1
 Supply (mln bu) --
 Start Stocks    536    536      316    316
   Production  2,007  2,007    2,099  2,099
        Total  2,543  2,543    2,415  2,415
    SOYBEANS (cont.)
               1986/87             1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87   04/09/87 03/09/87
      Usage --
  Crushings  1,130   1,115      1,053   1,053
    Exports    700     700        740     740
 Seed, Feed and
   Residual    103      93         86      86
  Total Use  1,933   1,908      1,879   1,879
 End Stocks    610     635        536     536
 Avg Price 4.60-4.80 4.60-4.80   5.05    5.05
 Note - Average price in dlrs per bushel. Soybean season begins
June 1.
    FEEDGRAINS - X
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Acreage (mln acres) --
      Planted  119.8   119.8     128.1   128.1
    Harvested  102.0   102.0     111.8   111.8
 Yld (tonnes)   2.48    2.48      2.45    2.45
 Supply (mln tonnes) --
 Start Stocks  126.4   126.4      57.5    57.5
   Production  252.4   252.4     274.4   274.4
      Imports    0.6     0.6       0.9     0.9
        Total  379.4   379.4     332.7   332.7
 X - Includes corn, sorghum, barley, oats.
    FEEDGRAINS - X (cont.)
                 1986/87          1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Usage: Feed  140.6   136.2     134.8   135.5
       Other   35.8    35.0      35.0    34.3
  Ttl Domest  176.4   171.2     169.8   169.8
     Exports   43.9    40.8      36.6    36.6
   Total Use  220.3   211.9     206.4   206.4
  End Stocks  159.1   167.5     126.4   126.4
 Farmer Reser  39.0    36.5      16.6    16.6
  CCC Stocks   55.2    49.5      20.4    20.4
 Free Stocks   64.8    81.5      89.3    89.3
 X - Includes corn, sorghum, oats, barley. Seasons for oats,
barley began June 1, corn and sorghum Sept 1.
    SOYBEAN OIL -
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Supply (mln lbs) --
 Start Stcks     947     947       632     632
  Production  12,263  12,103    11,617  11,617
     Imports     Nil     Nil         8       8
       Total  13,210  13,050    12,257  12,257
 Note - 1985/86 production estimates based on October year
crush of 1,060 mln bushels.
    SOYBEAN OIL (cont.) -
               1986/87             1985/86
          04/09/87  03/09/87  04/09/87  03/09/87
 Usage (mln lbs) --
  Domestic  10,500    10,500    10,053   10,053
   Exports   1,350     1,350     1,257    1,257
     Total  11,850    11,850    11,310   11,310
 End Stcks   1,360     1,200       947      947
 AvgPrice  14.5-16.0  15.0-17.0  18.00    18.00
 Note - Average price in cents per lb. Season for soybean oil
begins Oct 1.
    SOYBEAN CAKE/MEAL, in thousand short tons --
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks     212     212       387     387
  Production  26,558  26,203    24,951  24,951
       Total  26,770  26,415    25,338  25,338
 Note - 1985/86 production estimates based on October year
crush of 1,060 mln bushels.
    SOY CAKE/MEAL (cont.) -
               1986/87            1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Usage (thous short tons) --
  Domestic   20,000  19,750    19,090  19,118
   Exports    6,500   6,350     6,036   6,008
     Total   26,500  26,100    25,126  25,126
 End Stcks      270     315       212     212
  AvgPrice  145-150  145-150   154.90  154.90
  Note - Price in dlrs per short ton. Season for soybean cake
and meal begins Oct 1.
    COTTON --
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Area (mln acres) --
      Planted  10.06   10.06     10.68   10.68
    Harvested   8.49    8.49     10.23   10.23
  Yield (lbs)    549     553       630     630
 Supply (mln 480-lb bales) --
 Start Stks-X   9.35    9.35      4.10    4.10
   Production   9.70    9.79     13.43   13.43
 Ttl Supply-Y  19.06   19.14     17.57   17.57
  X - Based on Census Bureau data. Y - Includes imports.
    COTTON (cont.) -
               1986/87           1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
   Usage --
   Domestic   7.10    7.01     6.40    6.40
    Exports   6.66    6.76     1.96    1.96
      Total  13.76   13.77     8.36    8.36
 End Stocks   5.40    5.49     9.35    9.35
 Avge Price  51.7-X  51.7-X   56.50   56.50
 X - 1986/87 price is weighted average for first five months of
marketing year, not a projection for 1986/87. Average price in
cents per lb. Cotton season begins August 1.
    RICE
               1986/87            1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Acreage (mln acres) --
     Planted   2.40    2.40      2.51    2.51
   Harvested   2.38    2.38      2.49    2.49
 Yield (lbs)  5,648   5,648     5,414   5,414
 Supply (mln cwts) --
 Start Stcks   77.3    77.3      64.7    64.7
  Production  134.4   134.4     134.9   134.9
     Imports    2.2     2.2       2.2     2.2
       Total  213.9   213.9     201.8   201.8
    RICE (cont.)
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Usage (mln cwts) --
    Domestic   67.0    67.0      65.8    65.8
     Exports   80.0    80.0      58.7    58.7
     Total-Y  147.0   147.0     124.5   124.5
  End Stocks   66.9    66.9      77.3    77.3
  CCC Stocks   42.9    42.9      41.5    41.5
 Free Stocks   24.0    24.0      35.8    35.8
   AvgPrice 3.45-4.25 3.45-4.25  6.53    6.53
 Note - Average price in dlrs per CWT. Y-Rough equivalent.
N.A.-Not Available, USDA revising price definition due to
marketing loan. Rice season begins August 1.
    SORGHUM
               1986/87            1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
  Yield (bu)  67.7    67.7     66.8    66.8
 Supply (mln bu) --
 Start Stcks   551     551      300     300
  Production   942     942    1,120   1,120
       Total 1,493   1,493    1,420   1,420
  Usage (mln bu) --
        Feed   550     575      662     662
       Other    30      30       29      29
  Ttl Domest   580     605      691     691
    SORGHUM (cont.) -
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
    Exports     225     225       178     178
  Total Use     805     830       869     869
 End Stocks     688     663       551     551
 Avge Price  1.30-50  1.30-50    1.93    1.93
 Note - Price in dlrs per bushel. Sorghum season begins Sept 1.
    BARLEY
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
   Yield (bu)  50.8    50.8      51.0    51.0
 Start Stocks   325     325       247     247
   Production   610     610       591     591
      Imports     5       5         9       9
        Total   941     941       847     847
    BARLEY (cont.)
             1986/87            1985/86
        04/09/87 03/15/87  04/09/87 03/15/87
 Usage (mln bu) --
       Feed  300    300       333    333
      Other  175    175       167    167
 Ttl Domest  475    475       500    500
    Exports  150    150        22     22
  Total Use  625    625       522    522
 End Stocks  316    316       325    325
  AvgPrice 1.45-65  1.45-65  1.98   1.98
 Note - Average price in dlrs per bushel. Barley season begins
June 1.
    OATS - in mln bushels
               1986/87            1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
  Yield (bu)  56.0   56.0      63.7   63.7
 Start Stcks   184    184       180    180
  Production   385    385       521    521
     Imports    30     30        28     28
       Total   598    598       729    729
    OATS, in mln bushels (cont.)
              1986/87             1985/86
         04/09/87 03/09/87   04/09/87 03/09/87
     Usage --
      Feed   400     400       460     460
     Other    85      85        83      83
 Ttl Domes   485     485       543     543
   Exports     2       2         2       2
     Total   487     487       545     545
 End Stcks   111     111       184     184
 AvgPrice 1.00-20  1.00-20    1.23    1.23
  Note - Average price in dlrs per bushel. Oats season begins
June 1.
    LONG GRAIN RICE, in mln CWTs (100 lbs) --
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
   Harvested --
 Acres (mln)   1.83    1.83     1.94    1.94
 Yield (lbs)  5,358   5,358    5,168   5,168
  Start Stks   49.3    49.3     37.7    37.7
  Production   97.8    97.8    100.4   100.4
  Ttl Supply  148.6   148.6    140.1   140.1
 Note -- Starting Stocks does not include broken kernels --
Supply minus use does not equal ending stocks in breakdowns.
Total Supply includes imports but not broken kernels.
    LONG GRAIN RICE, in mln CWTs (100 lbs), cont. --
                 1986/87           1985/86
            04/09/87 03/09/87 04/09/87 03/09/87
 Domestic Use   43.0    43.0      48.8    48.8
      Exports   65.0    60.0      42.0    42.0
    Total Use  108.0   103.0      90.8    90.8
 End Stocks-X   40.6    45.6      49.3    49.3
    AvgPric 3.45-4.25 3.45-4.24   6.86    6.86
 Note - Average price in dlrs per cwt. X-Broken kernels not
included -- supply minus use does not equal ending stocks in
breakdowns. Rice season begins August 1.
    MEDIUM, SHORT GRAIN RICE - in mln CWTs (100 lbs) --
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
   Harvested --
 Acres (mln)   0.55    0.55     0.55    0.55
 Yield (lbs)  6,651   6,651    6,258   6,258
  Start Stks   26.7    26.7     25.7    25.7
  Production   36.6    36.6     34.5    34.5
  Ttl Supply   65.3    65.3     61.7    61.7
 Note -- Starting Stocks does not include broken kernels --
Supply minus use does not equal ending stocks in breakdowns.
Total Supply includes imports but not broken kernels.
    MEDIUM, SHORT GRAIN RICE, in mln CWTs (100 lbs), cont. --
                 1986/87          1985/86
            04/09/87 03/09/87 04/09/87 03/09/87
 Domestic Use   24.0    24.0      17.0    17.0
      Exports   15.0    20.0      16.7    16.7
    Total Use   39.0    44.0      33.7    33.7
 End Stocks-X   24.5    19.5      26.7    26.7
    AvgPric 3.45-4.25  3.45-4.25  5.91    5.91
 Note - Average price in dlrs per CWT. X-Broken kernels not
included - supply minus use does not equal ending stocks in
breakdowns. Rice season begins August 1.
    NOTES ON U.S. SUPPLY/DEMAND TABLES
    -- N.A. - Not available.
    -- Totals may not add due to rounding.
    -- Figures for 1986/87 are midpoint of USDA range.
    -- Feed usage for corn, wheat, soybean, feedgrains,
sorghum, barley, oats includes residual amount.
    -- Residual amount included in rice and medium/short grain
rice domestic usage.
    -- Rice, long grain, and medium/short grain rice average
price for 1985/86 estimates and 1986/87 projections are market
prices and exclude cash retained under the marketing loan since
April, 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15890>
Exports of the following commodities
between start of current seasons and April 2, with comparisons,
as reported to USDA by exporters, in thousand tonnes, unless
noted --
               4/2/87    Prev Wk   4/3/86
 Wheat        21,044.6  20,398.3  19,725.8
 Soybeans     14,334.2  14,063.5  14,698.4
 Corn         20,296.0  19,194.6  25,182.6-x
 Sorghum       3,222.5   3,149.7   3,168.9-x
 Soybean Oil     138.4     135.8     179.9
 Soybean Meal  4,098.0   3,880.6   3,141.3
 Cotton        4,333.1   4,204.7   1,510.4
 X-2,059,300 tonnes of corn and 763,800 tonnes of sorghum added
to reflect change in marketing year to Sept-Aug.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15906>
The U.S. Agriculture Department made
the following 1986/87 projections in its world Supply/Demand
report, with comparisons, in mln tonnes, except where noted --
    Total World Grain
               1986/87            1985/86
         04/09/87  03/09/87  04/09/87  03/09/87
 Produc  1,682.31  1,686.11  1,663.69  1,663.70
 Total
 Supply  2,025.71  2,028.45  1,919.18  1,920.13
 Trade-X   212.15    211.89    204.42    203.92
 Usage   1,635.01  1,630.40  1,575.78  1,577.79
 End Stks  390.70    398.05    343.40    342.34
 X-Based on export estimate.
    All Wheat    1986/87           1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stks  137.05   136.48   125.54   125.87
 Production  529.20   528.40   498.97   498.81
 Imports      97.57    98.27    94.56    94.36
 Feed Use    101.79   100.82    90.19    90.56
 Total Domes 517.26   514.89   487.45   488.20
 Exports     101.08   101.20    95.92    95.76
 End Stocks  148.99   149.99   137.05   136.48
  Note - World imports/exports may not balance due to differing
marketing years, grains in transit and reporting discrepancies.
    Coarse Grain
                1986/87           1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks 181.64  181.10    107.80  108.40
 Production  835.21  838.82    844.60  844.84
 Imports      95.66   93.77     95.70   95.18
 Feed Use    514.07  510.20    510.20  510.80
 Total Domes 796.33  793.64    770.76  772.14
 Exports      98.97   98.47     96.02   95.76
 End Stocks  220.52  226.28    181.64  181.10
  Note - World imports/exports may not balance due to differing
marketing years, grain in transit and reporting discrepancies.
    Corn (Mln Tonnes)
                1986/87           1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks 123.08  123.11     61.09   61.75
 Production  477.26  480.29    481.86  481.92
 Imports      61.03   58.59     62.12   62.08
 Feed Use    295.49  289.47    286.53  287.42
 Ttl Domes   444.78  439.80    419.88  420.55
 Exports      62.80   62.10     62.53   62.15
 End Stocks  155.56  163.61    123.08  123.11
  Note - World imports/exports may not balance due to differing
marketing years, grain in transit and reporting discrepancies.

    Soybeans
                1986/87           1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks  23.03   22.84    17.59   17.58
 Production   99.98   99.43    96.74   96.53
 Imports      26.21   26.27    27.08   27.08
 Crushings    79.69   79.33    76.16   76.15
 Ttl Domes    97.53   96.40    92.36   92.34
 Exports      26.45   26.43    26.02   26.01
 End Stocks   25.23   25.71    23.03   22.84
  Note - Imports and exports do not balance due to differing
marketing years and time lags between reported exports and
imports.
    Soybean Meal
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stocks  2.55    2.47     2.79    2.74
 Production   62.71   62.40    60.09   60.09
 Imports      23.47   23.49    23.48   23.47
 Consumption  62.69   62.49    61.06   61.10
 Exports      23.51   23.39    22.76   22.74
 End Stocks    2.52    2.47     2.55    2.47
  Note - Imports and exports may not balance due to differing
marketing years and time lags between reported exports and
imports.
    Soybean Oil
                1986/87          1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stocks  1.61   1.51       1.37   1.36
 Production   14.20  14.13      13.65  13.66
 Imports       3.31   3.29       3.08   3.05
 Consumption  14.02  14.03      13.33  13.40
 Exports       3.33   3.35       3.15   3.16
 End Stocks    1.78   1.54       1.61   1.51
   Note - Imports and exports do not balance due to differing
marketing years and time lags between reported exports and
imports.
    Cotton (Mln Bales)
               1986/87          1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks 45.87   48.14    42.70   43.11
 Production  69.53   69.66    78.94   78.92
 Imports     23.07   23.07    21.49   21.45
 Mill Use    80.72   77.08    76.84   74.79
 Exports     23.37   23.50    20.25   20.28
 End Stocks  34.16   39.99    45.87   48.14
  Note - Imports and exports may not balance due to cotton in
transit and reporting discrepancies in some countries.
    Rice (Milled Basis)
                1986/87          1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stocks 24.71   24.75     22.16   22.16
 Production  317.90  318.90    320.12  320.05
 Imports      10.56   10.63     11.68   11.70
 Dom. Use    321.41  321.87    317.58  317.46
 Exports      12.11   12.22     12.49   12.39
 End Stocks   21.19   21.78     24.71   24.75
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15917>
Argentine grain board preliminary
figures show 1986/87 crop export registrations of grains and
oilseeds in the week to April 8, were as follows, in tonnes,
compared with the previous week and the comparable week a year
earlier.
    BREAD WHEAT         nil        nil       nil
    MAIZE              113,500    21,800    51,300
    SORGHUM             13,600      nil     26,500
    SOYBEAN             30,000    36,000    72,000
    SUNFLOWERSEED        nil        nil     19,100
    Cumulative figures export registrations for the 1986/87
crop to April 8, 1987, with comparative figures for the 1985/86
crop up to April 9, 1986, in brackets, were in thousands of
tonnes.
    BREAD WHEAT            2,692,4    (4,161.0)
    MAIZE                  2,305.1    (5,200.0)
    SORGHUM                  220.5      (625.7)
    SOYBEAN                  561.3      (524.5)
    SUNFLOWERSEED             45.7      (213.2)
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15921>
The U.S. Agriculture Department
detailed world supply/demand data for major importers and
exporters of soybeans, by country, as follows in mln tonnes --
    BRAZIL SOYBEANS
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stocks  4.19    4.01     4.71    4.71
 Production   17.00   17.00    13.90   13.70
 Imports       0.35    0.35     2.09    0.29
 Domestic Use 14.54   14.54    13.51   13.49
 Exports       2.50    2.50     1.20    1.20
 End Stocks    4.50    4.32     4.19    4.01
    ARGENTINA SOYBEANS, in mln tonnes --
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stocks  1.83    1.83     1.80    1.80
 Production    7.70    7.70     7.30    7.30
 Imports        NIL     NIL      NIL     NIL
 Domestic Use  4.97    4.97     4.74    4.74
 Exports       2.65    2.65     2.54    2.54
 End Stocks    1.91    1.91     1.83    1.83
    EC-12 SOYBEANS, in mln tonnes --
                1986/87           1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stocks  0.51   0.52       0.66   0.66
 Production    0.83   0.83       0.33   0.33
 Imports      12.89  12.85      12.99  12.96
 Domestic Use 13.72  13.68      13.34  13.30
 Exports       0.11   0.11       0.13   0.13
 End Stocks    0.40   0.41       0.51   0.52
    JAPAN SOYBEANS, in mln tonnes --
               1986/87            1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks  0.76   0.76      0.79   0.79
 Production   0.25   0.25      0.23   0.23
 Imports      4.84   4.84      4.80   4.80
 Domes Use    5.10   5.10      5.06   5.06
 Exports       NIL    NIL       NIL    NIL
 End Stocks   0.75   0.75      0.76   0.76
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15953>
Reporting members of the National
Soybean Processors Association (NSPA) crushed 19,416,000
bushels of soybeans in the week ended April 8 compared with
20,115,000 bushels in the previous week and 17,160,000 in the
year-ago week, the association said.
    It said total crushing capacity for members was 25,873,904
bushels vs 25,873,904 last week and 25,459,238 bushels last
year.
    NSPA also said U.S. soybean meal exports in the week were
70,351 tonnes vs 135,452 tonnes a week ago and compared with
76,065 tonnes in the year-ago week.
    NSPA said the figures include only NSPA member firms.
    NSPA gave the following breakdown of the soybean crush for
the week, with comparisons, in 1,000 bu:
                    4/08/87   4/01/87  YEAR-AGO
           Illinois   2,576    3,479        X
      Ind, Ky, Ohio   3,586    3,376    6,053-Y
         South East   3,871    3,791    3,058
      South Central   1,631    1,934    1,563
         South West   2,426    2,334    2,183
               Iowa   3,450    3,550    2,815
   Minn, N.D., S.D.   1,875    1,651    1,488
         Total U.S.  19,416   20,115   17,160
 X-Ill not reported exclusive of Ind, Ky and Ohio in year-ago
period. Y-Includes Ill.
                    
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15999>
There were 287,700 tonnes of U.S.
corn shipped to the Soviet Union in the week ended April 2,
according to the U.S. Agriculture Department's latest Export
Sales report.
    That compares with 106,200 tonnes shipped in the prior
week.
    There were no wheat or soybean shipments during the week.
    The USSR has purchased 2,825,600 tonnes of U.S. corn, as of
April 2, for delivery in the fourth year of the U.S.-USSR grain
agreement.
    Total shipments in the third year of the U.S.-USSR grains
agreement, which ended September 30, amounted to 152,600 tonnes
of wheat, 6,808,100 tonnes of corn and 1,518,700 tonnes of
soybeans.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16525>
Grain traders and analysts expect
today's weekly U.S. corn export inspection figure to be well
above last year, with wheat slightly better and soybeans about
the same.
    Corn export inspection guesses ranged from 40.0 to 44.0 mln
bushels for the week ended April 9, compared up 46.6 mln
inspected a week earlier and 15.2 mln in the year-ago week.
    Soybean export estimates ranged from 12.0 to 15.0 mln
bushels versus 10.8 mln exported last week and 13.2 mln last
year.
    Export guesses for all wheat ranged from 16.0 to 20.0 mln
bushels, compared with 16.4 mln last week and 11.2 mln last
year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16752>
A 50 pct cut in the import tariff for
soybeans should help boost 1987 U.S. Soybean exports to Taiwan,
a spokesman for the joint committee of soybean importers told
Reuters.
    He said the cut to 3.5 from seven pct was approved by the
cabinet yesterday and would go into effect within a week.
    The cut will encourage local importers to increase 1987
soybean imports to 1.9 mln tonnes from 1.74 mln last year, he
said. The previous target for 1987 was 1.81 tonnes.
    Taiwan imports more than 90 pct of its soybeans from the
U.S. And the rest from South America.
    The spokesman said the increase in imports from the U.S. Is
in line with government efforts to reduce Taiwan's trade
surplus with Washington, which rose to 3.61 billion U.S. Dlrs
in the first quarter of 1987 from 2.78 billion a year ago.
    "The tariff cut is very helpful for American suppliers (who
want) to boost their exports to Taiwan," Steve Chen, country
director of the American Soybean Association, told Reuters.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18177>
Nearby months in soybean and soymeal
futures could post a short-term rally on tightening supply of
livestock feed, even if favorable growing conditions keep the
new crop outlook bearish, traders said.
    "A lot of soymeal dealers are just getting very worried
about where processors will get their soybeans this Summer,"
one Illinois soyproduct dealer said.
    Processors are competing vigorously with river dealers for
the few soybeans being offered by country elevators, with a
Decatur, Illinois processor raising its spot soybean basis bid
another two cents today to 10 over July futures.
    Farmer marketings of old crop soybeans continue very light,
with flat prices apparently well below levels they are willing
to sell, dealers said.
    Some terminal elevator operators are coming to the belief
that even if futures rally back to last month's highs, country
movement may remain light because farmers in many areas are
sold out of old crop soybeans, particularly in the eastern half
of the Midwest.
    Soybean processors will continue to take seasonal downtime
for maintenance if soybeans remain difficult to buy, reducing
the weekly soybean crush rate still further and keeping the
spot soymeal basis strong, dealers said.
    Futures traders said tight cash supplies should help July
soybeans and soymeal gain on deferreds. July soymeal has
already moved to a premium over the August through October
months and old crop July/new crop November soybeans may also
move to a July premium later this month, they added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18544>
The joint committee of Taiwan's soybean
importers will reopen a tender tomorrow for two shipments of
54,000 to 66,000 tonnes of U.S. Soybeans, a committee spokesman
told Reuters.
     The committee rejected a tender today for a cargo of
27,000 to 33,000 tonnes on the grounds the prices offered by
the U.S. Suppliers were too high, he said.
    The committee will be seeking a further shipment of between
27,000 and 33,000 tonnes when it reopens the tender tomorrow,
he added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19057>
The joint committee of Taiwan's soybean
importers awarded a contract to Cargill Inc of Minneapolis,
Minnesota, for supply of one 32,000 tonne cargo of U.S.
Soybeans, a committee spokesman told Reuters.
    The cargo, priced at 249.10 U.S. Dlrs per tonne c and f
Taiwan, is set for delivery before July 7, he said.
    The committee cancelled a tender for another cargo because
the prices offered by U.S. Suppliers were too high, he added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19630>
Staley Continental Inc
said it sold its 50 interest in Sociedad Iberica de
Molturacion, S.A. (Simsa), a soybean and sunflower seed
processing company based in Madrid, Spain.
    Staley's investment in Simsa no longer fit its overall
coporate strategy and an agreement to sell the interest was
completed in May, it said.
    Staley said the Simsa transaction will not have a material
effect on its balance sheet.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19721>
Weekend rain over the Western Corn Belt
brought further relief to crop areas that had been dry earlier
this month, and developing weather patterns will bring welcome
moisture to central and eastern belt locations this week,
according to Dale Mohler, senior meteorologist for Accu-Weather
Inc.
    "There is going to be more rain for the next two, three
days," he said. "We're in a fairly wet pattern with normal to
above normal moisture this week."
    Mohler said rainfall averaged 1/2 inch across southern
Minnesota, 3/4 inch over southwest Iowa, one inch in eastern
Nebraska and 1-1/2 inches in south-central Nebraska.
    Illinois fields saw virtually no rain over the weekend but
were receiving scattered thundershower activity today, he said.
    Rain patterns will move across Indiana to Ohio with
thudershower activity yielding to more general rains, he said.
    "Tomorrow, that eastern area will get 1/4 to one inch, a
pretty good rain," Mohler said.
    Rain was heavier than expected over the weekend, sparking
an early selloff in soybean futures at the Chicago Board of
Trade. Prices were off 14 to 20-1/2 cents with November off
19-1/2 cents at 5.43-1/2 dlrs.
    Mohler said the cold front now over the eastern belt is
expected to move over the central Midwest, then move north
later in the week. That could bring new rain patterns across
the Corn Belt and assure good crop conditions as
early-developed corn moves into the crucial pollination stage
in early July, he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20208>
Oilmeal demand remained strong in the
United States in July and August and six pct up on levels seen
in the same months last year, with most of the rise coming in
soymeal, the Hamburg based publication Oil World said.
    Total U.S domestic usage of the nine major oilmeals rose to
a record 19 mln tonnes in October 1986/August 1987, up 4.2 pct
on the same year-ago period, with the increase in soymeal at
seven pct, it said.
    Soviet soymeal demand rose by 310,000 tonnes in July and
330,000 tonnes in August over the respective year-ago months
following a huge increase in soymeal imports.
    Oil World presumed some imports were not used immediately
but went into stocks. With imports again large in September, it
estimated Soviet soymeal stocks sharply up at 800,000 tonnes by
October 1 from around 130,000 at the same time last year.
    EC oilmeal demand rose 100,000 tonnes in August from a year
earlier, with soymeal up 45,000 tonnes. Crushings of rapeseed,
sunseed and soybeans will probably rise from last year due to
bumper EC crops. It estimated the EC rapeseed crop at a record
5.9 mln tonnes, up from 3.7 mln last year. Rapeseed disposals
were reported at 2.1 mln tonnes by September 20 against 1.4 mln
at that time last year.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20335>
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard
Lyng said he is pleased the European Community plans to offer a
global farm reform plan at GATT later this month, although the
United States opposes key parts of the proposal.
    "We're pleased that they have moved in tabling a proposal.
It will help us in getting the negotiations underway," Lyng
told Reuters in an interview Tuesday.
    Lyng's comment came after EC ministers in Luxembourg
endorsed a farm reform package drafted by the EC Commission.
The EC plan will be presented at the next meeting of Uruguay
round agriculture negotiators in Geneva on October 26.
    Lyng said the United States would oppose parts of the plan
seeking a market sharing agreement for grains, and proposing
curbs on U.S. soybean and cereal substitute exports to Europe.
    The U.S. in July proposed to GATT the elimination of all
farm subsidies affecting trade within ten years, and has
pressed the EC to make a counter-offer with the aim of reaching
a global farm subsidy agreement by the end of 1988.
    However, the EC and some U.S. domestic groups have said the
Reagan administration plan to end all farm trade subsidies is
unrealistic.
    Asked about such criticism, Lyng said "The alternative to
doing that is to say that we preserve them and maintain them. I
think that is the unrealistic position."
    "I would suggest that they (EC) listen to what we are
trying to say."
    Lyng also rejected suggestions the U.S. and EC agree a
freeze in export subsidies to get the GATT negotiations 
started.
    "All that some countries would like to have would be a
wheat agreement where we would stop export subsidies on wheat.
That doesn't do a thing for us," Lyng said.
    The United States wants an end to subsidies in a range of
agricultural products from dairy products to vegetable oils, he
said.
    At the GATT negotiators meeting next week Canada is
expected to offer a proposal as well as the EC.
    The United States will be represented at the meeting by
former agriculture undersecretary Daniel Amstutz, recently
appointed special U.S. negotiator on agriculture.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20461>
The American Soybean Association (ASA)
denounced European Community (EC) oilseed policies as illegal
under the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, and
threatened to make an unfair trade complaint if the EC does not
remedy the situation.
    ASA Vice President James Adams told an ASA-sponsored
Outlook 87 conference: "It will be filed unless the EC takes
drastic and immediate steps."
    "These subsidies are blatantly unfair and are GATT illegal,
since they were established after the zero soybean duty was
established in 1962," he said.
    The ASA's unfair trade petition against the EC would ask
for an investigation and modification of EC oilseed policies to
make the regime non-discriminatory.
    The EC in 1962 ruled all EC oilseed imports duty-free, in
an effort to fill its oilseed needs. But EC oilseeds production
has risen dramatically since then.
    The EC now guarantees oilseed prices to farmers above world
market levels and is considering implementing a controversial
oils and fats tax.
    The subsidies "are obvious attempts to circumvent the zero
duty binding and that makes U.S. Farmers mad as hell," Adams
said.
    The ASA is confident the U.S. Congress will support its
trade complaint, Adams said. The ASA also strongly opposes an
EC proposal to tax vegetable and marine oils consumed in the
EC, which will be considered by the EC Commission in December.
    U.S. Soybean world market share has declined 35 pct in
volume and 40 pct in value since 1982, primarily as a result of
EC policies, Adams added.
    Lord Plumb, European Parliament President and a speaker at
the conference, said the EC expanded oilseed production in 1973
when the U.S. Halted overseas sales of soy products.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20645>
Private exporters reported sales of
125,000 tonnes of U.S. corn to the Soviet Union for delivery
during the 1987/88 season and under the fifth year of the Long
Term Grain Supply Agreement.
    The department noted the sales are the first reported for
delivery during the fifth year of the Agreement, which began
October 1, 1987.
    Sales of wheat and corn to the USSR for delivery during the
fourth year of the agreement totaled 8,182,500 tonnes --
4,080,500 tonnes of wheat and 4,102,300 tonnes of corn. In
addition, sales of soybeans totaled 68,200 tonnes, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20911>
A proposal to require imported
tropical oils to be labeled as saturated fats suffered a narrow
and possibly debilitating defeat in the U.S. Senate.
    The Senate Agriculture Committee rejected the proposal by a
10-8 vote, virtually snuffing out U.S. soybean producers' hopes
the plan would be adopted this year.
    A similar proposal has made no headway in the House.
    Sen. Tom Harkin (D-Iowa) offered the proposal as an
amendment to a farm spending reduction package.
    "I don't see this as a trade issue. I see it as giving
American consumers the information they need," he said.
    Proponents of the measure, including the American Soybean
Association, have claimed palm, palm kernel and coconut oils
are high in saturated fat and can contribute to heart disease.
    The U.S. soybean industry believes labels indicating
tropical oils are high in saturated fats would discourage
consumption of the oils, imported primarily from Malaysia,
Indonesia and the Philippines.
    But Sen. Richard Lugar (R-Ind.) read a letter from U.S.
Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter, who said the proposal
"blatantly discriminates" against imports, would be impossible to
defend under international trade law and would harm relations
with the Philippines, Malaysia and Indonesia.
    Yeutter's letter also said Americans derive most of their
saturated fats from meat and dairy products and relatively
little from tropical oils.
    The committee voted largely along party lines, with three
Democrats joining seven Republicans to oppose the measure.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21080>
The U.S. is drafting options including
possible trade retaliation against Argentina in a dispute over
the differential between soybean and product  taxes which
Buenos Aires levies on exports.
    The drafting of retaliation options follows the failure
of high-level talks earlier this month to resolve a case filed
by the U.S. National Soybean Processors Association, U.S.
officials said. The NSPA charged that Argentina's differential
export taxes implicitly subsidize soyproduct exports in
competition with the U.S.
    "Our only option is some sort of retaliation to restrict
(Argentine) access to our market," said one U.S. source.
   
    The U.S. shelved the NSPA case earlier this year after
Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter said Argentina agreed to
end the differential.
    But when Argentina announced export taxes for the 1987/88
year in July, the differential was narrowed only one pct.
    Deputy trade representative Michael Smith met Agriculture
minister Ernesto Figuerras and Economy minister Juan Sourroille
on September 29 and the Argentine officials said they could not
narrow the differential further for 1987/88.
    As a result of the impasse, the U.S. is considering
restrictions on imports of items such as Argentine corned beef
and finished leather, the U.S. sources said.
    A decision on reprisals is likely to be made by the Reagan
administration soon, they said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
