<BODY DOCID=15420>
Johnson Matthey today issued the
following Platinum group base prices (unfabricated), all U.S.
Dlrs per troy ounce.
 Previous prices in parentheses.
 PLATINUM  -   562   (567)
 PALLADIUM -   130   (130)
 IRIDIUM   -   400   (400)
 RHODIUM     1,230 (1,230)
 RUTHENIUM -    80    (80)
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15838>
The House Armed Services Committee
has voted for a transfer in the management of stockpiled
materials for national defense to the U.S. Defense Secretary.
    The committee also voted for legally-binding quantity and
quality requirements on the materials, mostly metals.
    The measures are a part of the Defense Authorization Bill
which will be voted on in the House next month.
    The purpose of the measures, passed by the committee
yesterday, is to improve stockpile management and discourage
sell-offs of materials that could jeopardize strategic needs, a
staff member of the committee told Reuters.
    "They (the stockpiles) stand to gain the most by being
managed properly," said the staffer. "Management of the stockpile
over the last 10 years has been atrocious."
    Responsibility for stockpile management now belongs to a
White House agency, the Federal Emergency Management Agency.
    The staffer said under the measures passed by the committee
the Secretary of Defense would have more influence over
decisions to keep or sell strategic stockpile materials.
    The administration has proposed a goal of 700 million dlrs
worth of strategic materials to be held in the stockpile. The
stockpile now contains around 10 billion dlrs of materials.
    He said several agencies currently helped FEMA to manage
the stockpile and decide how much to sell to help the deficit.
    These agencies included the Office of Management and Budget
and the Departments of Interior and Commerce, he said.
    The committee believed the shared involvement in stockpile
management was counter-productive, he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15872>
The House Armed Services Committee
has voted for a transfer in the management of stockpiled
materials for national defense to the U.S. Defense Secretary.
    The committee also voted for legally-binding quantity and
quality requirements on the materials, mostly metals.
    The measures are a part of the Defense Authorization Bill
which will be voted on in the House next month.
    The purpose of the measures, passed by the committee
yesterday, is to improve stockpile management and discourage
sell-offs of materials that could jeopardize strategic needs, a
staff member of the committee told Reuters.
    "They (the stockpiles) stand to gain the most by being
managed properly," said the staffer. "Management of the stockpile
over the last 10 years has been atrocious."
    Responsibility for stockpile management now belongs to a
White House agency, the Federal Emergency Management Agency.
    The staffer said that under the measures passed by the
committee the Secretary of Defense would have more influence
over decisions to keep or sell strategic stockpile materials.
    The administration has proposed a goal of 700 million dlrs
worth of strategic materials to be held in the stockpile. The
stockpile now contains around 10 billion dlrs of materials.
    He said several agencies currently helped FEMA to manage
the stockpile and decide how much to sell to help the deficit.
    These agencies included the Office of Management and Budget
and the Departments of Interior and Commerce, he said.
    The committee believed the shared involvement in stockpile
management was counter-productive, he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17480>
Three United Steelworkers
of America locals on strike at Cominco Ltd rejected a tentative
three-year contract, a union representative said.
    "The vote was 1,229, or 54.5 pct, against, and 1,028, or
45.5 pct, for the contract. Eighty-one pct of the membership
voted," he said.
    The union representative said that the pact offered cost of
living increases designed to keep pace with inflation, but
contained no wage increase.
    The locals' bargaining committees are expected to meet and
prepare for the reopening of negotiations with Cominco, he
said.
    The three locals cover about 2,600 production and
maintenance workers at Cominco's Trail smelter and Kimberley,
B.C. lead-zinc mine.
    Output at both sites has been shut down since the
production and maintenance workers, along with about 600 office
and technical workers, went on strike May 9.
    The two Steelworkers locals representing the office and
technical workers have not negotiated since May 21.
    The strike caused Cominco to declare force majeure, which
means the company may not be able to honor contracts for
products from the smelter and mine.
    Each of the five locals have separate contracts, all of
which expired April 30, but the main issues are similar.
    The union had requested a three pct wage increase in each
year of a two-year contract. Cominco had pressed for a
three-year contract and some loosening of the rules on job
classifications.
    The Trail smelter, about 400 miles east of Vancouver,
produced 240,000 long tons of zinc and 110,000 long tons of
lead last year. The Sullivan mine at Kimberley, about 450 miles
east of Vancouver, produced 2.2 mln long tons of ore last year,
most for processing at the Trail smelter.
    The smelter also produced cadmium, bismuth and indium.
    Revenues from the Trail smelter totalled 356 mln Canadian
dlrs in 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17486>
Three United
Steelworkers of America locals on strike at Cominco Ltd
rejected a tentative three-year contract, a union
representative said.
     "The vote was 1,229, or 54.5 pct, against, and 1,028, or
45.5 pct, for the contract. Eighty-one pct of the membership
voted," he said.
     The union representative said that the pact offered cost
of living increases designed to keep pace with inflation, but
contained no wage increase.       
    The locals' bargaining committees are expected to meet and
prepare for the reopening of negotiations with Cominco, he
said.
     The three locals cover about 2,600 production and
maintenance workers at Cominco's Trail smelter and Kimberley,
B.C. lead-zinc mine.
     Output at both sites has been shut down since the
production and maintenance workers, along with about 600 office
and technical workers, went on strike May nine.     
     The two Steelworkers locals representing the office and
technical workers have not negotiated since May 21.
     The strike caused Cominco to declare force majeire, which
means the company may not be able to honor contracts for
products from the smelter and mine.
    Each of the five locals have separate contracts, all of
which expired April 30, but the main issues are similar.       

     The union had requested a three pct wage increase in each
year of a two-year contract. Cominco had pressed for a
three-year contract and some loosening of the rules on job
classifications.
     The Trail smelter, about 400 miles east of Vancouver,
produced 240,000 long tons of zinc and 110,000 long tons of
lead last year. The Sullivan mine at Kimberley, about 450 miles
east of Vancouver, produced 2.2 mln long tons of ore last year,
most for processing at the Trail smelter.
     The smelter also produced cadmium, bismuth and indium.
     Revenues from the Trail smelter totalled 356 mln Canadian
dlrs in 1986.        
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17783>
Cominco Ltd said it
expects to meet today with two of five United Steelworkers of
America locals on strike at its Trail smelter and Kimberley,
B.C. lead-zinc mine, a Cominco spokesman said.
    It had no meeting scheduled with the other three striking
locals, which rejected a tentative three-year contract
Saturday, Cominco spokesman Richard Fish said.
    Fish said the pact that was rejected contained a cost of
living increase tied to the Canadian consumer price index, but
no wage increase. With 81 pct of the membership voting, 54.5
pct voted no and 45.5 pct voted yes, the union said.
    The three locals represent about 2,600 production and
maintenance workers, while the remaining two locals cover about
600 office and technical workers.
    The office and technical workers last negotiated May 21.
Production at Trail and Kimberley has been shut down since the
strike began May 9 and Cominco has had to declare force
majeure, which means the company may be unable to honor
contracts for products from the smelter and mine.
    Each of the five locals have separate contracts, all of
which expired April 30, but the main issues are similar.
    The Trail smelter, about 400 miles east of Vancouver,
produced 240,000 long tons of zinc and 110,000 long tons of
lead last year. The Sullivan mine at Kimberley, about 450 miles
east of Vancouver, produced 2.2 mln long tons of ore last year,
most for processing at the Trail smelter.
    The smelter also produced cadmium, bismuth and indium.
    Trail smelter revenue was 356 mln Canadian dlrs in 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17805>
Cominco Ltd said it
expects to meet today with two of five United Steelworkers of
America locals on strike at its Trail smelter and Kimberley,
B.C. lead-zinc mine, a Cominco spokesman said.
    It had no meeting scheduled with the other three striking
locals, which rejected a tentative three-year contract
Saturday, Cominco spokesman Richard Fish said.
    Fish said the pact that was rejected contained a cost of
living increase tied to the Canadian consumer price index, but
no wage increase. With 81 pct of the membership voting, 54.5
pct voted no and 45.5 pct voted yes, the union said.
    The three locals represent about 2,600 production and
maintenance workers, while the remaining two locals cover about
600 office and technical workers.
    The office and technical workers last negotiated May 21.
Production at Trail and Kimberley has been shut down since the
strike began May 9 and Cominco has had to declare force
majeure, which means the company may be unable to honor
contracts for products from the smelter and mine.
    Each of the five locals have separate contracts, all of
which expired April 30, but the main issues are similar.
    The Trail smelter, about 400 miles east of Vancouver,
produced 240,000 long tons of zinc and 110,000 long tons of
lead last year. The Sullivan mine at Kimberley, about 450 miles
east of Vancouver, produced 2.2 mln long tons of ore last year,
most for processing at the Trail smelter.
    The smelter also produced cadmium, bismuth and indium.
    Trail smelter revenue was 356 mln Canadian dlrs in 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18348>
Very strong demand from all markets
including, recently, Japan has resulted in Peru's bismuth
exports showing an impressive increase in January/May 1987,
Peru's state owned mining industry's marketing arm Minpeco S.A.
Said.
    In a statement released by its London office, Minpeco said
Peruvian customs figures for bismuth exports for the first five
months were 574.8 tonnes compared with 160.7 tonnes in the same
period of 1986 and 483.4 tonnes during the whole of 1986,
Minpeco said.
    A breakdown of the figures showed Peru exported 296.4
tonnes of bismuth to the U.S. During Jan/May 1987 compared with
127.0 during the whole of 1986. Other recipients were Peoples
Republic of China 110.4 (100.0), Holland 100.2 (150.0), USSR
50.0 (50.0) and other areas 17.8 tonnes (56.4).
    Sales to the U.K., West Germany, France and other Western
and Eastern European countries are hidden under the heading
Holland as Minpeco sells to customers in these countries from
stocks the company normally holds in Rotterdam, the statement
said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18466>
China is moving to stabilise world prices
of tungsten after fluctuating prices this year affected the
country's export earnings, the China Daily said.
    The paper quoted industry officials as saying they would
fix export prices on the basis of the world market, stop
smuggling and encourage producers to reduce exports.
    Current world prices range from 49 to 55 dlrs per tonne
unit, but China suffered heavy losses when the price slumped to
39 dlrs earlier this year, it said.
    Some 45 pct of world tungsten exports come from China, but
the country imports high-grade tungsten products.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18872>
Pinnacle West Capital Corp said
its Malapai Resources Co units bought the mineral rights for
uranium mining on about 21,000 acres in northern Wyoming from
Westinghouns Electric Corp &lt;WX>.
    The property is adjacent to a 34,000-acre site the company
already owns. Both facilities are at expected to be in full
operation in the early 1990s, with annual production of one to
two mln lbs of uranium concentrates, the company said.
    The new site is expected to produce about 250,000 lbs of
uranium in its first full year of production in 1988. The
adjacent property is expected to begin in 1989.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18944>
TRW Inc's TRW Componenets
International Inc unit said it set a pact with Tektronix Inc's
TriQuint Semiconductor unit to jointly supply gallium arsenide
devices for space applications.
    As part of the agreement, the two companyies are working
together to establish procedures to produce class "S" (a
stringent military specification for space use) gallium
arsenide components.
    TriQuint makes gallilum arsenide integrated circuits.
 Reuter
</BODY>
