<BODY DOCID=14832>
Thailand's trade deficit widened to 4.5
billion baht in the first quarter of 1987 from 2.1 billion a
year ago, the Business Economics Department said.
    It said Janunary/March imports rose to 65.1 billion baht
from 58.7 billion. Thailand's improved business climate this
year resulted in a 27 pct increase in imports of raw materials
and semi-finished products.
    The country's oil import bill, however, fell 23 pct in the
first quarter due to lower oil prices.
    The department said first quarter exports expanded to 60.6
billion baht from 56.6 billion.
    Export growth was smaller than expected due to lower
earnings from many key commodities including rice whose
earnings declined 18 pct, maize 66 pct, sugar 45 pct, tin 26
pct and canned pineapples seven pct.
    Products registering high export growth were jewellery up
64 pct, clothing 57 pct and rubber 35 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14885>
The outcome of today's European Community
(EC) white sugar tender is extremely difficult to predict after
last week's substantial award of 102,350 tonnes at the highest
ever rebate of 46.864 European currency units (Ecus) per 100
kilos, traders said.
    Some said they believed the tonnage would probably be
smaller, at around 60,000 tonnes, but declined to give a view
on the likely restitution. Last week, the European Commission
accepted 785,000 tonnes of sugar into intervention by operators
protesting about low rebates. This might be a determining
factor in today's result, they added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14886>
North Yemen has called a buying tender
for Saturday for the purchase of 30,000 tonnes of white sugar
for arrival in June, traders said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14922>
Good rains of one to four inches in the
past 10 days have boosted moisture-stressed sugar cane crops in
the Mackay-Burdekin region of Queensland's central coast, an
Australian Sugar Producers' Association spokesman said.
    As previously reported, the region has been undergoing a
severe dry spell, partly relieved by scattered rainfall, since
December, following the virtual failure of the summer wet
season.
    Mills in the area have been reporting that their crops are
beginning to look healthy and greener and are putting on growth
since the rains began, the spokesman said from Brisbane.
    Although the Mackay-Burdekin crop outlook is much better
than it was, there will be some cane losses, the spokesman
said. But is too early to say what they will be and more rain
is needed to restore sub-soil moisture.
    Elsewhere, in far north Queensland, the Bundaberg region
and southern Queensland, the cane is in excellent condition and
some mills are forecasting record crops, he said.
    Initial 1987 crop estimates will probably be compiled
towards the end of May, he said.
    The cane crush normally runs from June to December.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14923>
The European Community (EC) is expected to
award export licences at today's weekly tender for above 60,000
and possibly up to 100,000 tonnes of white sugar after last
week's award for 102,350 tonnes, traders here said.
    They expected a maximum rebate of between 46.40 and 46.50
Ecus per 100 kilos, compared to last week's 46.864.
    Earlier, traders in London said the outcome of the tender
was very hard to predict after last week's substantial award
and the placing of 785,000 tonnes of sugar into intervention.
They said they believed the tonnage would be around 60,000 but
declined to give a rebate figure.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14988>
A total 118,350 tonnes of current series
white sugar received export rebates of a maximum 46.496
European Currency Units (Ecus) per 100 kilos at today's
European Community (EC) tender, the U.K. Intervention Board
said.
    Out of this, traders in the U.K. Received 37,800 tonnes, in
France 34,500, in West Germany 20,000, in Belgium 18,500, in
Spain 5,800 and in Denmark 1,750 tonnes, it added.
    Earlier today, London traders had declined to give a
projected view on the level of subsidy although some said total
tonnage awards would be around 60,000 tonnes.
    Paris traders foresaw between 60,000 and 100,000 tonnes
being authorised for export at a 46.40/46.50 Ecu subsidy.
    Cumulative sales authorisations for the current season
(1986/87) now stand at 2,194,970 tonnes (43 weeks).
    Last week saw 102,350 tonnes whites authorised for export
under licences to end-Sep at the higest ever rebate of 46.864
European Currency Units (Ecus) per 100 kilos.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15013>
Roughly half of this year's expected
130,000 hectare Dutch sugar beet crop is already in the ground,
a spokesman for Suiker Unie, the largest sugar processor in the
Netherlands, told Reuters.
    Conditions are generally good and the average sowing date
for the crop is expected to be around April 11, against April
23 last year, and a 10-year average of April 14, the spokesman
added.
    "It is far too early yet to say what kind of output we can
expect when it comes to harvest in September, but at least the
crop is off to a very good start," he said.
    Last year, the Netherlands planted a record 137,600
hectares of sugar beet and produced a record 1.2 mln tonnes of
white sugar, substantially more than the country's combined "A"
and "B" quota of 872,000 tonnes.
    This year, however, a self-imposed quota system has been
introduced with the aim of cutting plantings to 130,000
hectares and reducing white sugar output to around 915,000
tonnes to minimise the amount of non-quota "C" sugar produced.
    Only farmers with a record of growing suger beet have been
allotted quotas. This is expected to prevent the area being
boosted by dairy or cereal farmers moving into sugar.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15017>
The EC Commission confirmed it granted
export licences for 118,350 tonnes of current series white
sugar at a maximum export rebate of 46.496 European Currency
Units (ECUs) per 100 kilos.
    Out of this, traders in France received 34,500 tonnes, in
the U.K. 37,800, in West-Germany 20,000, in Belgium 18,500, in
Spain 5,800 and in Denmark 1,750 tonnes.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15394>
The maximum export rebate granted at
yesterday's EC sugar tender marked no change in policy over
producer complaints that they are not obtaining the EC
intervention price in exporting sugar outside the Community, EC
Commission sources said.
    The maximum rebate was 46.496 Ecus per 100 kilos for
118,350 tonnes of sugar, down from 46.864 Ecus the previous
week, but the change is explained by world market conditions.
    Producers claim the rebate was short of the level needed to
obtain a price equivalent to the intervention price by over one
Ecu per 100 kilos, and was 0.87 Ecu short the previous week,
the sources said.
    They said this was despite the fact that the Commission had
to accept 785,000 tonnes of sugar into intervention from
operators protesting that rebates are too low.
    Operators have now until early May to withdraw this sugar.
But they have not given any sign of planned withdrawals unless
the Commission reviews its export policy, they said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15415>
London-based trader Cargill (U.K.) Ltd
confirmed it sold one cargo of white sugar to India for
shipment April 15/May 15 at yesterday's tender.
    Price details were not immediately available but some
traders suggested business had been done around 220 dlrs a
tonne cif.
    India tendered for one or two cargoes of white sugar. There
was no specific requirement on shipping period.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15446>
Thailand is to negotiate tomorrow with
selected trade houses for renewal of long term raw sugar sales
contracts, to cover the next five years at a rate of 60,000
tonnes annually, traders said.
    They also reported vague talk Algeria may be seeking 50,000
tonnes of raws tomorrow but details are unclear.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15462>
Unseasonal cold weather has delayed
sugar beet plantings in West Germany by up to three weeks, the
agriculture ministry said.
    A ministry spokesman said in some central areas, especially
in the Rhineland, farmers have taken advantage of warmer
weather and started plantings in the past two days.
    West German planting intentions this year are put at
381,000 hectares, down from 390,500 ha last year, he said,
adding that the 1980/1985 average was 405,000 ha.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15696>
No raw sugar is being unloaded at Tate
and Lyles refinery at Silvertown on the River Thames following
a fire yesterday afternoon, Tate and Lyle Plc said.
    The fire destroyed a large sector of the main conveyor from
the raw sugar jetty to the weighhouse.
    The company said it is not yet known how long the jetty
will be out of use but it hoped that by tomorrow unloading of
the bulk carrier Mykon Wave will be able to continue using
temporary arrangements, Tate and Lyle said.
    The Mykon Wave arrived in the port recently with about
18,300 tonnes of bulk sugar from Maputo in Swaziland. About
1,600 tonnes remain to be discharged.
    Five other ships loaded with raw sugar are awaiting at
Silvertown to be discharged, Tate and Lyle added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15727>
TBN 14,00 mt bulk sugar
Fiji/Prai 16 dlrs fio 10,000/1,000 1-10/5 Fiji Sugar Marketing.
    TBN 15,000 mt bulk sugar Queensland/Japan 14.65 dlrs fio
10,000/1,000 20-30/4 CSR.
    ENQUIRIES - Antwerp/1-3 ports Greece 40,000 mt bagged sugar
indications 750/750 in shipments of 10,000/15,000 tonnes spread
from May to July a/c unnamed charterer.
    Inchon/India 12,600 mt bagged sugar 1,000/1,000 20/4-5/5
a/c Kaines.
    Reunion/1-2 ports Portugal 10,000 mt bulk sugar about 20
dlrs 2,000/750 1-10/5 a/c French charterer.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15804>
Rep. John Porter, R-Ill., introduced
in the House of Representatives legislation proposed by the
Reagan administration to slash the U.S. sugar price support, a
spokesman for Porter said.
    The spokesman said the bill was introduced without any
changes from the administration's proposal sent to Congress
last month.
    That plan calls for a cut in the sugar loan rate to 12
cents per pound from 18 cents now. Sugar growers would be
compensated for the price cut with targeted direct payments,
to be gradually phased-out through 1990. The payments to
growers would cost an estimated 1.1 billion dlrs.
    Representatives of sugar growers have rejected the
proposal, saying it would ruin the domestic sugar industry.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16093>
A sugar mill which was this
nation's second largest employer closed its doors yesterday,
saying it had been run out of business by sugar smuggled from
Miami and the neighbouring Dominican Republic.
    The closure of the Haitian American Sugar Company (HASCO)
will idle 3,500 employees and affect as many as 30,000 to
40,000 small sugar cane planters in regions around the capital,
the company said.
    "Because of unprecedented and ever-growing smuggling, HASCO
regrets ... It cannot continue to accept delivery of sugar cane
after April 10," the mill warned planters earlier this week.
    Since President Jean-Claude Duvalier fled Haiti fourteen
months ago, widescale smuggling of basic goods such as cooking
oil, flour, rice, sugar and canned milk has lowered consumer
prices but bankrupted several local manufacturers, throwing
hundreds of thousands of Haitians out of work.
    At the HASCO compound, where grim-faced workers lined up to
receive their last pay, Spokesman Georges D. Rigaud showed a
warehouse stocked with an estimated 445,000 unsold 100-pound
(45-kg) bags of sugar.
    "We are closing because of our huge stock of unsold sugar.
We have no money left to continue operations," Rigaud said.
    He said the company owed 7.6 mln dlrs and had borrowed an
additional 1.5 mln dlrs in order to pay off workers.
    Rigaud blamed the mill's problems on an order by Duvalier
two years ago forbidding HASCO from refining sugar.
    He said the government then began importing refined sugar
at world market prices and reselling it at a huge profit and
the provisional military-civilian government that replaced
Duvalier last year continued the policy.
    "But now with all the smuggling even the state can't compete
with smuggled Dominican refined sugar," Rigaud said.
    HASCO workers earned 4.20 dlrs daily, considerably above
the usual minimum wage of three dlrs.
    It is generally estimated that every employed Haitian
supports at least six people. Rigaud said HASCO's closing at a
minimum would affect 280,000 to 300,000 people.
    Laid-off workers were bitter about the closure. "We're dead,
and it's the government that's causing us to die," declared
Lucien Felix, 34, who has five dependents.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16185>
North Yemen at its weekend tender bought
white sugar from a French operator acting on behalf of a Swiss
house at 214.70 dlrs a tonne c and f, traders said.
    The amount bought was not immediately available, although
the country had sought 30,000 tonnes of June arrival whites,
they said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16327>
Pakistan is reported to have bought
100,000 tonnes of white sugar at its weekend tender from a
North Korean operator, traders said.
    The purchase, believed priced around 210 dlrs a tonne cost
and freight for fine/medium grain, was due to be shipped for
arrival in May (30,000 tonnes), in June (45,000) and in July
(25,000 tonnes), they said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16749>
About 2,000 sugar cane planters
marched to Port-au-Prince to protest against the closure of
Haiti's largest sugar mill and second biggest employer.
    The Haitian American Sugar Company closed on Friday because
of a huge surplus of unsold sugar. The firm said Haiti has been
flooded with smuggled refined and unrefined sugar from the
Dominican Republic and refined U.S. Sugar from Miami.
    The closure idled 3,500 factory workers and left 30,000
small cane planters with no outlet for their cane. The
protesters blamed Finance Minister Lesly Delatour for the
closure, saying his policies have hurt Haitian businesses.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17443>
The south China province of Guangdong is
importing millions of tonnes of grain a year from overseas and
other parts of China because farmers have switched from grain
to more profitable crops, the Peking Review magazine said.
    The official magazine said the province's grain area fell
to 4.33 mln hectares in 1985 from 5.7 mln in 1978 out of a
total farmland area of 7.4 mln hectares.
    Farmers have switched to cash crops such as sugarcane,
bananas, oranges, papaya and freshwater fish-farming, in part
to supply major consumer markets in Hong Kong and Macao, the
magazine said. It gave no 1986 area figures.
    The magazine said China aims to keep 80 pct of national
farmland under grain, 10 pct under cash crops and 10 pct under
other crops, although the ratio will vary from place to place.
    It said primitive cultivation methods, labour-intensity and
low productivity make grain the least profitable farm
commodity. Farmers in one central region of China can from 0.1
hectare earn 2,250 yuan a year from vegetables, 375-450 yuan
from cotton or 225 yuan from grain, it added.
    It said consumer prices for foodgrain can be adjusted only
gradually as part of a reform of the entire pricing system.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17509>
The Zambian government today announced
minor price cuts for essential commodities as part of its new
economic strategy, while police and troops patrolled the
northern Copperbelt to prevent any outbreaks of rioting.
    However, staple foods, such as bread, sugar and maize meal,
were not affected by the cuts and many people said this could
provoke trouble from disgruntled elements who had expected more
sweeping reductions.
    Observers in the capital expressed disillusionment with the
small extent of the price cuts, which ranged up to 10 pct on
items such as blankets, soap, detergents and baby food.
    Residents in the Copperbelt contacted by telephone said
government forces had set up roadblocks around the main towns.
    In Lusaka, business went on as usual and there was no sign
of troops or police reinforcements on the streets.
    President Kaunda had ordered the price reductions to take
account of lower import costs following the revaluation of the
kwacha to a fixed rate of eight per dlr from 21 on May 1.
    The revaluation formed part of a new go-it-alone economic
strategy which Kaunda adopted to replace Zambia's IMF austerity
program.
    Labour leaders in the Copperbelt said last week gangs of
unemployed youths were being formed in the politically volatile
region to take action against shops that did not reduce their
prices after today's deadline. Fifteen people were killed in
the Copperbelt during food riots last December after the
government tried to lift maize subsidies.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17923>
China will not increase sugar imports
substantially this year because of foreign exchange constraints
and large stocks, despite falling production and rising
domestic demand, traders and the official press said.
    "Despite rapid increases in domestic production over the
last 30 years, imbalances between supply and demand continue to
be extremely serious," the Farmers Daily said. It said 1986
plantings fell due to removal of crop incentives, because
farmers could earn more from other crops and because technical
and seed improvements had not been widely disseminated.
    The official press had estimated the 1986/87 sugar crop
(November/March) at 4.82 mln tonnes, down from 5.2 mln a year
earlier, and domestic consumption at six mln tonnes a year.
    The Yunnan 1986/87 sugar harvest was a record 521,500
tonnes, the provincial daily said. It gave no year-earlier
figure. Output in Guangxi was 1.04 mln tonnes, the New China
News Agency said without giving a year-earlier figure.
    The Nanfang Daily said production in Guangdong province
fell to estimated 1.92 mln tonnes from 1.96 mln and that the
area under sugar was dropping.
    "Supply of cane (in Guangdong) is inadequate," the newspaper
said. Processing costs are rising and the economic situation of
nearly all the mills is not good. To guarantee supply of cane
is a major problem."
    A Western diplomat said sugar output also fell n Fujian,
south China's fourth major producer, where there was a drop in
area planted.
    He said the rural sectors in Guangdong and Fujian were wel
developed, enabling farmers to choose crops according to the
maximum return, meaning that many had avoided sugar.
    The Farmers Daily said a peasant in the ortheast province
of Heilongjiang could gross 108 yuan from one mu (0.0667
hectares) of soybeans and 112 yuan from one mu of corn but only
70 from one mu of sugarbeet.
    The paper said the profit margin of mills in China fell to
4.7 pct last year from 11.87 pct in 1980.
    Mills lacked the capital to modernise and they competed
with each other for raw materialsX, it added. This resulted in
falling utilisation rates at big, mode{nised mills.
    The price of sugar had not changed in 20 years, the
official press has said.
    Customs figures showed China imported 1.18 mln tonnes of
sugar in calendar 1986, down from 1.9 mln in 1985.
    The diplomat said stocks at end-August 1986 were 2.37 mln
tonnes, up from 1.92 a year earlier.
    A foreign trader here said China accumulated large stocks
in 1982-85 when provincial authorities were allowed to import
sugar on their own authority. This practice was stopped in 1986
when the central government resumed control of imports.
    "As China lacked storage, much of these imports was stored
in Qinghai, Inner Mongolia and other inland areas," the diplomat
said.
    The trader said transporting stocks from these areas to
consumers in east and south China was a problem, particularly
as coal had priority. "How quickly they can move the sugar is
one factor determining import levels," he said.
    Another factor was the quality of the harvest in Cuba,
China's major supplier through barter trade, he said.
    "China bought two distress cargoes last week, for about
152/153 dlrs a tonne," he added. "China is not a desperate buyer
now. But if the Cuban harvest is bad, it will have to go into
the open market."
    A Japanese trader said Peking's major concern regarding
imports was price.
    "While the foreign trade situation has improved this year,
foreign exchange restraints persist," he said.
    The diplomat said domestic demand was rising by about five
pct a year but "a communist government is in a much better
position to regulate demand than a capitalist one, if the
foreign exchange situation demands it."
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18128>
The Far Eastern sugar market is being hit
by a tightening in available nearby freight space needed to
move raw sugar to various destinations, notably from Thailand,
traders said.
    This has resulted in a hardening of freight rates in those
areas. These are now being quoted between 12.5 and 17.5 dlrs a
tonne per day, depending on shipment and destination, against
recent fixings below 12 dlrs a tonne.
    Charterers are considering combining contracted shipments
because of inadequate space, shipping sources said, noting 13
raws cargoes are awaiting shipment from various ports.
    A cargo of Thai raw sugar was reported traded at basis July
New York futures less 25 points for June/July 15 shipment,
traders said. But others said this was old business.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18531>
Fiji sugar farmers will receive an interim
payment on the 1986 crop, four months ahead of schedule, in a
move aimed at getting harvesting of the drought-hit 1987 crop
under way, Governor-general Ratu Sir Penaia Ganilau said.
    Industry sources said latest forecasts for the 1987 crop
indicated output of 360,000 tonnes, well down on the record
501,800 tonne tel quel production in the 1986 (May-December)
crop year.
    The previous record was set in 1982 when Fiji produced
486,790 tonnes.
    For the past month Fiji sugar farmers have delayed
harvesting the 1987 crop pending a response from the
Governor-general to demands following the May 14 coup.
    Ganilau said in a statement the Fiji Sugar Corp would make
a payment of five dlrs per tonne against the final payment for
the 1986 crop on the understanding that preparations by growers
for commencement of harvesting would be completed at all mills
by June 23.
    Crushing would commence at Labasa and Penang mills on June
23 and at Lautoka and Rarawai mills on June 30, he said.
    The interim payment, to be made on or about June 30, is the
full amount of the grower's share of 1986 sugar proceeds
received to-date. The balance will be paid in October.
    Growers had also called for the full 1987 forecast price of
23.50 dlrs per tonne of cane to be paid in cash on delivery to
the mill, but this has been rejected by the state controlled
Fiji Sugar Corp, Ganilau said.
    However, in addition to the scheduled delivery payment of
14.10 dlrs, an additional sum of 2.35 dlrs, or 10 pct of the
forecast price, would be paid on December 15, on all cane
harvested by November 30, he said.
    Ganilau said, "This will be at least one month in advance of
the expected date of payment of the second payment of cane. The
balance of the second payment will be made six weeks after the
end of crushing."
    Another demand of Fiji's 22,000 small farmers was that an
estimated 14 mln dlr loan from the Fiji Development Bank (FDB)
for the 1983 cane crop rehabilitation programme be written off.
The FDB rejected this request.
    Ganilau said, however, "The bank is prepared to carefully
consider requests for rescheduling loan repayments in cases of
hardship on a case-by-case basis."
    In response to a further demand that all soldiers be
removed from the cane growing areas, Ganilau said the army
would restrict its presence in the cane areas.
    He said he had directed the authorities to issue permits to
harvesting gangs, cane growers and sugar industry trade unions
to hold the necessary meetings in preparation for the
commencement of harvest.
    Senior representatives of the sugar cane growers had
indicated a desire to commence the crush as soon as possible,
he added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18557>
Four cargoes of raw sugar were sold to
China yesterday via the London trade to supplement the
country's current nearby buying programme, traders said.
    The sugar was reported sold at around 160 dlrs a tonne c
and f for July/August shipment or arrival in September, they
said.
    Some traders said recent Chinese purchases could total as
much as 300,000 tonnes, but others, while agreeing a heavy
volume had been taken, said an amount less than that figure was
involved.
    China was still believed to be in the market for more
sugar, traders said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18609>
Indonesia rejected World Bank
recommendations for sweeping reforms to its farm economy, as
the country's foreign aid donors met to consider giving it 2.5
billion dlrs in grants and soft loans.
    Agriculture Minister Achmad Affandi, in written remarks
distributed today as Indonesia's 14 foreign donor nations met
at The Hague, said, "The general argument presented by the Bank
for this free trade, open economy view is weak."
    The Bank called for overhauls in how Indonesia manages the
largest farm area in South-east Asia, and said agricultural
growth was stagnating under subsisides for rice farming.
    The Bank report said Indonesia's rice production had peaked
and the subsidies are a waste of money.
    Affandi replied that rice is the main staple and provides
an income for 17 pct of the workforce. The subsidies were
needed to support the fertilizer industry, including importers,
exporters, producers and distributors, he said, as well as
assisting in small part the majority of Indonesian farmers.
    Affandi agreed with a bank recommendation that farmers
should be free to choose their own crops, but he said the
government would continue to maintain production targets for
"strategic commodities" such as rice and sugar.
    The Bank report was especially critical of Indonesia's
drive to plant sugar, saying domestic sugar prices are double
the world average because of inefficiencies, and the country
would save money by importing the commodity.
    However, Affandi said volatile world sugar prices, the need
to save foreign exchange and an already up-and-running sugar
industry were good arguments for continuing the sugar drive.
    He also said import barriers and trade monopolies in the
agricultural sector were needed to help domestic industry
develop and because of "over-production and price intervention
in the developed nations."
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18642>
Indonesia rejected World Bank
recommendations for sweeping reforms to its farm economy, as
the country's foreign aid donors met to consider giving it 2.5
billion dlrs in grants and soft loans.
    Agriculture Minister Achmad Affandi, in written remarks
distributed today as Indonesia's 14 foreign donor nations met
at The Hague, said, "The general argument presented by the Bank
for this free trade, open economy view is weak."
    The Bank called for overhauls in how Indonesia manages the
largest farm area in South-east Asia, and said agricultural
growth was stagnating under subsidies for rice farming.
    The Bank report said Indonesia's rice production had peaked
and the subsidies are a waste of money.
    Affandi replied that rice is the main staple and provides
an income for 17 pct of the workforce. The subsidies were
needed to support the fertilizer industry, including importers,
exporters, producers and distributors, he said, as well as
assisting in small part the majority of Indonesian farmers.
    Affandi agreed with a bank recommendation that farmers
should be free to choose their own crops, but he said the
government would continue to maintain production targets for
"strategic commodities" such as rice and sugar.
    The Bank report was especially critical of Indonesia's
drive to plant sugar, saying domestic sugar prices are double
the world average because of inefficiencies, and the country
would save money by importing the commodity.
    However, Affandi said volatile world sugar prices, the need
to save foreign exchange and an already up-and-running sugar
industry were good arguments for continuing the sugar drive.
    He also said import barriers and trade monopolies in the
agricultural sector were needed to help domestic industry
develop and because of "over-production and price intervention
in the developed nations."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19262>
Cold and wet weather in northern,
western and central parts of Europe continued to slow beet
growth but plant density is reported to be good in most
countries, sugar statistician F.O. Licht said.
    Temperatures were too low for the season and the rain has
hampered field work and occasionally led to water-logged
fields.
    But in eastern and southeastern Europe, warmer weather has
boosted sugar beet growth.
    Weather in the Soviet Union also allowed good beet
development, Licht said.
    In Sweden beet growth has been delayed, although plant
population is reported to be regular and good. Cool and rainy
weather slowed beet growth in Denmark and crop prospects are
rated as slightly below normal.
    In the United Kingdom and Ireland, it was rather cool with
heavy rainfall in places which has delayed beet growth.
    In France, Belgium, the Netherlands, and West Germany, it
was mostly cool with frequent and often heavy rainfall which
continued to slow down beet growth and often made field work
impossible.
    In Austria, it was warm with some rainfall, which was
favourable for beet growth, Licht said.
    In Czechoslovakia and Poland, it was mostly warm, favouring
beet development. but some heavy rain may have caused damage.
    In the European beet growing regions of the Soviet Union,
it was warm with showers over most areas and weather was
generally good for the emergence and growth of beets.
    In south eastern Europe, warm weather with some rainfall
boosted beet development.
    Labour trouble threatens the beet crop in Spain. Disputes
between the factories and the trade unions are threatening to
delay the start of processing in the southern areas, where
beets are maturing very early this year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19373>
It has been a fairly hectic trading week
in raw sugar with China paying market levels for nearby
shipments, London trader, Woodhouse, Drake and Carey, said in
its weekly report.
    July shipment Thai raws traded to China early in the week
at fob levels equivalent to 20/25 points discount to July New
York futures, it said. Mid-week saw these same sales covered by
the trade at 10/15 points discount.
    Enquiries for July/Sep 15 raw sugars then filtered in and
here again, traded values rose quickly from 13 points premium
to New York July up to 18, Woodhouse said.
    In the Western Hemisphere, both Dominican Republic and
Mexican nearby raws were bid 15 points discount to July New
York and offered five points under, but in limited trading, it
said.
    All the action of the past week has been in the Far East
raws market whereas the whites market saw little fresh prospect
of nearby offtake, Whitehouse added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19668>
Danish crops are up to two weeks
behind normal growth levels due to the cold weather in May and
June, when mean temperatures were up to four centigrade below
average, the State Plant Cultivation Bureau said in a report.
    At the season's first crop test on June 26, the bureau
rated crops at an overall 94, the same as on June 20 last year.
The figure of 100 represents normal in a year of average growth
conditions with no crop damage.
    The test gave ratings expressed as a factor of 100, as
follows - winter wheat 96 (last year 91), winter rye 97 (98),
winter barley 92 (90), spring barley 94 (98), oats 96 (98),
fodder and sugar beets 87 (96), winter rapeseed 98 (94), spring
rapeseed 94 (98).
    Final harvest figures for 1986 were not yet available.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20462>
The United States is prepared to "pull out
all the stops" to defend its agricultural trade rights under the
General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT), U.S. Ambassador
to GATT Michael Samuels said.
    Those rights are now being challenged by the European
Community's (EC) agricultural support policies, he told a
conference sponsored by the American Soybean Association.
    He reiterated Washington's firm intention to retaliate if
the EC goes ahead and bans imports of hormone-fed beef without
the issue being investigated by a GATT special committee.
    The U.S. claims the EC directive, due to come into effect
on January 1, threatens to cut 100 mln dlrs worth of U.S. meat
shipments into the EC.
    The U.S. also will oppose all EC efforts to impair U.S.
trade via the EC oilseeds regime, which supports EC oilseed
prices over the current market level and which may be extended
to include a hotly disputed oils and fats tax, Samuels said.
    Reduction of trade-distorting world agricultural subsidies,
an aim of most key participants in GATT multilateral trade
negotiations, "is meaningless if import barriers continue to be
erected," Samuels said.
    Samuels called the U.S. plan to eliminate world farm
subsidies by the year 2000, proposed at GATT in July, "visionary"
and "very serious."  The EC and Japan have said it is
unrealistic.
    The EC Commission this month announced its draft proposal
on farm trade reform, expected to be tabled at GATT formally
next week.
    The EC scheme involves emergency measures to reduce
tensions in troubled surplus sectors of cereals and cereals
substitutes, dairy and sugar. It also calls for reduction of
farm subsidies.
    The U.S. Is not opposed to short-term measures, as long as
they are directly linked to long-term commitments to end major
trade distortions, Samuels said.
    Washington will review the EC proposal when it is formally
submitted and respond to it officially then.
    "We will consider its relation to the Punta del Este
declaration to correct trade problems and expand market access,"
the U.S. Ambassador said.
    The U.S. can say no to the EC proposal if the EC ignores
the U.S. plan when it tables its own proposal, he added.
    The key difference between the two approaches is that the
U.S. wants farm subsidies eliminated, while the EC is pushing
only for a reduction in farm suppports, Samuels said.
    If the EC farm budget were protected by a subsidy freeze,
there would be little incentive for the Community to work to
correct the international trade situation, he added.
    Samuels cited the animal hormones complaint, the EC
oilseeds regime and an EC regulation concerning meat imports to
third countries as three crucial barriers to trade which the
U.S. wants to see resolved under the auspices of GATT.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21321>
British Sugar Plc was forced to shut its
Ipswich sugar factory on Sunday afternoon due to an acute
shortage of beet supplies, a spokesman said, responding to a
Reuter inquiry
    Beet supplies have dried up at Ipswich due to a combination
of very wet weather, which has prevented most farmers in the
factory's catchment area from harvesting, and last week's
hurricane which blocked roads.
    The Ipswich factory will remain closed until roads are
cleared and supplies of beet build up again.
    This is the first time in many years that a factory has
been closed in mid-campaign, the spokesman added.
    Other factories are continuing to process beet normally,
but harvesting remains very difficult in most areas.
    Ipswich is one of 13 sugar factories operated by British
Sugar. It processes in excess of 500,000 tonnes of beet a year
out of an annual beet crop of around eight mln tonnes.
    Despite the closure of Ipswich and the severe harvesting
problems in other factory areas, British Sugar is maintaining
its estimate of sugar production this campaign at around 1.2
mln tonnes, white value, against 1.34 mln last year, the
spokesman said.
    British Sugar processes all sugar beet grown in the U.K.
    The sugar beet processing campaign, which began last month,
is expected to run until the end of January. Sugar factories
normally work 24 hours a day, seven days a week during the
campaign.
    As of October 11, 12 pct of the U.K. Sugar crop had been
harvested, little different to the same stage last year when 13
pct had been lifted. Since then, however, very wet weather has
severely restricted beet lifting.
    Harvesting figures for the week to October 18 are not yet
available.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21493>
Thai traders plan to establish a company
to regulate maize forward trading, in what could be a first
step towards a commodities futures exchange, maize dealers
said.
    Traders and Internal Trade Department officials agreed last
week to commission a study on a structure to regulate maize
forward trading and to set up a company, Thailand Commodity
Exchange Co Ltd, with 30 businesses as shareholders who will
act as brokers in the futures market.
    Chanthong Pattamapong, a commodities trader asked to to
draw up the study, said if the maize futures market succeeds it
may be extended to other commodities, perhaps sugar and rubber.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21536>
A sharp rise in Soviet sugar consumption
since the start of the Kremlin's anti-alcohol drive indicates
home brewing is costing the state 20 billion roubles in lost
vodka sales, Pravda said.
    The Communist Party newspaper said sugar sales had
increased by one mln tonnes a year, enough to be turned into
two billion bottles of moonshine.
    At current vodka prices of 10 roubles a bottle, it said,
this meant illicit alcohol consumption had reached the
equivalent of 20 billion roubles a year, or annual revenues
from vodka sales before the May 1985 anti-alchohol decree.
    "Official statistics show a reduction in consumption of
vodka, but this is a deceptive statistic -- it does not count
home-brew," Pravda said.
    "The epidemic first engulfed the villages and has now also
firmly settled into cities, where the availability of natural
gas, running water and privacy has made it much easier."
    Kremlin leader Mikhail Gorbachev launched the anti-alcohol
campaign shortly after taking office in March 1985 as a first
step to improving Soviet economic performance, which had been
seriously hurt by drunkenness among the working population.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21565>
New Zealand has imposed sanctions
against Fiji in response to that country's change of status to
a republic, acting prime minister Geoffrey Palmer said.
    The sanctions will end all military cooperation and cut
economic aid. New Zealand will also not renew an agreement
which supports the price of Fijian sugar when it expires in
March. The loss of aid and sugar supports will cost Fiji about
10 mln dlrs a year.
    Palmer told reporters after a cabinet meeting that the
government had asked High Commissioner Rod Gates to return from
Suva for discussions about other possible measures.
    "We won't be reacting further until these discussions with
the High Commissioner and the Prime Minister have been held,"
Palmer said.
    The sanctions were approved by the cabinet soon after
Colonel Sitivene Rabuka staged his second coup on September 25.
Implementation was postponed in the hope that Rabuka might turn
back from declaring a republic.
    Palmer said the cabinet was happy with the statement from
Commonwealth leaders in Vancouver that Fiji's membership of the
Commonwealth had lapsed. Prime Minister David Lange is in
Hawaii on his way home from Vancouver.
 REUTER
</BODY>
