<BODY DOCID=16225>
Pakistan's Corporate Law Authority,
CLA, has begun an enquiry into imports of tea from Kenya and
the trade imbalance between the two countries, CLA chairman
Irtiza Husain confirmed.
    He told Reuters by telephone that importers Liptons and
Brooke Bond had been asked to supply data to the authority and
a hearing would be held.
    The CLA would then report back to the Commerce Ministry,
which had requested the enquiry. Husain said no date had yet
been set for the hearing and declined to give further details
of the matter.
    Industry sources told Reuters reports that the companies'
tea import licences had been suspended were incorrect.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17494>
Thousands of tea workers of Indian origin
went on strike today to press demands for citizenship and
voting rights in Sri Lanka, a union statement said.
    The Ceylon Workers Congress (CWC) said its 400,000 members
launched a prayer campaign at temples and other places in a
non-violent protest to get the authorities to expedite
citizenship procedures.
    A CWC spokesman said a three-day campaign was suspended
after a Cabinet committee promised to speed up procedures under
a new set of regulations. Trade sources said the strike did not
affect production or today's Colombo auction.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19672>
The Reserve Bank of India, RBI,
announced new rules to allow exporters of 25 products to use
foreign exchange up to 10 pct of their firm's total annual
export earnings for export promotion abroad.
    The move is designed by the government to improve India's
trade deficit.
    Products eligible for the new Blanket Exchange Permit
Scheme include tea bags, cigarettes, coffee, leather, various
textiles, chemicals, pharmaceuticals, plastics, engineering and
electronic goods, ready-made garments, processed food, sports
goods, fabricated mica and consultancy services.
    The scheme replaces current rules which allow different
amounts of foreign exchange to be used only when firms attain a
minimum annual turnover prescribed for each product.
    RBI said under the new rule, 16 other products will
qualify, on a discretionary basis, for overseas promotional
spending of not more than two pct of the freight-on-board value
of annual export earnings.
    These include oil cakes, cereals, raw cotton, raw and
semi-processed leather, gems, castor and sandalwood oil,
psyllium husks and seeds, opium and various mineral ores.
    RBI said exporters of products not covered by either of the
two groups will be eligible to use up to five pct of their
freight-on-board value of their annual export earnings.
    Industry sources said the new entitlements, considerably
higher than the previous limits, are also more flexible because
holders of new permits no longer need to frequently apply to
RBI for release of foreign exchange for export purposes.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19982>
Pakistan announced a new tea import
policy, saying 70 pct of imports will in future be made through
the state Trading Corporation of Pakistan (TCP).
   Commerce Minister Mahbubul Haq said in a television
broadcast that no more than one-third of the remaining 30 pct
allocated to the private sector would be permitted to come from
any one country.
   The new policy was announced some three months after the
government suspended import licences and ordered an inquiry
into tea purchase policy.
   Traders said the move was designed to put pressure on Kenya,
which provided some 48 pct of Pakistan's 75-80 mln kilo annual
tea imports, to buy Pakistani manufactured goods in exchange.
    Liptons and Brooke Bond, two units of Britain's Unilever
Plc, control 95 pct of Pakistan's hard-pack tea market, traders
said.
   Haq, who is also Planning Minister, was outlining a new
three-year trade policy from the start of financial 1987/88 on
July 1.
 Reuter
</BODY>
