<BODY DOCID=14832>
Thailand's trade deficit widened to 4.5
billion baht in the first quarter of 1987 from 2.1 billion a
year ago, the Business Economics Department said.
    It said Janunary/March imports rose to 65.1 billion baht
from 58.7 billion. Thailand's improved business climate this
year resulted in a 27 pct increase in imports of raw materials
and semi-finished products.
    The country's oil import bill, however, fell 23 pct in the
first quarter due to lower oil prices.
    The department said first quarter exports expanded to 60.6
billion baht from 56.6 billion.
    Export growth was smaller than expected due to lower
earnings from many key commodities including rice whose
earnings declined 18 pct, maize 66 pct, sugar 45 pct, tin 26
pct and canned pineapples seven pct.
    Products registering high export growth were jewellery up
64 pct, clothing 57 pct and rubber 35 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14844>
Mines and Energy Minister Subroto
confirmed Indonesian support for an extension of the sixth
International Tin Agreement (ITA), but said a new pact was not
necessary.
    Asked by Reuters to clarify his statement on Monday in
which he said the pact should be allowed to lapse, Subroto said
Indonesia was ready to back extension of the ITA.
    "We can support extension of the sixth agreement," he said.
"But a seventh accord we believe to be unnecessary."
    The sixth ITA will expire at the end of June unless a
two-thirds majority of members vote for an extension.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14877>
European Community (EC) members of the
International Tin Council, except Britain, have said they are
prepared to back an extension of the International Tin
Agreement, an EC spokesman said.
    He said at a meeting of EC states' representatives here
yesterday, Britain undertook to communicate its own decision to
its partners today. It said it was not ready yesterday to take
a stand but did not say why.
    He added nine other EC states backed an extension. Spain
and Portugal, which are not members of the International Tin
Council, raised no objections to a common EC stance in favour.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15112>
The Association of White Metals has
decided to publish a daily tin price here in French francs per
100 kilos, the French Federation of Non-Ferrous Metals said.
    The price, quoted for the first time yesterday, was
introduced as the lack of tin quotes was causing problems for
some French companies, a spokesman for the non-ferrous metals
association said.
    Today's price was set at 4,776 francs per 100 kilos and
Tuesday's at 4,790.
    The International Chamber of Commerce stopped publishing a
tin price after the London Metal Exchange (LME) stopped tin
trading on October 24, 1985.
    The Association has tested the basis it uses to calculate a
French franc price over the last few months to ensure it was
reliable, the spokesman said.
    The French franc price is pre-tax, for specified quality, a
minimum 99.9 pct purity, at a French port or border railway
station and a minimum delivery of 10 tonnes.
    The French Federation of Non-Ferrous Metals groups various
metal associations including the Association of White Metals.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15219>
Discussions on the possible extension of
the sixth International Tin Agreement (ITA) began at the
quarterly session of the International Tin Council (ITC) but
the Council is still waiting for decisions from various member
states.
    A number of producer governments in particular have not
decided their final position on whether the ITA should be
extended for up to two years or wound down after it expires on
June 30, according to delegate sources.
    Earlier today European Community (EC) members decided to
back an extension, with the exception of Britain, which
undertook to communicate its decision to its EC partners later.
    Delegates said it could be Friday before all the member
countries declare their positions on the possible extension.
Today's full Council session started shortly before 1500 GMT
after the scheduled 1330 start was delayed by an EC
coordination meeting.
    The council reconvenes at 0930 GMT tomorrow, although
delegates said the morning is likely to be taken up with minor
technical matters and the main issue will probably not be
discussed before the afternoon session.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15624>
Spot tin on the European free market was
indicated in the easier range 4,200 to 4,230 stg per tonne, for
high grade metal in warehouse Rotterdam, down 20 stg from
yesterday's afternoon kerb close.
    Stability in sterling versus the dollar continued to apply
pressure to a market which is coming close to testing a
psychological chart support base at 4,200 stg, traders said.
    Dealers said major consumers still need to cover their May
and June requirements but are holding out for even lower
offers. Reported high grade tin business in London was confined
to end April metal at 4,225 stg.
    Small-scale spot business was reported by West German
operators at 12.60 and 12.63 marks per kilo although the market
was still being undercut by Chinese material, which traded at
one stage down to 12.54 marks per kilo, traders said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15817>
The quarterly session of the
International Tin Council (ITC) continued without formal
agreement on an extension of the sixth International Tin
Agreement (ITA), but delegates said it was apparent there was a
general consensus the Agreement should be prolonged.
    Some delegations are still awaiting formal instructions
from capitals, but informally most have indicated they favour
an extension, delegates said.
    This afternoon's session was used by delegates to seek
further clarification on some of the issues involved, and to
discuss internal matters.
    Some sources were optimistic a resolution on an extension
could be passed tomorrow but others suggested a special session
would be convened to adopt the resolution after the Association
of Tin Producing Countries meeting April 14 to 16.
    The full Council session resumes tomorrow at 1330 GMT after
a European Community coordination meeting at 1100.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17731>
European free market tin traders made a
somewhat muted response to plans for a Kuala Lumpur
dollar-based tin futures market due to be launched in October.
    Traders said the new market would probably be a useful
trading medium for Japan and other South East Asian tin
interests although European traders generally appear to be
reasonably satisfied with the current "free market" system
which has been operating since London Metal Exchange, LME, tin
trading ceased in October 1985. Dealers here will also want to
see how acceptable foreign metal will be on the new market and
what sort of demand develops for forward deliveries.
    There is also a view among European traders that, while the
proposed Kuala Lumpur tin futures market would provide another
useful reference point, a market inaugurated by the Malaysian
government -- in the past viewed as a major player at times by
the trade -- would make participants uncomfortable.
    Some traders expressed a preference for a resumption of
trading on the London Metal Exchange, but they added that while
there has been some behind the scenes discussion on the subject
a definite move is unlikely until outstanding High Court
litigation actions have been resolved.
    Spot tin prices on the European free market are currently
around 4,200 stg per tonne for high grade metal in warehouse
Rotterdam. Over the past 18 months the price moved to a ten
year low of 3,400 stg in March 1986 and rebounded to as high as
4,680 stg in December 1986.
    This compares with 8,140 stg last paid when LME trading
ceased in October 1985 and a record high tin price of 10,350
stg traded for Cash Standard Grade metal in June of that year.
    LME warehouse stocks are now near a two-year low at 28,065
tonnes, having fallen steadily from a record high of 72,485
tonnes reached in February 1986.
    Traders said the free market turned bullish during late
last year based on producer forecasts of a supply/demand
deficit of some 28,000/29,000 tonnes. Analysts were predicting
prices of up to 5,000 stg per tonne during 1987.
    However, the trend was reversed following a strong upswing
in sterling versus the dollar and values fell back briefly to
4,100 stg last month after approaching 4,700 stg in December.
    The decline accelerated as producers who had sold very
little metal at the higher levels became competitive sellers.
    There was also a lack of significant demand from major
steel mills who made large purchases prior to the new year.
    Traders say the 15 ITC creditor banks' original tin
holdings of nearly 45,000 tonnes have now been almost halved,
and the bulk of material still available is being held by
Malaysian and Japanese firms which are reluctant to depress the
market with unwanted metal.
    Some 80,000 tonnes were held by banks and brokers after the
International Tin Council's, ITC, buffer stock manager halted
support operations on the LME on behalf of the 22 members
nations of the International Tin Agreement.
    The overhang of metal was reduced further by broker
Shearson Lehman Brothers, which earlier this year reported
having sold its ITC-related holdings and halved its overall tin
position.
    Analysts see no immediate sign of a rally in European tin
prices and movements are still expected to be largely related
to currency fluctuations, unless significant consumer demand
emerges for the third quarter.
    The Association of Tin Producing Countries, ATPC, has made
efforts since the collapse of the ITA to achieve higher world
prices by attempting to bring all major producers under an
export control umbrella, but to date Brazil and China, two
major producers, remain unaffected by the ATPC argument and
apparently are continuing to offer material at discounts to
consumers in main European trading centres, dealers said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18924>
The International Tin Council, ITC,
intervened in a High Court hearing in an attempt to prevent the
presentation of internal Council documents as evidence.
    The intervention in Shearson Lehman's action against the
London Metal Exchange over its "ring out" of tin contracts in
1986 is likely to have implications for other cases in which
the Council is involved following the collapse of its buffer
stock operations in October 1985, ITC delegates said.
    The ITC's case is being presented by Professor Rosalyn
Higgins and is expected to take a further one or two days next
week. Court does not sit tomorrow.
    In essence the Council is claiming that its status is
similar to that of a foreign embassy and that its archives can
therefore not be used in an English court of law.
    The Council ended its quarterly session today ahead of
schedule. The meeting had been expected to go on until tomorrow
when the European Community's legal advisers were due to
attend, but delegates reviewed the progress of the various
legal actions today.
    Otherwise, the meeting was occupied with internal
administrative matters, delegates said.
    The ITC will continue to operate with a reduced staff after
June 30 following the two year extension of the sixth
International Tin Agreement.
    As well as dealing with the ongoing litigation, the Council
will continue with its statistical work and carry out some
research studies, although staffing in the research department
is being cut to one from two previously.
    At this week's session the Council elected Philip Sparkes
of Australia as first vice-chairman for the producing members
and Heinz Hofer of Switzerland as second vice-chairman for the
consumers for the year from July 1. Future quarterly sessions
are scheduled for October 5/7 and December 14/16.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19065>
Thailand's major tin exporter and
producer &lt;Thailand Smelting and Refining Co> (Thaisarco) said
it may be unable to meet all its overseas orders because of
insufficient supplies of tin concentrates from Thai mines.
    Local mines cut combined daily tin concentrate sales to
Thaisarco, a Royal Dutch/Shell Group &lt;RD.AS> unit, to less than
20 tonnes earlier this month from a previous 40 to 45 tonne
average, commercial manager Yoot Eamsa-ard told Reuters.
    He said the cuts resulted from a government decision to let
the temporary business and municipal tax reductions on exported
tin lapse on June 3.
    The taxes, levied on the tin mines, rose to 4.4 pct this
month from 1.1 pct ad valorem over the past year. The lower
levels had been introduced last year as a temporary move to aid
the tin industry after prices collapsed in late 1985.
    Yoot said Thaisarco had to dig into its stocks to meet a
large portion of new overseas orders which were averaging 100
tonnes per day.
    As a result, he said, Thailand could fail to fill some
3,000 tonnes of its 19,000 tonne tin export quota allocated by
the Association of Tin Producing Countries (ATPC) for the year
ending February 1988.
    Reduced tin exports this year could cause the ATPC to
allocate a lower quota next year, Yoot said.
    The supplies shortage should prove temporary, however,
because the Thai cabinet is expected to review a Mineral
Resources Department proposal to reinstate the low taxes late
this month, Yoot said.
    The department said Thailand exported 7,715 tonnes of tin
during January/May compared with 8,462 tonnes a year ago.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19367>
Malaysia is to urge fellow tin
producing countries to contribute more money towards research
into new uses for the metal, Malaysian primary industries
minister Lim Keng Yaik told Reuters in an interview.
    Lim, in Brussels on a tour of Europe and America, said he
had instructed Malaysia's representatives on the executive
committee of the Association of Tin Producing Countries, ATPC,
to draw up a paper on the matter.
    Lim earlier met European Community farm commissioner Frans
Andriessen and industry commissioner Karl-Heinz Narjes.
    He said though it now appeared likely Commission proposals
for a tax on vegetable and marine oils and fats would be
defeated, he feared the Commission would revive the idea.
    Lim noted Andriessen this week promised that if the tax was
adopted and third countries suffered export losses as a result,
they would be compensated through access to the EC for
alternative exports.
    "Since most of our products are commodity based, I cannot
see how this would work out in our case," Lim said.
    Malaysian palm oil exports to the EC are worth about 250
mln dlrs a year.
    The tin research proposal would be presented at an ATPC
meeting to be held in Kuala Lumpur in September.
    "Not enough research and development effort has been put in
by tin producers and we have been pushed out by substitutes
such as aluminium, paper and plastics," Lim said.
    He mentioned the use of inorganic tin in pesticides as an
exciting possible new application.
    Lim said he could not estimate the amount of extra money
which needed to be spent on research into new uses before the
new paper was produced.
    He said Narjes told him there appeared no fundamental
barriers to EC states quickly ratifying the new International
Rubber Agreement, INRA, although translations of the accord
into some EC languages are still being awaited.
    Lim, who will sign and ratify the agreement on Malaysia's
behalf when he visits New York during his current tour, said it
was important there should not be a long "interregnum" between
the old agreement lapsing in October and the new one coming
into force.
    He described the present accord as a model for commodity
agreements due to its being signed by nearly all producing and
consuming countries and by virtue of its review systems and
control over buffer stock management.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20458>
Britain's highest court has decided the
International Tin Council (ITC) can appeal over the use of ITC
documents in court actions.
    On November 2 the House of Lords will decide if and to what
extent ITC documents, whether circulated or not, are admissible
as court evidence. Lawyers working in the legal tangle left
from the October 1985 collapse of the tin market said this
hearing is likely to last a few days.
    On Wednesday the Court of Appeal will link the outstanding
ITC cases that have so far reached it and a single set of
hearings could begin in early January, they added.
    The House of Lords ruling on the use of ITC documents will
be referred back to the action by two Shearson Lehman companies
against the London Metal Exchange although the underlying case
is not expected to be resumed until mid-1988.
    The Court of Appeal hearings include action between brokers
and cases by brokers and banks against the ITC and the member
governments of the tin council.
    Action taken by brokers seeking both the winding up of the
ITC or and placing it into receivership will also be covered by
the Court of Appeal legal schedule.
 Reuter
</BODY>
