<BODY DOCID=14826>
Mounting trade friction between the
U.S. And Japan has raised fears among many of Asia's exporting
nations that the row could inflict far-reaching economic
damage, businessmen and officials said.
    They told Reuter correspondents in Asian capitals a U.S.
Move against Japan might boost protectionist sentiment in the
U.S. And lead to curbs on American imports of their products.
    But some exporters said that while the conflict would hurt
them in the long-run, in the short-term Tokyo's loss might be
their gain.
    The U.S. Has said it will impose 300 mln dlrs of tariffs on
imports of Japanese electronics goods on April 17, in
retaliation for Japan's alleged failure to stick to a pact not
to sell semiconductors on world markets at below cost.
    Unofficial Japanese estimates put the impact of the tariffs
at 10 billion dlrs and spokesmen for major electronics firms
said they would virtually halt exports of products hit by the
new taxes.
    "We wouldn't be able to do business," said a spokesman for
leading Japanese electronics firm Matsushita Electric
Industrial Co Ltd &lt;MC.T>.
    "If the tariffs remain in place for any length of time
beyond a few months it will mean the complete erosion of
exports (of goods subject to tariffs) to the U.S.," said Tom
Murtha, a stock analyst at the Tokyo office of broker &lt;James
Capel and Co>.
    In Taiwan, businessmen and officials are also worried.
    "We are aware of the seriousness of the U.S. Threat against
Japan because it serves as a warning to us," said a senior
Taiwanese trade official who asked not to be named.
    Taiwan had a trade trade surplus of 15.6 billion dlrs last
year, 95 pct of it with the U.S.
    The surplus helped swell Taiwan's foreign exchange reserves
to 53 billion dlrs, among the world's largest.
    "We must quickly open our markets, remove trade barriers and
cut import tariffs to allow imports of U.S. Products, if we
want to defuse problems from possible U.S. Retaliation," said
Paul Sheen, chairman of textile exporters &lt;Taiwan Safe Group>.
    A senior official of South Korea's trade promotion
association said the trade dispute between the U.S. And Japan
might also lead to pressure on South Korea, whose chief exports
are similar to those of Japan.
    Last year South Korea had a trade surplus of 7.1 billion
dlrs with the U.S., Up from 4.9 billion dlrs in 1985.
    In Malaysia, trade officers and businessmen said tough
curbs against Japan might allow hard-hit producers of
semiconductors in third countries to expand their sales to the
U.S.
    In Hong Kong, where newspapers have alleged Japan has been
selling below-cost semiconductors, some electronics
manufacturers share that view. But other businessmen said such
a short-term commercial advantage would be outweighed by
further U.S. Pressure to block imports.
    "That is a very short-term view," said Lawrence Mills,
director-general of the Federation of Hong Kong Industry.
    "If the whole purpose is to prevent imports, one day it will
be extended to other sources. Much more serious for Hong Kong
is the disadvantage of action restraining trade," he said.
    The U.S. Last year was Hong Kong's biggest export market,
accounting for over 30 pct of domestically produced exports.
    The Australian government is awaiting the outcome of trade
talks between the U.S. And Japan with interest and concern,
Industry Minister John Button said in Canberra last Friday.
    "This kind of deterioration in trade relations between two
countries which are major trading partners of ours is a very
serious matter," Button said.
    He said Australia's concerns centred on coal and beef,
Australia's two largest exports to Japan and also significant
U.S. Exports to that country.
    Meanwhile U.S.-Japanese diplomatic manoeuvres to solve the
trade stand-off continue.
    Japan's ruling Liberal Democratic Party yesterday outlined
a package of economic measures to boost the Japanese economy.
    The measures proposed include a large supplementary budget
and record public works spending in the first half of the
financial year.
    They also call for stepped-up spending as an emergency
measure to stimulate the economy despite Prime Minister
Yasuhiro Nakasone's avowed fiscal reform program.
    Deputy U.S. Trade Representative Michael Smith and Makoto
Kuroda, Japan's deputy minister of International Trade and
Industry (MITI), are due to meet in Washington this week in an
effort to end the dispute.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14832>
Thailand's trade deficit widened to 4.5
billion baht in the first quarter of 1987 from 2.1 billion a
year ago, the Business Economics Department said.
    It said Janunary/March imports rose to 65.1 billion baht
from 58.7 billion. Thailand's improved business climate this
year resulted in a 27 pct increase in imports of raw materials
and semi-finished products.
    The country's oil import bill, however, fell 23 pct in the
first quarter due to lower oil prices.
    The department said first quarter exports expanded to 60.6
billion baht from 56.6 billion.
    Export growth was smaller than expected due to lower
earnings from many key commodities including rice whose
earnings declined 18 pct, maize 66 pct, sugar 45 pct, tin 26
pct and canned pineapples seven pct.
    Products registering high export growth were jewellery up
64 pct, clothing 57 pct and rubber 35 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14858>
Japan's Agriculture Ministry, angered by
U.S. Demands that Japan open its farm products market, will
tell U.S. Officials at talks later this month that
liberalisation would harm existing U.S. Farm exports to Japan,
a senior ministry official said.
    "Imports from the U.S. Would drop due to active sales drives
by other suppliers," the official, who declined to be named,
said. "Japan is the largest customer for U.S. Farm products and
it is not reasonable for the U.S. To demand Japan liberalise
its farm import market," he said.
    Agriculture Minister Mutsuki Kato has said if the U.S.
Insists Japan open its protected rice market it will also open
its wheat market, where volume and origin are regulated to
protect local farmers.
    Australia and Canada could then increase their wheat
exports as they are more competitive than the U.S., He said.
End-users would also buy other origins, grain traders said.
    U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng, who is due to
visit Japan for talks between April 16-27, has said he will ask
Japan to offer a share of its rice market to U.S. Suppliers and
remove quotas on U.S. Beef and citrus imports.
    Other countries are already cutting into the U.S. Market
share here. Australia, the largest beef supplier to Japan, has
been trying to boost exports prior to the expiry of a four-year
beef accord next March 31.
    Imports of U.S. Corn have fallen due to increased sales
from China and South America, while Japanese soybean imports
from Brazil are expected to rise sharply this year, although
the U.S. Will remain the largest supplier.
    U.S. Feedgrain sales will also drop if Japan opens up its
beef imports, since Japan depends almost entirely on feedgrain
imports, mainly from the U.S., Japanese officials said.
    An indication of the U.S. Position came last December when
Under Secretary of Agriculture Daniel Amstutz said Japan has
the potential to provide one of the largest boosts to U.S.
Agricultural exports, with the beef market alone representing
some one billion dlrs in new business.
    The U.S. Has also asked the General Agreement on Tariffs
and Trade to investigate the legality of Japanese import
controls on 12 other farm products, including fruit juices,
purees and pulp, tomato juice, ketchup and sauce, peanuts,
prepared beef products and miscellaneous beans.
    To help calm heated trade relations with the U.S., Japan's
top business group Keidanren has urged the government to remove
residual import restrictions on agricultural products.
    But Agriculture Minister Kato has ruled out any emotional
reaction, and the senior ministry official said the farm issue
should not become a scapegoat for trade pressure in the
industrial sector.
    "Japan is the largest buyer of U.S. Farm products, and these
issues should not be discussed on the same table," the official
said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14862>
South Korea's trade surplus is growing too
fast and the government has started taking steps to slow it
down, Deputy Prime Minister Kim Mahn-je said.
    He told a press conference the government planned to
increase investment, speed up the opening of the local market
to foreign imports and gradually adjust its currency to hold
the surplus "at a proper level."
    But he said the government would not allow the won to
appreciate too much in a short period of time. South Korea has
been under pressure from Washington to revalue the won.
    The U.S. Wants South Korea to cut its trade surplus with
the U.S., Which rose to 7.4 billion dlrs in 1986 from 4.3
billion dlrs in 1985.
    Kim, who is also economic planning minister, said prospects
were bright for the South Korean economy, but the government
would try to hold the current account surplus to around five
billion dlrs a year for the next five years.
    "Our government projections of eight pct GNP growth, five
billion dlrs of (current account) surplus and 12 pct growth in
exports all seemed to be reasonable early this year. But now
the surplus is growing faster than we expected," he said.
    Trade ministry officials said South Korea's exports rose 35
pct to 9.34 billion dlrs in the first three months of this
year, while imports rose only 8.5 pct to 8.2 billion dlrs.
    Kim said the swing of South Korea's current account to a
surplus of 4.65 billion dlrs in 1986 from an 890 mln dlr
deficit in 1985 was very significant. The surplus enabled the
country to reduce its foreign debt last year for the first
time.
    South Korea's foreign debt, which fell to 44.5 billion dlrs
in 1986 from 46.8 billion in 1985, is still among the largest
in Asia.
    "This huge amount of our foreign debt has been one of the
major constraints on our development... Last year was a major
turning point for the Korean economy," Kim said.
    Kim said his government plannned to reduce the ratio of
foreign debt to the country's GNP to about 20 pct in 1991, from
about 50 pct in 1986.
    "The government, however, does not want to accelerate
reducing the debt by making an excessive trade surplus," he
said.
    Kim said a sudden rise in the surplus would cause inflation
and lead to trade friction with Seoul's major trading partners,
particularly the United States.
    "We need a surplus because we have to reduce our debt, but
we are taking measures to hold the size of the surplus at a
proper level," Kim said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14881>
A top U.S. Official said Japan has little
chance of convincing the U.S. To drop threatened trade
sanctions, despite the efforts of a Japanese team that left for
Washington today.
    Michael Armacost, Under Secretary of State for Political
Affairs, was asked at a press conference whether Japan's moves
to boost its domestic economy and open its markets could
persuade the U.S. Not to impose tariffs on Japanese imports
said, and replied: "...It is probably too early for the figures
to demonstrate that the situation has turned around and to
permit the result you have described."
    Armacost said the U.S. Hopes Japan will take steps to lift
its domestic economy and reduce dependence on exports, remove
barriers to imports and settle outstanding trade issues.
    "There are obvious problems at the moment in the trade area,
but we do not wish those problems to divert attention from
important areas of cooperation that continue to exist on
security and political issues," he said.
    "The question is whether through cooperative actions between
our governments we can reduce the (trade) imbalance or whether
Congress takes action to reduce it through protectionist
legislation," he said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14904>
Ministry of International Trade and
Industry (MITI) Vice Minister Makoto Kuroda leaves for
Washington today with data he hopes will refute U.S. Charges
Japan has violated a pact on microchip trade.
    A three-man Japanese trade team is already in Washington
laying the groundwork for talks between Kuroda and Deputy U.S.
Trade Representative Michael Smith aimed at persuading the U.S.
Not to impose tariffs on certain Japanese products.
    But Kuroda said he is taking no new proposals. "I have
nothing in my briefcase except an explanation of the current
situation," Kuroda told the daily newspaper Asahi Shimbun.
    Kuroda said the U.S. Decision was based on incorrect data
and an exaggerated sense of MITI's power to control market
forces. "The U.S. Has excessive expectations. To stabilise
supply-demand relations which have been disrupted by excess
inventories since 1985 will take some time," he said.
    Kuroda also laid part of the blame for low U.S. Chip sales
in Japan on a lack of effort by American firms here.
    He said if he fails in talks tomorrow and Friday to
forestall sanctions, he will seek further talks with U.S. Trade
Representative Clayton Yeutter. U.S. Officials said this week's
talks are unlikely to delay imposition of tariffs.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14912>
A top U.S. Official said Japan has little
chance of persuading the U.S. to drop threatened trade
sanctions, despite the efforts of a Japanese team that left for
Washington today.
    Michael Armacost, Under Secretary of State for Political
Affairs, was asked at a press conference whether Japan's moves
to boost its domestic economy and open its markets could
persuade the U.S. Not to impose tariffs on Japanese imports
said, and replied: "...It is probably too early for the figures
to demonstrate that the situation has turned around and to
permit the result you have described."
    Armacost said the U.S. Hopes Japan will take steps to lift
its domestic economy and reduce dependence on exports, remove
barriers to imports and settle outstanding trade issues.
    "There are obvious problems at the moment in the trade area,
but we do not wish those problems to divert attention from
important areas of cooperation that continue to exist on
security and political issues," he said.
    "The question is whether through cooperative actions between
our governments we can reduce the (trade) imbalance or whether
Congress takes action to reduce it through protectionist
legislation," he said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15154>
Senior Japanese officials tomorrow
open talks with American trade negotiators in a last-ditch
effort to avert new high U.S. tariffs to be imposed on a wide
variety of Japanese electronic exports.
    Makoto Kuroda, vice minister of Japan's Ministry of
International Trade and Industry (MITI), is to hold two days of
meetings with the Deputy U.S. Trade Representative, Michael
Smith, and the Under Secretary of Commerce, Bruce Smart.
    The new tariffs, to go into effect on April 17, are in
retaliation for Japan's failure to adhere to an agreement to
end dumping semiconductors in world markets at below cost and
to open its home market to U.S. semiconductor shipments.
    They are to be imposed on goods which use semiconductors,
including television and audio equipment and computers.
    Both U.S. and Japanese officials have said there was little
likelihood the talks would do anything to avert the 100 pct
duties on 300 mln dlrs worth of Japanese shipments.
    President Reagan announced the planned tariffs on March 27
after he said that close monitoring of the July 1986
U.S.-Japanese semiconductor pact convinced U.S. officials that
Japan was not honoring the agreement.
    In making the annoucement, Reagan said "I am committed to
the full enforcement of our trade agreements designed to
provide American industry with free and fair trade."
    Trade analysts said his move was aimed as much at Japan's
semiconductor trade practices, which are said to have injured
the U.S. semiconductor industry, as Congress, which has
complained about presidential timidity on trade issues.
    Congressional Democrats have pledged to enact aggressive
trade laws to counter what they contend has been Reagan's
inaction to redress the growing U.S. trade deficit, which last
year reached 169.8 billion dlrs.
    About one-third of the deficit was with Japan.
    Reagan said there were recent signs Japan was beginning to
adhere to the pact and that was why he was not terminating it.
    Kuroda said on leaving Tokyo today he had no new proposals
but did have an explanation of the semiconductor situation.
    He told the daily newspaper Ashai Shimbun that Reagan's
decision was based on inaccurate data and an exaggerated sense
of MITI's power to control Japanese traders.
    "The United States has excessive expectations.," he said. To
stabilize supply-demand relations which have been disrupted by
excess inventories since 1985 will take some time."
    He also said that U.S. firms had not been aggressive enough
in trying to sell in the Japanese market.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15171>
Presidential spokesman Marlin
Fitzwater said U.S. trade sanctions against Japan were likely
take effect on April 17 in spite of a "full court press" by
Japanese officials to avoid them.
    "All indications are they will take effect," he said.
    "I would say Japan is applying the full court press ... They
certainly are putting both feet forward in terms of explaining
their position," Fitzwater told reporters.
    He noted high level meetings on the trade dispute are
underway here but said, "I don't think there's anything I can
report and I don't believe there's been any official movement."
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15223>
The White House said high U.S.
Tariffs on Japanese electronic goods would likely be imposed as
scheduled on April 17, despite an all-out effort by Japan to
avoid them.
    Presidential spokesman Marlin Fitzwater made the remark one
day before U.S. And Japanese officials are to meet under the
emergency provisions of a July 1986 semiconductor pact to
discuss trade and the punitive tariffs.
    Fitzwater said: "I would say Japan is applying the
full-court press...They certainly are putting both feet forward
in terms of explaining their position." But he added that "all
indications are they (the tariffs) will take effect."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15313>
Canada plans to monitor steel shipments
flowing in and out of the country in an attempt to appease
concerns in the U.S. over the high level of Canadian steel
exports, Trade Minister Pat Carney said.
    "To help maintain our open access to the U.S. steel market,
the government is taking further action to ensure we have more
accurate data on exports and imports and that Canada is not
used as a backdoor to the U.S. market by offshore suppliers,"
Carney said.
    Carney also said Canadian companies were being asked to
exercise prudence in the U.S. market and both countries were
considering establishing a joint commission to study the
growing steel problem.
    Carney told the House of Commons she will soon announce an
amendment to the Exports and Imports Permits Act to set up the
monitoring program.
    Canadian steel shipments to the U.S. have risen to 5.7 pct
cent of the U.S. market in recent months, almost double the
level just two years ago, Canadian trade officials said.
    The increase in Canadian shipments comes at a time of
growing anger in the U.S. over rising steel imports from
several countries in the face of a decline in the domestic
steel industry.
    Some U.S. lawmakers have proposed Canada's share of the
American market be limited to 2.4 pct.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15352>
Financial analysts say they are
pleased with congressional moves to trim next year's federal
budget deficit but believe the actions will do little to help
improve the U.S. trade deficit or buoy the economy.
    The House of Representatives is expected to vote tomorrow
to approve a trillion-dollar budget blueprint for the coming
fiscal year that reduces the deficit by 38 billion dlrs.
    Similarly, the Senate Budget Committee has approved a plan
that would cut federal red ink by about 37 billion dlrs next
year.
        "In terms of the economy, 37-38 billion dlrs is
infinitesimal, so cuts of this magnitude will have little
impact on the economy and the trade deficit," said Stanley
Collander, a Touche Ross federal budget policy analyst.
    "At best, it will have a small positive effect," Collander
said in an interview.
    Federal Reserve Board Chairman Paul Volcker has repeatedly
told Congress that cutting federal red ink would go a long way
to help reduce the massive trade deficit and also help ease
some of the downward pressure on the value of the dollar.
    The U.S. government has attempted to remedy the trade
imbalance by driving down the value of the dollar. But Volcker
has warned that a further fall in the dollar's value is fraught
with danger.
    Such a decline, he has said, could refuel inflation as
imported goods become more expensive and chase away foreign
capital needed to finance the federal budget deficit.
    In addition, in February, U.S. officials meeting with other
major industrialized nations in Paris agreed that the value of
the dollar had dropped enough and that world exchange rates
should be stabilized at around current levels.
    As part of that agreement, Japan and West Germany agreed to
take steps to stimulate their economies and the United States
agreed to cut its budget deficit.
    The alternative to driving down the dollar any further as a
way to deal with the trade deficit, Volcker said recently, is
to reduce U.S. consumption, particularly federal spending.
    "If you don't deal with the budget deficit, everything else
you do is going to be counterproductive," Volcker said in recent
testimony before the Senate Banking Committee.
    Volcker also said he would prefer to further tighten the
government's purse strings than have the Fed tighten the credit
supply if action was needed to fight inflationary pressures or
to assure the continued flow of foreign capital into the United
States.
    Analysts say that Fed tightening now could choke off the
current modest economic expansion and threaten a recession.
    Kemper Financial Services economist John Silvia stressed
that any deficit reduction was better than none.
    But he said the size of the cuts under consideration were 
not enough to give the Federal Reserve Board the flexibility it
needs to steer the economy or to keep the value of the dollar
from plunging further in world exchange markets.
    "There's no doubt that some deficit reduction helps, but if
your objective is to stabilize the dollar and perserve the
Fed's flexibility to conduct monetary policy, then the answer
is, it's not enough," Silvia told Reuters.
    The U.S. trade deficit has become one of the government's
most vexing and persistent problems.
    The 1986 deficit was 169.8 billion dlrs and there is as yet
little indication that this year's figure will be any lower,
though administration officials have predicted it will drop by
about 20 to 30 billion dlrs by year's end.
    In the past, Volcker has joked that he never lost sleep
worrying whether Congress would cut too much fat from the
federal budget.
    On the other hand, he also has made it clear he is not
attached to the gradually declining deficit ceilings set for
the 1986-1991 period by last year's Gramm-Rudman balanced
budget law.
    While the new law set a ceiling of 108 billion dlrs for
next year's federal deficit, both the House and Senate Budget
Committees have conceded that their budget plans would fall
short of the deficit reduction goal by about 25 billion dlrs.
    "For political reasons, 35 to 40 billion dlrs is about the
most you're going to get" out of Congress at the present time,
said Touche Ross's Collander. "To do something more than that
would be extraordinary, remarkable and very, very difficult."
    Collander said the real danger for Congress was to end up
short of the deficit reduction goal set by its Budget panels.
    "To an extent, this has become the minimum acceptable
reduction level," he explained. "Anything less than that will now
look like a failure to Wall Street."
    The budget plan now under debate on the House floor would
lower an estimated 171 billion dlr deficit for the year
beginning on October one to about 133 billion dlrs by cutting
defense and domestic programs by 38 billion dlrs from their
anticipated spending levels for next year.
    The Senate Budget Committee has called for a deficit of
nearly 134 billion dlrs with about 18.5 billion dlrs in new 
taxes and about the same amount in spending cuts.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15372>
Japan's little-known Ministry of Posts and
Telecommunications (MPT) has emerged as an international force
to be reckoned with, political analysts said.
    MPT, thrust into the spotlight by trade rows with the U.S.
And Britain, is in a position of strength due to its control of
a lucrative industry and its ties with important politicians,
they said.
    "The ministry is standing athwart the regulatory control of
a key industrial sector, telecommunications and information,"
said one diplomatic source.
    "They are a potent political force," the diplomatic source
said.
    But MPT is finding domestic political prowess does not
always help when it comes to trade friction diplomacy, analysts
said.
    "The ministry was a minor ministry and its people were not
so internationalized," said Waseda University professor Mitsuru
Uchida. "Suddenly they're standing at the centre of the world
community and in that sense, they're at a loss (as to) how to
face the situation."
    Most recently the ministry has been embroiled in a row with
London over efforts by Britain's Cable and Wireless Plc to keep
a major stake in one of two consortia trying to compete in
Japan's lucrative overseas telephone business.
    The ministry has favoured the merger of the two rival
groups, arguing the market cannot support more than one
competitor to Kokusai Denshin Denwa Co Ltd, which now
monopolizes the business.
    It has also opposed a major management role in the planned
merger for any non-Japanese overseas telecommunications firm on
the grounds that no such international precedent exists.
    The ministry's stance has outraged both London, which has
threatened to retaliate, and Washington, which says the merger
plan is evidence of Japan's failure to honour pledges to open
its telecommunications market.
    Washington is also angry over other ministry moves which it
says have limited access for U.S. Firms to Japan's car
telephone and satellite communications market.
    Much of MPT's new prominence stems from the growth of the
sector it regulates.
    "What has been happening is an important shift in the
economy which makes the ministry a very important place," said
James Abegglen, head of the consulting firm Asia Advisory
Service Inc.
    A decision to open the telecommunications industry to
competition under a new set of laws passed in 1985 has boosted
rather than lessened MPT's authority, analysts said.
    "With the legal framework eased, they became the de facto
legal framework," said Bache Securities (Japan) analyst Darrell
Whitten.
    Close links with the powerful political faction of the
ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) nurtured by former Prime
Minister Kakuei Tanaka are another key to MPT's influence, the
analysts said.
    "Other factions ignored MPT (in the 1970s), but the Tanaka
faction was forward looking and ... Recognized the importance
of MPT," Uchida said. Many former bureaucrats became members of
the influential political group, he added.
    The ministry also has power in the financial sector due to
the more than 100,000 billion yen worth of deposits in the
Postal Savings System, analysts said.
    MPT has helped block Finance Ministry plans to deregulate
interest rates on small deposits, a key element in financial
liberalisation, since the change would remove the Postal
Savings System's ability to offer slightly higher rates than
banks, they said.
    Diplomatic sources, frustrated with what they see as MPT's
obstructionist and protectionist posture, have characterized
the ministry as feudal.
    Critics charge MPT with protecting its own turf, limiting
competition and sheltering the former monopolies under its
wing. Providing consumers with the best service at the lowest
price takes a back seat to such considerations, they said.
    But many of the ministry's actions are not unlike those of
its bureaucratic counterparts in much of the Western world
including Britain, several analysts said.
    "The United States is really the odd man out," Abegglen said.
"For a government to take the view that it wants to keep order
in utilities markets is not an unusual and/or unreasonable
view," he said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15375>
Following is the text of a statement
by the Group of Seven -- the U.S., Japan, West Germany, France,
Britain, Italy and Canada -- issued after a Washington meeting
yesterday.
    1. The finance ministers and central bank governors of
seven major industrial countries met today.
    They continued the process of multilateral surveillance of
their economies pursuant to the arrangements for strengthened
economic policy coordination agreed at the 1986 Tokyo summit of
their heads of state or government.
    The managing director of the International Monetary Fund
also participated in the meeting.
    2. The ministers and governors reaffirmed the commitment to
the cooperative approach agreed at the recent Paris meeting,
and noted the progress achieved in implementing the
undertakings embodied in the Louvre Agreement.
    They agreed, however, that further actions will be
essential to resist rising protectionist pressures, sustain
global economic expansion, and reduce trade imbalances.
    In this connection they welcomed the proposals just
announced by the governing Liberal Democratic Party in Japan
for extraordinary and urgent measures to stimulate Japan's
economy through early implementation of a large supplementary
budget exceeding those of previous years, as well as
unprecedented front-end loading of public works expenditures.
    The government of Japan reaffirmed its intention to further
open up its domestic markets to foreign goods and services.
    3. The ministers and governors reaffirmed the view that
around current levels their currencies are within ranges
broadly consistent with economic fundamentals and the basic
policy intentions outlined at the Louvre meeting.
    In that connection they welcomed the strong implementation
of the Louvre Agreement.
    They concluded that present and prospective progress in
implementing the policy undertakings at the Louvre and in this
statement provided a basis for continuing close cooperation to
foster the stability of exchange rates.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15386>
The Soviet trade deficit with the West
almost quadrupled last year, reaching 2.72 billion roubles
compared with 713 mln in 1985, official figures showed.
    Statistics published by the monthly journal Foreign Trade
showed Soviet trade turnover for 1986 fell to 130.9 billion
roubles from 142.1 billion the previous year, a drop of 7.8
pct.
    Moscow's trade surplus with East Bloc countries continued
to grow in 1986.
    Western analysts attributed the deficit rise with the West
to the world oil price slump, which hit Moscow's main export
and cut hard currency earnings needed for purchases in the
West.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15430>
Canada had a trade surplus of 1.25
billion dlrs in February compared with an upward revised 623
mln dlrs surplus in January, Statistics Canada said.
    The January surplus originally was reported at 533 mln
dlrs. The February surplus last year was 189 mln dlrs.
    February exports, seasonally adjusted, were 10.44 billion
dlrs against 9.85 billion in January and 10.05 billion in
February, 1986.
    February imports were 9.19 billion dlrs against 9.23
billion in January and 9.86 billion in February, 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15447>
The European Community launched an
investigation into allegations of dumping by Japanese
semiconductor makers in a move which diplomats said could mark
an intensification of world trade strains.
    Tokyo already faces a deadline of April 17 from Washington
for the imposition of 300 mln dlrs worth of tariffs on chips it
imports into the U.S.
    The EC Executive Commission said today the European
Electrical Component Manufacturers Association complained that
Japanese firms were selling high capacity EPROM type (erasable
programmable read only memory) chips at unfairly low prices.
    Japan last year took 78 pct of the 170 mln dlr EC EPROM
market, up from 60 pct in 1984. The EC firms said they had been
forced to offer their products at a discount of up to 30 pct in
order to compete with the Japanese.
    The Commission said it believed the Association had given
sufficient elements of proof for dumping to warrant an
investigation, which could lead it to impose duties if it found
the complaints were justified.
    The Commission claims last year's accord between the U.S.
And Japan on microchip pricing gives U.S. Firms privileged
access to the Japanese market.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15452>
Following is the text of a statement
by the Group of Seven -- the U.S., Japan, West Germany, France,
Britain, Italy and Canada -- issued after a Washington meeting
yesterday.
    1. The finance ministers and central bank governors of
seven major industrial countries met today.
    They continued the process of multilateral surveillance of
their economies pursuant to the arrangements for strengthened
economic policy coordination agreed at the 1986 Tokyo summit of
their heads of state or government.
    The managing director of the International Monetary Fund
also participated in the meeting.
    2. The ministers and governors reaffirmed the commitment to
the cooperative approach agreed at the recent Paris meeting,
and noted the progress achieved in implementing the
undertakings embodied in the Louvre Agreement.
    They agreed, however, that further actions will be
essential to resist rising protectionist pressures, sustain
global economic expansion, and reduce trade imbalances.
    In this connection they welcomed the proposals just
announced by the governing Liberal Democratic Party in Japan
for extraordinary and urgent measures to stimulate Japan's
economy through early implementation of a large supplementary
budget exceeding those of previous years, as well as
unprecedented front-end loading of public works expenditures.
    The government of Japan reaffirmed its intention to further
open up its domestic markets to foreign goods and services.
    3. The ministers and governors reaffirmed the view that
around current levels their currencies are within ranges
broadly consistent with economic fundamentals and the basic
policy intentions outlined at the Louvre meeting.
    In that connection they welcomed the strong implementation
of the Louvre Agreement.
    They concluded that present and prospective progress in
implementing the policy undertakings at the Louvre and in this
statement provided a basis for continuing close cooperation to
foster the stability of exchange rates.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15552>
The head of Spain's employers'
federation, Jose Maria Cuevas, said employers were worried
about the government's monetary policies because high real
interest rates were hampering investment.
    He told a news conference wage pacts signed so far this
year were not endangering the government's five pct inflation
target. The government's perceived need to control inflation by
keeping a tight rein on credit was unnecessary, he said.
    High real interest rates were attracting an influx of
speculative foreign capital which was undercutting the
government's target for monetary growth, Cuevas said.
    Spain's most closely-watched measure of money supply,
liquid assets in public hands, grew at an annualised rate of 17
pct in March, against 11.4 pct in December last year and a
target range of 6.5 to 9.5 pct for 1987.
    To combat this, the Bank of Spain has raised its call money
rate 14 times so far this year, to 14.5 pct at present from
11.8 at end-1986.
    Cuevas said employers were heeding the government's call to
hold wage increases to its five pct inflation target this year,
with increases from salary reviews awarded last year and new
wage pacts averaging 5.6 pct in the first quarter of 1987.
    These agreements covered less than 40 pct of Spanish
workers, Cuevas said, with the rest still in wage negotiations.
    He said Spain's current wave of strikes mainly affected the
state sector, where the government is trying to impose its five
pct wage ceiling.
    Cuevas said employers were also worried about the trend in
Spain's foreign trade balance. The trade deficit in the first
two months of 1987 totalled 233 billion pesetas, a 68 pct
increase over the corresponding period last year.
    However, employers did not favour a devaluation of the
peseta to correct the imbalance.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15666>
Council of Economic Advisers chairman
Beryl Sprinkel said the Reagan Administration remains strongly
opposed to a tax increase, including 18 billion dlrs of new
revenues in the budget plan by Congressional Democrats.
    "We believe that significant increases in taxes would not
reduce deficits and could have adverse effects on growth,"
Sprinkel told the House Rules Committee.
    He said the Administration wanted to continue its policy of
gradually reducing deficits through restraining government
spending and promoting economic growth. Sprinkel said cutting
the budget deficit was the best way to lower the trade deficit.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15725>
The value of colombian exports other than
coffee rose 55 pct in january compared with the same period
last year, apparently setting a trend for the trade balance in
1987, government statistics institute figures show.
    They amounted to 180.8 mln dlrs fob compared with 147.5 mln
dlrs for coffee, a drop of 42 pct from last year.
    The trade balance registered a 35 mln dlr surplus, compared
with a 56 mln dlr surplus in january 1986.
    The national planning department forecast that in 1987
coffee, colombia's traditional major export, will account for
only one-third of total exports, or about 1.5 billion dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15737>
Colombian exports other than coffee rose
55 pct in January compared with the same period last year,
figures from the government statistics institute show.
    Non-coffee exports amounted to 180.8 mln dlrs fob compared
with 147.5 mln dlrs for coffee, a drop of 42 pct from last
year.
    The trade balance registered a 35 mln dlr surplus, compared
with a 56 mln dlr surplus in January 1986.
    The national planning department forecast that in 1987
coffee, Colombia's traditional major export, will account for
only one third of total exports, or about 1.5 billion dlrs.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15840>
Canada's trade picture has brightened
considerably, underscoring economists' predictions the sector
would post a long awaited recovery this year.
    The federal government reported today that the monthly
surplus soared to 1.25 billion Canadian dlrs in February,
double January's 623 mln dlrs surplus and sharply higher than
February 1986's 189 mln dlr tally.
    "Hopefully it's the beginning of a trend," said Richardson
Greenshields of Canada Ltd economist Susan Clark in Toronto.
    Economists generally don't expect such large gains over the
next months, but are looking for an upward trend throughout the
year.
    "We thought the trade balance would improve ... over the
year, and it certainly looks as if this morning's figure is
indicative of that," commented economist James Donegan at the
Toronto securities firm of Midland Doherty Ltd.
    Statistics Canada reported the surplus was driven by a 23
pct gain in automobile product exports to a record 3.2 billion
dls in the month.
    "Recovery in the automotive sector helped push the value of
exports up by 5.9 pct in February," the agency said in its
monthly report.
    Total exports expanded to 10.44 billion dlrs from 9.85
billion dlrs in February, while imports slipped to 9.19 billion
dlrs from 9.23 billion dlrs.
    Economists have predicted the 1987 trade surplus would end
up three to five billion dlrs higher than last year's dismal
10.1 billion dlr total. In 1985 the surplus was 17.48 billion
dlrs.
    Money market analysts said the positive trade news touched
off a modest rally in the Canadian dollar, which rose to 76.85
U.S. cts on North American markets early this morning after
closing at 76.58 cts Wednesday.
    The currency was hovering around 76.78 cts in early
afternoon trading.
    Economists have been banking on an improved trade
performance this year to stimulate an otherwise sluggish
Canadian economy.
    Money market analysts said the positive trade news touched
off a modest rally in the Canadian dollar, which rose to 76.85
U.S. cts on North American markets early this morning after
closing at 76.58 cts Wednesday.
    The currency was hovering around 76.78 cts in early
afternoon trading.
    Economists have been banking on an improved trade
performance this year to stimulate an otherwise sluggish
Canadian economy.
    They say the country's consumers, who have been spending at
a torrid pace in recent years, will sharply curtail outlays
this year and this should help curtail the flow of imports into
the country.
    Meanwhile, demand for Canadian exports in the United
States, by far the country's largest market, is expected to be
strong as a result of a projected rise in American consumer
spending and the relatively low value of the Canadian currency.
    "We maintain what's going to drive Canada's export
performance is income growth in the U.S.," said Midland's
Donegan.
    But at the Bank of Nova Scotia, deputy chief economist
Warren Jestin was less optimistic about the U.S. outlook and
said it could be a mistake to read too much into February's
trade upturn.
    Jestin said, "Given the fact the U.S. economy is showing
signs of weakening--particularly car sales--it would indicate
that part of the strength (in Canada's trade figures) is
probably transitory."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16052>
chile's trade surplus narrowed to 102.2
mln dlrs in february, from 105.4 mln dlrs in the same month
last year, but it was above the 18.2-mln-dlr surplus recorded
in january 1987, the central bank said.
    Exports in february totalled 379.4 mln dlrs, 17.2 pct above
the january figure. Imports fell 9.2 pct from the previous
month to 277.2 mln dlrs. The figures for the same month last
year were 314 mln and 208.6 mln dlrs, respectively.
    The accumulated trade surplus over the first two months of
1987 stands at 120.4 mln dlrs against 132.8 mln dlrs the
previous year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16088>
Japan warned the United States it may
take retaliatory measures if the United States imposes its
planned trade sanctions on April 17, a senior government
official said.
    Shinji Fukukawa, Vice Minister of the International Trade
and Industry Ministry, said in a statement Japan would consider
measures under the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade and
other actions if the United States imposes 100 pct tariffs on
some Japanese exports as planned next week.
    However, Fukukawa said Japan was ready to continue trade
talks with the United States despite its failure to convince
America to call off the threatened tariffs during two days of
emergency talks which ended in Washington yesterday.
    Last month President Reagan announced the sanctions in
retaliation for what he called Japan's failure to honour a July
1986 agreement to stop dumping computer microchips in markets
outside the United States and to open its home market to
American goods.
    Fukukawa said the United States had regrettably not
listened to Japan's explanation of its efforts to live up the
pact and said Washington had not given any detailed explanation
of why it planned to impose the tariffs.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16094>
Taiwan announced plans for another round
of import tariff cuts on 862 foreign goods shortly before trade
talks with Washington which officials described as a move to
help balance trade with the United States.
    Wang Der-Hwa, Deputy Director of the Finance Ministry's
Customs Administration Department, told reporters the list of
products included 60 items asked by Washington.
    "The move is part of our government efforts to encourage
imports from our trading partners, particularly from the United
States," he said.
    He said the ministry sent a proposal today to the cabinet
that the tariffs on such products as cosmetics, bicycles,
apples, radios, garments, soybeans and television sets be cut
by between five and 50 pct.
    The cabinet was expected to give its approval next Thursday
and the new tariff cuts would be implemented possibly starting
on April 20, he added.
    Taiwan introduced a sweeping tariff cut on some 1,700
foreign products last January aimed at helping reduce its
growing trade surplus with the United States, the island's
largest trading partner.
    Washington however was not satisfied with the cuts and
pressed for more reductions as a way of cutting its huge trade
deficit with Taipei.
    Washington's deficit with Taipei rose to a record 13.6
billion U.S. Dlrs last year from 10.2 billion in 1985. It
widened to 3.61 billion in the first quarter of 1987 from 2.78
billion a year earlier, Taiwan's official figures show.
    Today's announcement came before a departure later today of
a 15-member Taiwan delegation for Washington for a series of
trade talks with U.S. Officials.
    The delegation's leader, Vincent Siew, told reporters last
night he was leaving with "a heavy heart," meaning that he would
face tough talks in Washington because of rising protectionist
sentiments in the U.S. Congress. Taiwan's 1986 trade surplus
with Washington was the third largest, after Japan and Canada.
    Siew said the talks, starting on April 14, would cover U.S.
Calls for Taiwan to open its market to American products,
purchases of major U.S. Machinery and power plant equipment,
import tariff cuts and protection of intellectual property.
    "I am afraid this time we have to give more than take from
our talks with the U.S.," he said without elaborating.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16095>
A British minister said he had given the
Japanese government a clear warning of sanctions against
Japanese companies if Tokyo did not allow more access to its
internal markets "and it was clearly understood."
    Corporate Affairs Minister Michael Howard said on his
return from a visit to Japan he thought the Japanese were
beginning to appreciate the need to be "fair and open" about
access to their own markets.
    At an airport news conference Howard denied opposition
charges that his trip had been a failure because he had
returned empty-handed.
    "I did what I set out to do. I was sent to deliver a clear
message to the Japanese government, and I delivered it very
clearly, and it has been clearly understood."
    Howard said that under the Financial Services Act the
govenment had considerable flexibility in taking sanctions
against Japanese companies and finance houses operating in
Britain.
    "It is not simply a question of withdrawing or refusing
operating licences. We can ban firms from certain countries
from carrying out certain kinds of business, while allowing
them to carry out other kinds."
    "I hope we don't have to use these powers, but I made it
clear in Japan that if our timetable isn't met, we shall use
them."
    He said it would be unfortunate if Britain and Japan became
involved in a tit-for-tat exchange, adding that Japan gained
more than anyone else from an open trading relationship.
    "I think they are beginning to appreciate that if this
relationship is to continue, it is very important for them to
be fair and open about access to their own markets."
    On the question of the British firm Cable and Wireless Plc
&lt;CAWL.L>, which is trying to win a significant share of
telecommunications contracts in Japan, Howard said he had told
the Japanese this was being widely regarded as a test case.
    He said there were signs of movement on the case. Cable and
Wireless was due to take part in talks in Japan next Tuesday,
he said.
    Earlier this week British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher
said Britain could not go it alone on sanctions against Japan,
but would have to coordinate action with its European Community
partners.
    Community sources said after a meeting of trade officials
yesterday that the group might impose steep new tariffs on a
range of Japanese goods to prevent diversion from United States
markets if Washington imposes trade sanctions against Tokyo as
it has threatened.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16118>
National Bank economic data for 1986
shows that Yugoslavia's trade deficit grew, the inflation rate
rose, wages were sharply higher, the money supply expanded and
the value of the dinar fell.
    The trade deficit for 1986 was 2.012 billion dlrs, 25.7 pct
higher than in 1985. The trend continued in the first three
months of this year as exports dropped by 17.8 pct, in hard
currency terms, to 2.124 billion dlrs.
    Yugoslavia this year started quoting trade figures in
dinars based on current exchange rates, instead of dollars
based on a fixed exchange rate of 264.53 dinars per dollar.
    Yugoslavia's balance of payments surplus with the
convertible currency area fell to 245 mln dlrs in 1986 from 344
mln in 1985. The National Bank said the drop was due to a
deterioration in trade. Exports to the convertible currency
area rose 11.6 pct from 1985, while imports rose 17.8 pct.
    Retail prices rose an average of 88.1 pct in 1986 while
industrial producer prices rose by 70.6 pct, the bank's data
showed. The cost of living rose by 89.1 pct.
    Personal incomes rose by 109 pct in 1986.
    Prime Minister Branko Mikulic warned in February that wages
were too high given the level of productivity.
    Mikulic introduced a law cutting wages to the level of the
last quarter of 1986 and tying future rises to productivity.
    Bank statistics show the overall 1986 rise in M-1 money
supply was 109.1 pct with a year-end position of 3,895.9
billion dinars. Yugoslavs have 9.8 billion dlrs worth of
foreign currency savings in the country and 20 billion dlrs
abroad, mostly owned by workers employed in western Europe.
    The dinar fell by 73.1 pct against a basket of hard
currencies in 1986. The highest depreciation was against the
Swiss franc, 85.3 pct, and the lowest against the U.S. Dollar,
46.2 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16125>
Singapore's external trade grew 8.8
pct in first quarter 1987, against a 12.4 pct decline in the
same period last year and two pct growth in the previous
quarter, the Trade Development Board said.
    It said exports over the period rose by 8.7 pct to 12.38
billion dlrs and imports by 8.9 pct to 14.64 billion for a
trade deficit of 2.26 billion, against a 2.06 billion deficit
in the same 1986 period and 1.78 billion deficit previously.
    The growth was attributed to the strength of non-oil trade,
especially computers and computer parts, electronic components
and garments, it said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16126>
Malaysia's manufacturing exports
rose by 24.5 pct to 15.1 billion ringgit in 1986, chairman of
the Export Promotion Council Ahmad Sarji Abdul Hamind said.
    The improved export performance was led by electrical and
electronic products, textiles, footwear, clothing, processed
food, timber, chemical and rubber products, he told a news
conference.
    However, total gross exports for the year declined by 5.6
pct to 35.9 billion ringgit from 38 billion in 1985 due to a
fall in major commodity exports and weak prices, he said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16139>
Member states of the European
Community are starting to run out of patience with Japan which
they believe has repeatedly promised major initiatives to open
its market to imports, but as often made only minor moves.
    Diplomatic sources here said several recent actions by EC
countries bear witness to a new disillusionment with the
willingness, or at least the ability, of the Japanese
government to reduce its massive trade surplus with the EC.
    However, they said an all-out trade war may be far off, as
EC states know they would suffer almost as much as Japan.
    Senior EC diplomats gave a generally favourable reaction to
an EC executive commission proposal under which the EC could
raise tariffs on a range of Japanese products if the U.S.
Carries out a threat to make a similar move on April 17.
    The EC tariffs, which would involve renouncing obligations
entered into with the world trade body GATT, would be designed
to stop a diversion of exports to the EC market from that of
the U.S.
    The diplomats were meeting as Tokyo announced that the EC's
trade deficit with Japan reached a record 2.13 billion dlrs in
March, up from 1.94 billion in February.
    In 1986, Japanese exports to the EC totalled 30.67 billion
dlrs, up 4.5 pct from 1985, while EC exports to Japan fell one
pct to 12.43 billion dlrs.
    In Paris, trade minister Michel Noir said France has
decided to give Japan a taste of its own medicine.
    Burgeoning imports of microwave ovens and of frozen
Coquilles St Jacques will be restricted by a strict application
of French quality standards -- something EC states say often
happens to their own exports entering Japan.
    Britain has threatened to withdraw the licences of Japanese
banks and insurance companies to operate in the City of London,
because the British Cable and Wireless company lost out in
competition for a Japanese telecommucations contract.
    However, British officials in London have said that the
government may have gone too far in implying that it would take
immediate drastic action unless the contract was reopened.
    By contrast, West Germany, with the EC's most successful
economy, has never threatened Tokyo with sanctions, preferring
to rely on firm diplomacy and encouragement of its own
industries to surmount obstacles to export to Japan.
    The EC Commission itself has switched its tactics in recent
years, substituting general calls for action by Japan to open
its market with specific demands for moves in key areas.
    At present, it is, for instance, pressuring Japan to end
allegedly discriminatory taxation of imported wines and
spirits, to ensure EC companies have a chance to win contracts
for the building of a new international airport, and to
simplify certification and safety checks on imported cars.
    EC officials say these tactics yield some benefits, but
often the Japanese announce modifications of their non-tariff
barriers which open the door to imports by only a token amount.
    They stress, however, that any action must be taken by the
EC as a whole to stop beggar-my-neighbour action.
    One of the problems Britain could face if it were to
withdraw licences for Japanese banks would be that the bankers
would be welcomed with open arms in Frankfurt or Amsterdam,
they point out.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16190>
Japanese trade figures are seriously
challenging the entrenched view of policy makers of the Group
of Seven industrialised nations that relative currency rates
are the key to smoothing world trade problems.
    Senior Japanese, U.S. And European officials in Tokyo say
they are at a loss to fully explain the data, for if currencies
are the key they ask, why then are are U.S. Exports to Japan
shrinking?
    What if manipulating currencies and driving the dollar down
made world trade problems worse rather than solving them,
fulfilling Federal Reserve chairman Paul Volcker's forecast of
world trade recession?
    U.S.-Japan trade has declined even after a 40 pct dollar
fall against the yen since the September 1985 Group of Five
pact in New York.
    The lower dollar ought to have made U.S. Exports 40 pct
more competitive in Japan. The officials, most of them
economists, can offer no objective reason why they are not.
    Worse, how are European Community sales to Japan rising
rapidly when the European Currency Unit has until now declined
only 11 pct against the yen.?
    Last week's G-7 meeting in Washington has been widely
interpreted as a sign from the policy makers that the dollar
must go lower. So worst of all, what if Volcker is correct?
    At a loss to give an objective explanation, officials can
only offer explanations which tend to be highly subjective.
    "I don't know and I don't think anyone knows," said Hugh
Richardson, acting head of the EC delegation in Tokyo.
    "What I do know is that Community exporters are making a
hell of an effort in this market. If you make an effort, there
is money to be made in Japan," he added.
    But U.S. Officials and businessmen are convinced low U.S.
Exports to Japan are Japan's fault. They cite restrictive trade
practices, protected Japanese trade sectors, such as
agriculture, and non-tariff barriers, such as unreasonable
checking and customs procedures for car imports.
    Publicly, Japanese officials remain conciliatory in the
face of what they see as U.S. Aggression. In private, they
blame U.S. Industry for being uncompetitive.
    "We see it that way, but we don't like to seem arrogant,"
said a senior official, who declined to be named. "We like to
refrain from accusing them of not making enough effort."
    Industrialists such as Eishiro Saito, chairman of the
Keidanren business group, and Sony Corp chairman Akio Morita
repeatedly accuse foreign firms of not making enough effort to
understand Japan's markets, and some foreigners agree. "The real
issue is the inability of major sectors of American and
European industry to compete not only internationally but even
in their home markets," Peter Huggler, President of Interallianz
Bank Zurich, told a recent conference in Switzerland.
REUTER...^M
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16256>
Member states of the European
Community are starting to run out of patience with Japan which
they believe has repeatedly promised major initiatives to open
its market to imports, but as often made only minor moves.
    Diplomatic sources here said several recent actions by EC
countries bear witness to a new disillusionment with the
willingness, or at least the ability, of the Japanese
government to reduce its massive trade surplus with the EC.
    However, they said an all-out trade war may be far off, as
EC states know they would suffer almost as much as Japan.
   Senior EC diplomats gave a generally favourable reaction to
an EC executive commission proposal under which the EC could
raise tariffs on a range of Japanese products if the U.S.
Carries out a threat to make a similar move on April 17.
    The EC tariffs, which would involve renouncing obligations
entered into with the world trade body GATT, would be designed
to stop a diversion of exports to the EC market from that of
the U.S.
    The diplomats were meeting as Tokyo announced that the EC's
trade deficit with Japan reached a record 2.13 billion dlrs in
March, up from 1.94 billion in February.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16257>
The European Community (EC) has
effectively given Japan six weeks to take moves to open its
market to imports before it decides on possible tough
retaliatory trade measures, EC diplomats said.
    They said EC foreign ministers will meet on May 25 and 26
to review the state of trade relations between the two sides.
    The EC executive commission was asked by representatives of
member states on Friday to propose a renunciation of some EC
pledges to the world trade body, GATT, unless there are
"adequate and early measures to open the Japanese market."
    Such a renunciation would be the first step to imposing
stiff increases in duties, or quantitative limits, on Japanese
exports.
    The diplomats said it was unlikely that the issue would be
discussed in detail at the next meeting of EC foreign ministers
on April 27 and 28 in Luxembourg as time was needed to prepare
proposals for possible retaliatory action.
    They said the commission has powers to take some limited
action before getting ministerial approval to prevent Japanese
exports of electrical, photographic and other goods being
diverted to Europe following of possible U.S. Tariff moves.
    In May, the ministers are also likely to discuss how to
prevent Japan from getting an extra trading advantage as a
result of Spain and Portugal joining the bloc, which obliges
them gradually to reduce tariffs on many industrial goods.
    Japan's trade surplus with the Community has grown
steadily, registering a record 2.13 billion dlrs in March.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16357>
Taiwan announced plans for another round
of import tariff cuts on 862 foreign goods shortly before trade
talks with Washington which officials described as a move to
help balance trade with the United States.
    Wang Der-Hwa, Deputy Director of the Finance Ministry's
Customs Administration Department, told reporters the list of
products included 60 items asked by Washington.
    "The move is part of our government efforts to encourage
imports from our trading partners, particularly from the United
States," he said.
    He said the ministry sent a proposal today to the cabinet
that the tariffs on such products as cosmetics, bicycles,
apples, radios, garments, soybeans and television sets be cut
by between five and 50 pct.
    The cabinet was expected to give its approval next Thursday
and the new tariff cuts would be implemented possibly starting
on April 20, he added.
    Taiwan introduced a sweeping tariff cut on some 1,700
foreign products last January aimed at helping reduce its
growing trade surplus with the United States, the island's
largest trading partner.
    Washington however was not satisfied with the cuts and
pressed for more reductions as a way of cutting its huge trade
deficit with Taipei.
    Washington's deficit with Taipei rose to a record 13.6
billion U.S. Dlrs last year from 10.2 billion in 1985. It
widened to 3.61 billion in the first quarter of 1987 from 2.78
billion a year earlier, Taiwan's official figures show.
    Today's announcement came before a departure later today of
a 15-member Taiwan delegation for Washington for a series of
trade talks with U.S. Officials.
    The delegation's leader, Vincent Siew, told reporters last
night he was leaving with "a heavy heart," meaning that he would
face tough talks in Washington because of rising protectionist
sentiments in the U.S. Congress. Taiwan's 1986 trade surplus
with Washington was the third largest, after Japan and Canada.
    Siew said the talks, starting on April 14, would cover U.S.
Calls for Taiwan to open its market to American products,
purchases of major U.S. Machinery and power plant equipment,
import tariff cuts and protection of intellectual property.
    "I am afraid this time we have to give more than take from
our talks with the U.S.," he said without elaborating.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16442>
The February monthly merchandise
trade figures to be reported Tuesday by the Commerce Department
will be on a new basis reflecting more recent data, so avoiding
future revisions of the monthly figure, Commerce officials
said.
    The overall January deficit of 14.8 billion dlrs will be
revised, but the February figure will be a final one, officials
said.
    Previously, the initial monthly figure has had to be
revised in subsequent months because of the time lag between
the report and the compiling of final estimates on imports and
exports.
    The reporting of the February trade data was delayed
several weeks to permit gathering latest figures on imports and
exports to give a clearer picture of the monthly trade balance.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16505>
The February monthly merchandise
trade figures to be reported Tuesday by the Commerce Department
will be on a new basis reflecting more recent data, so avoiding
future revisions of the monthly figure, Commerce officials
said.
    The overall January deficit of 14.8 billion dlrs will be
revised, but the February figure will be a final one, officials
said.
    Previously, the initial monthly figure has had to be
revised in subsequent months because of the time lag between
the report and the compiling of final estimates on imports and
exports.
    The reporting of the February trade data was delayed
several weeks to permit gathering latest figures on imports and
exports to give a clearer picture of the monthly trade balance.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16745>
Japanese Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa
told a press conference he expects the U.S. Trade deficit to
eventually start reflecting economic fundamentals, which should
influence exchange rates.
    The minister was not referring to the U.S. Trade data to be
released in Washington later today.
    Miyazawa also said he told major industrial nations when he
was in Washington last week that present exchange rates are not
necessarily good. He had said earlier in Washington that
current exchange rates were within levels implied in the
February Paris currency accord.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16763>
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng
has asked Japan to open its farm market further to help
Washington cut its trade deficit and ease protectionist
pressures, an Agriculture Ministry official told reporters.
    Hideo Maki, Director General of the ministry's Economic
Affairs Bureau, quoted Lyng as telling Agriculture Minister
Mutsuki Kato that the removal of import restrictions would help
Japan as well as the United States.
    The meeting with Kato opened a 12-day visit to Japan by
Lyng, who is here to dicuss farm trade.
    However, Maki quoted Kato as replying that Japan was
already the world's largest grain importer.
    Kato added Japan is the largest customer for U.S. Grain and
depended on domestic output for only 53 pct of its food
requirements in 1985.
    Lyng said the U.S. Put high priority on talks on 12 farm
products named in U.S. Complaints against Japan to the General
Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) last year, as well as on
beef, citrus products and rice.
    Kato said Japan will maintain its current level of
self-sufficiency and will try not to produce surplus rice
because potential production is higher than domestic demand.
    The world farm market suffers from surpluses because of
rising production by exporting countries, he added.
    Lyng said the U.S. Has been trying to reduce farm product
output with expensive programs, Maki said.
    Maki said the U.S. And Japan will hold detailed discussions
on each trade item as well as a new round of GATT trade talks
at a meeting on April 20, in which U.S. Trade Representative
Clayton Yeutter will join.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16766>
The Washington Post said the U.S.
Commerce Department yesterday issued a new report showing that
the U.S. Merchandise trade deficit was 13.65 billion dollars in
February, a reduction of 1.4 billion dlrs from the 15.06
billion figure the department reported only two days earlier.
    The newspaper said: "News of the unexpectedly large 15
billion deficit helped batter the dollar's value on foreign
exchange markets and boosted U.S. Interest rates.
    "However, the new report went largely unnoticed by financial
markets since such a downward revision in the deficit is a
monthly occurrence."
    The Washington Post said: "By law, the department must first
publish what a top commerce official agreed are misleading
trade figures and then wait 48 hours before putting out the
more accurate ones."
    No one was immediately available at the Commerce Department
for comment on the Washington Post report.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16774>
Japan's Liberal Democratic Party (LDP)
has drawn up a detailed plan calling for large tax cuts and an
increase in government purchases of foreign goods, the head of
the committee working out the plan, Junichiro Koizumi, said.
    The plan will also urge the government to double 1985's
official development assistance to 7.6 billion dlrs within five
years instead of seven as the government had promised, senior
LDP officials said at a press conference.
    LDP executive council chairman Shintaro Abe will explain
the plan to U.S. Officials when he visits the U.S. On April 19.
    Abe's visit is to prepare for Prime Minister Yasuhiro
Nakasone's talks with President Ronald Reagan later this month.
    Koizumi said the LDP plan will not specify the size of the
tax cut or the amount of domestic demand to be stimulated.
However, top LDP executives will work out figures so that Abe
will be able to offer specifics to U.S. Officials.
    The proposed increase in procurement of foreign goods by
the government will probably include the purchase of super
computers, LDP officials said.

specific trade problems with other nations and will encourage
flows of funds to developing countries, the officials said.
    The LDP expects the measures to prop up the economy and
lessen trade problems with the U.S., They added.
    The basic ideas of the LDP's plan were presented to and
welcomed by monetary authorities of the major industrial
nations in Washington last week, they said.
    The LDP plan will form the basis for the last of several
packages to stimulate Japanese domestic demand and will be
unveiled by the government in late May.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16775>
China's trade deficit in the first
quarter fell to 1.05 billion dlrs from 3.04 billion in the same
1986 period, customs figures show.
    Zhang Zhongji, spokesman of the State Statistical Bureau,
quoted the figures as showing exports rose 27 pct to 7.28
billion dlrs and imports fell 5.1 pct to 8.33 billion.
    He said if imports of gifts, foreign aid items and
materials for joint ventures are excluded, the deficit was only
350 mln dlrs, and the surplus on invisibles was 700 mln. As a
result, foreign exchange reserves increased somewhat from their
level at end-1986, he said, but gave no figure.
    Official figures show the reserves at 10.514 billion dlrs
at end-1986, down from 11.9 billion at end-1985.
    Zhang said one reason for the rise in exports was improved
incentives to export firms, which are being allowed to retain
more foreign exchange from the goods they sell.
    He said first quarter exports to Hong Kong and Macao rose
35.5 pct to 2.48 billion dlrs and imports rose 55.3 pct to 1.46
billion. Exports to Japan fell 2.3 pct to 1.28 billion and
imports 24.4 pct to 2.14 billion.
    Exports to the U.S. Rose 23 pct to 640 mln dlrs and imports
fell 26.7 pct to 840 mln. Exports to the EEC rose 35.1 pct to
770 mln dlrs and imports fell 3.8 pct to 1.5 billion, he said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16777>
Basic reform of Japan's protected farm
sector is a key to shifting its economy away from export to
domestic-led growth, a vital step if it is to trim its trade
surplus, securities analysts said.
    The farm sector, which is protected by import tariffs and
quotas, propped up by subsidies and price supports, and
sheltered by the tax system, has ample room for change, they
said.
    "In economic terms, reform would be a plus," said Christopher
Chew of brokerage firm James Capel and Co.
    The ultimate cost of the existing system is food prices
twice those in Europe and two to three times those in the U.S.,
The analysts said.
    Spending on food accounts for about one quarter of the
average household's budget and roughly 10 pct of the gross
national product (GNP), according to a study by Chew.
    Reducing these prices could increase household spending
power by five pct, his study said. The money could be spent on
products which would have a more direct impact in boosting
domestic growth, it added.
    "There's a lot of slack," a U.S. Government official in Tokyo
said. "All that money could be spent on something else."
    Direct central government subsidies to the farm sector
amount to some five billion dlrs per year. Independent
estimates put total subsidies from all sources as high as 37
billion and the analysts said much of that money is wasted.
    Changing tax laws to encourage city residents who only farm
on weekends to put their land up for sale for residential
development would also give a boost to domestic spending,
economists said.
    "Housing construction is the key strategic variable in the
expansion of domestic demand," wrote Chihiro Nakajima, professor
at Kyoto Gakuen University.
    Japanese business groups are calling for staged farm reform
to shift some of the burden of trade friction and economic
restructuring away from the manufacturing sector and onto the
farm sector. Employers groups also want change. "If you really
want to expand domestic demand, the way to do it is not to
raise wages recklessly, but to reduce commodity prices," Bumpei
Otsuki, President of the Japan Federation of Employers'
Associations told a recent press conference.
    External pressures are rising as the U.S. And Europe seek
removal of tariffs and quotas to help reduce their trade
deficits with Japan.
    But vested Japanese interests opposed to change remain well
entrenched, dimming prospects for quick reform, analysts said.
    Although the full-time farm population is falling and there
are signs the LDP is paying more attention to urban
constituencies, the ruling party remains heavily dependent on
farm votes in the rural areas. One rural vote is worth several
city votes due to the pattern of constituency borders.
    The LDP is already in political trouble over its tax reform
plan and does not want to raise another sticky issue so soon,
the analysts said.
    Consumer groups are politically weak and tend to accept the
traditional view that higher prices are a small fee to pay for
national food security, they said.
    Powerful agricultural cooperatives are fiercely opposed to
import liberalisation, but are more flexible about reforms
aimed at stepping up productivity, they said.
    Reform, when it comes, will be in response to specific
pressure rather than an all-embracing program, said Chew.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16784>
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng
opens talks with Japanese government officials today well aware
his demand for the opening of Japanese rice, beef and citrus
markets is likely to be rejected.
     But in an interview with Reuters during the flight to
Tokyo yesterday, Lyng said the goal of his trip was to throw an
international spotlight on Japan's agricultural import
protection in the hope pressure would build on Tokyo to open
its markets.
    "(The Japanese) have said they are happy we are coming, but
they are not going to give us anything," Lyng said.
    U.S. Officials do not expect any Japanese concessions
during Lyng's two-week visit here. Any farm trade concessions
would be unveiled later this month, they said.
    "If there is anything of consequence to offer (Prime
Minister Yasuhiro) Nakasone would take it with him," when he
visits Washington later in the month, one U.S. Official said.
    Lyng plans to ask Japan to open the door to rice imports by
partially lifting the longstanding ban on foreign purchases.
    A private U.S. Rice trader visited Tokyo last week
requesting Japan buy 200,000 tonnes of rice for industrial uses
such as making sake. Japan has rejected the overture, saying
Tokyo maintains a policy of self-sufficiency in rice.
    Lyng will also press Japan to eliminate an import quota for
beef by April 1988 because he believes Japanese consumers would
like to buy much more beef than currently allowed.
    He cited the example of a California company which
transports live U.S. Cattle to Japan by air for slaughter to
circumvent the beef quota. The cost of transport is higher than
the value of the animal, he said.
    U.S. Officials said the Japan Livestock Industry Promotion
Corporation which regulates beef imports, was forced to borrow
from the fiscal 1987 quota earlier this year because the 1986
quota was exhausted and Japanese beef prices were rising. Japan
has said it cannot open its markets to beef imports.
    Along with beef, the U.S. Will also press Japan to
eliminate import quotas on fresh oranges and orange juice by
April, 1988. Some U.S. Officials believe Japan may eventually
be willing to scrap the quota on fresh oranges because
liberalized trade would not necessarily damage the Japanese
mandarin orange industry.
    The quota on juice may be harder to eliminate because
imports might replace domestic produced juice, U.S. And
Japanese officials have said.
   Lyng has resurrected a past U.S. Proposal that Japan buy
surplus U.S. Foodgrains for donation to developing countries,
but some U.S. Officials are skeptical action will be taken.
   Lyng will also urge Japan to put its domestic farm policies,
including rice, on the negotiating table during GATT talks in
Geneva. He said Japan must eliminate import quotas on certain
minor food products or face possible U.S. Reprisals.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16787>
Japan's Liberal Democratic Party (LDP)
has drawn up a detailed plan calling for large tax cuts and an
increase in government purchases of foreign goods, the head of
the committee working out the plan, Junichiro Koizumi, said.
    The plan will also urge the government to double 1985's
official development assistance to 7.6 billion dlrs within five
years instead of seven as the government had promised, senior
LDP officials said at a press conference.
    LDP executive council chairman Shintaro Abe will explain
the plan to U.S. Officials when he visits the U.S. On April 19.
    Abe's visit is to prepare for Prime Minister Yasuhiro
Nakasone's talks with President Ronald Reagan later this month.
    Koizumi said the LDP plan will not specify the size of the
tax cut or the amount of domestic demand to be stimulated.
However, top LDP executives will work out figures so that Abe
will be able to offer specifics to U.S. Officials.
    The proposed increase in procurement of foreign goods by
the government will probably include the purchase of super
computers, LDP officials said.
    According to the plan, Japan will also strive to solve
specific trade problems with other nations and will encourage
flows of funds to developing countries, the officials said.
    The LDP expects the measures to prop up the economy and
lessen trade problems with the U.S., They added.
    The basic ideas of the LDP's plan were presented to and
welcomed by monetary authorities of the major industrial
nations in Washington last week, they said.
    The LDP plan will form the basis for the last of several
packages to stimulate Japanese domestic demand and will be
unveiled by the government in late May.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16788>
U.S. Commerce Secretary Malcolm
Baldrige leaves on Saturday on a 10-day trip to the Far East to
help spur U.S. Trade and improve business relations with China,
South Korea and the Philippines, U.S. Officials say.
    Baldrige will also stop in Hong Kong to meet British
officials and local U.S. And Hong Kong businessmen.
    The U.S. Last year had major deficits with three of its
Asian trading partners -- South Korea 7.1 billion dlrs, Hong
Kong 6.4 billion and China 2.1 billion. The deficit with the
Philippines was 800 mln dlrs.
    Baldrige will meet South Korean President Chun Doo-hwan and
Trade Minister Rha Woong Bae on Monday to discuss opening South
Korean markets to more U.S. Goods.
    Baldrige will be in Peking from April 21 to 24. He will
meet Zheng Tuobin, minister for foreign economic relations and
trade, attend a meeting of the U.S.-China Joint Commission on
Commerce and Trade and address a management and training
organisation.
    However, U.S. Officials said a chief purpose of Baldrige's
visit would be to discuss relaxed U.S. Rules for transferring
modern technology to Chinese industries.
    In Hong Kong, Baldrige will hold meetings on April 27 with
Governor David Wilson and Trade and Industry Secretary Eric Ho,
as well as addressing the American Chamber of Commerce.
    U.S. Officials said Baldrige will meet Philippines
President Corazon Aquino on April 28 to show continued U.S.
Support for her government and to discuss steps it could take
to improve the atmosphere for American investment.
    He will also will meet Finance Secretary Jaime Ongpin and
Trade and Industry Secretary Jose Concepcion.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16790>
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng
has asked Japan to open its farm market further to help
Washington cut its trade deficit and ease protectionist
pressures, an Agriculture Ministry official told reporters.
    Hideo Maki, Director General of the ministry's Economic
Affairs Bureau, quoted Lyng as telling Agriculture Minister
Mutsuki Kato that the removal of import restrictions would help
Japan as well as the United States.
    The meeting with Kato opened a 12-day visit to Japan by
Lyng, who is here to dicuss farm trade.
    However, Maki quoted Kato as replying that Japan was
already the world's largest grain importer.
    Kato added Japan is the largest customer for U.S. Grain and
depended on domestic output for only 53 pct of its food
requirements in 1985.
    Lyng said the U.S. Put high priority on talks on 12 farm
products named in U.S. Complaints against Japan to the General
Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) last year, as well as on
beef, citrus products and rice.
    Kato said Japan will maintain its current level of
self-sufficiency and will try not to produce surplus rice
because potential production is higher than domestic demand.
    The world farm market suffers from surpluses because of
rising production by exporting countries, he added.
    Lyng said the U.S. Has been trying to reduce farm product
output with expensive programs, Maki said.
    Maki said the U.S. And Japan will hold detailed discussions
on each trade item as well as a new round of GATT trade talks
at a meeting on April 20, in which U.S. Trade Representative
Clayton Yeutter will join.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16794>
President Reagan today is to
announce a decision on tough new tariffs on Japanese exports to
retaliate for what he calls Japan's failure to end its unfair
practices in semiconductor trade.
    The 100 pct tariffs are to be imposed on 300 mln dlrs of
Japanese goods recommended for curbs by a special panel of
experts headed by the U.S. Trade Representative's Office.
    Reagan announced last March 27 he would impose the tariffs
on certain goods taken from a list that ranged from computors
and television sets to power tools and photographic film.
    The panel this week winnowed through the list of the some
20 products and sent their recommendations yesterday to Santa
Barbara, where Reagan is vacationing.
    In his March annoucement, Reagan said "I am committed to
full enforcement of our trade agreements designed to provide
American industry with free and fair trade opportunities."
    He added the tariffs would be lifted once Japan honored the
pact it signed last year to end dumping semiconductors in world
markets and opened its home market to U.S. products.
    U.S. officials said Japan had done nothing since the March
announcement to alter Reagan's plan to invoke the sanctions.
    White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater said yesterday:  "we
do not want a trade war, but we feel that this is the kind of
action that requires meaningful action."
    Reagan's move follows steadily rising U.S. trade deicits,
with last year's hitting a record $169.8 billion.
    About one-third of the deficit is in trade with Japan.
    Congress is weighing a trade bill to force the president to
retaliate in certain cases of unfair trade practices.
    He has opposed the legislation, saying it would prevent
negotiated solutions to trade disputes and, in any case, that
existing law was adqeuate to end unfair trade practices.
    Trade experts say his tough action against the Japanese was
as much to penalize the Japanese as to show Congress he did not
need any new trade legislation.
    The Japanese have complained that they have been honoring
the semiconductor pact, but that it would take time before the
results showed up.
    U.S. officials, however, have said their monitoring of
Japanese semiconductor shipments to East Asian countries and
Western Europe showed no letup in the dumping and that the
Japanese home markets remained shut to American exports.
    Japan has said that if Reagan imposed the tariffs, it would
file a complaint with the General Agreement on Tariff and Trade
(GATT).
    It said hoped GATT would find the U.S. retaliation had
violated the regulations of the global trading group and would
approve compensation or Japanese retaliation.
    U.S. officials have said they did not think Japan would
retaliate because it had too much to lose in any trade war with
the United States.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16856>
U.S. Trade Representative Clayton
Yeutter said it was all but certain President Reagan would go
ahead today and impose curbs on Japanese exports as planned.
    Asked in a television interview what the chance was for
Reagan to cancel the scheduled 100 pct tariffs on Japanese
electronic exports, he said "slim to none."
    Reagan announced on March 27 he would impose the tariffs to
retaliate for Japan's failure to honor a 1986 agreement to end
dumping computer semiconductors in world markets at less than
cost and to open its home markets to U.S. products.
    Yeutter, on the NBC program "Today," said the United States
did not want to terminate the agreement and would drop
the tariffs once Japan began fulfilling the agreement.
    He said Japanese negotiators last week told U.S. officials
they were honoring the pact, but Yeutter said it would take
time to monitor any compliance.
    Asked how long that would take, he said "We want to see a
pattern of compliance, so in a minimum I would say that would
take a few weeks."
    Yeutter said he did not think there would be much consumer
impact by the tariffs on 300 mln dlrs worth of Japanese goods
because the items selected are also readily available from
other countries and manufacturers.
    He said he did not think Japan would retaliate.
    "It seems to me it is not in the interests of either country
to get in an escalating conflict.  The Japanese understand that
full well," Yeutter said.
    He added Japan might challenge the tariffs in the General
Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT), but "that's more of a
paper kind of exercise and I don't really expect to see any
adverse impact on U.S. trade."
    Yeutter also said he did not see any way the semiconductor
issue could be resolved before or during a Washington visit
later this month by Japanese Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone.
    He said he hoped the visit, which is to have trade as a
major issue, would be productive but "I don't see any practical
way to resolve this particular dispute before or during his
visit."
 reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16871>
The Commerce Department said on that
insurance and freight costs for imported goods of 1.45 billion
dlrs were included in the February trade deficit of 15.1
billion dlrs reported on Tuesday.
    The department is required by law to wait 48 hours after
the initial trade report to issue a second report on a "customs
value" basis, which eliminates the freight and insurance
charges from the cost of imports.
    Private-sector economists emphasized that the Commerce
Department was not revising down the deficit by 1.45 billion
dlrs but simply presenting the figures on a different basis.
    A report in the Washington Post caused a stir in the
foreign exchanges today because it gave the impression, dealers
said, that the underlying trade deficit for February had been
revised downward.
    The Commerce department would like to have the law changed
to permit it to report both sets of figures simultaneously.
    "My feeling is the second one is a better report but there's
legislation that requires us to delay it two days," said Robert
Ortner, Commerce undersecretary for economic affairs.
    "But this has been going on for a long time and no one pays
any attention to the second figure."
    The 15.1 billion dlr February trade deficit compared with a
revised January deficit of 12.3 billion dlrs.
    The law requiring a 48-hour delay in publishing the monthly
trade figure excluding freight and insurance was passed in
1979.
    Reportedly the feeling was the first figure, which includes
customs, freight and insurance, allowed a better comparison
with other countries that reported their trade balances on the
same basis.
    The second figure, which would always be lower by deducting
freight and insurance, presents the deficit in a more favorable
light for the Reagan administration.
    Ortner said he would like to see the law changed to
eliminate the 48-hour delay in reporting the two figures.
    "We're considering it," he said, "It's one of those dinosaur
laws and I think it's time has come."
    The second figure, which would always be lower by deducting
freight and insurance, presents the deficit in a more favorable
light for the Reagan administration.
    Ortner said he would like to see the law changed to
eliminate the 48-hour delay in reporting the two figures.
    "We're considering it," he said, "It's one of those dinosaur
laws and I think its time has come."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16926>
The tough trade sanctions President
Reagan imposed on Japanese exports are not only a shot across
Japan's bow but also a sign Reagan will attack unfair trade
practices worldwide, U.S. officials said.
    But Robert Crandall, a trade specialist at Brookings
Institution, a think tank, said "a shot across their bow can
often result in a shot in our stern."
    He said it left the United States open to retaliation.
    The U.S. officials said the 100 pct tariffs Reagan ordered
on 300 mln dlrs worth of Japanese goods will also show Congress
that a tough pro-trade stand can be taken under existing laws,
and no new protectionist legislation is needed.
    In the past year tough trade action had been taken against
the European Community over corn and sorghum, Taiwan over beer
and wine, South Korea over counterfeiting of copyrights,
patents and trademarkets and Japan on tobacco.
    White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater told reporters the
tariffs - up from five pct - should be seen as a "serious signal"
to other nations on the need for fair trade practices.
    Reagan said he imposed the sanctions on certain computers,
television sets and some hand tools because Japan did not honor
an agreement to end dumping semiconductors in world markets at
less than cost and to open its markets to U.S. products. The
tariffs were placed on items which were available from other
sources so there would be little effect on the American
consumer, Fitzwater said.
    Reagan has come under heavy pressure to take tougher action
- especially against Japan - to end global unfair trade
practices and reverse the growing U.S. trade deficit.
    The alternative was that if he did not, Congress would.
    The U.S. trade gap last year was a record 169.8 billion
dlrs, and continues to rise, with Japan accounting for about
one-third of America's overall deficit.
    But there are other two-way deficits - with Canada, West
Germany, Taiwan and South Korea - and Reagan officials said the
president is ready to fight them all.
    Reagan said in announcing the sanctions today that "I regret
that these actions are necessary," but that the health and
vitality of the U.S. semiconductor industry was essential to
American competitiveness in world markets.
    "We cannot allow it to be jeopardized by unfair trading
practices," Reagan added in the statement from his California
vacation home at Santa Barbara.
    He said the tariffs would remain in force until Japan
abided by the agreement.
    U.S. officials say the action today will show Congress -
which is about to write a trade bill he does not like - that he
already has the tools needed to fight unfair trade.
    The White House aide said of the tariff action, "it wasn't
done to appease Congress, but because there was an unfair trade
practice."
    The aide added, however, "on another plane, it was an
example of how the administration uses the trade law to fight
unfair practices, an that it is not necessary to make a major
overall of our trade laws."
    But the analyst, Crandall, said the tariff action was not
in the best interests of the United States, and that
negotiations should have been pursued to resolve the issue.
    "It's very dangerous to go down the retaliatory route," he
said, "because it leads to more retaliation and restrictions in
trade."
    Crandall said, "the administration is doing this for its
political impact across the country, and therefore its impact
on Congress."
    He said, "I don't think it makes a lot of sense."
    But other analysts said it made little difference whether
the tariffs were aimed at U.S. trading partners or Congress,
and that the main point was that the trading partners were on
notice that retaliation was a weapon Reagan was ready to use.
    Spokesman Fitzwater said "we don't want a trade war," but the
imposition of sanctions showed the United States would act when
it had evidence that trade pacts were being violated.
    Crandall said, "the administration is doing this for its
political impact across the country, and therefore its impact
on Congress."
    He said, "I don't think it makes a lot of sense."
    But other analysts said it made little difference whether
the tariffs were aimed at U.S. trading partners or Congress,
and that the main point was that the trading partners were on
notice that retaliation was a weapon Reagan was ready to use.
    Spokesman Fitzwater said "we don't want a trade war," but the
imposition of sanctions showed the United States would act when
it had evidence that trade pacts were being violated.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16929>
U.S. Trade Representative Clayton
Yeutter said he was almost sure Japan would not retaliate
against tariffs President Reagan slapped on 300 mln dlrs of
Japanese electronic goods today.
    "I'd say it's 99 plus pct sure that it (the tariffs) will
not provoke a retaliation on American products," Yeutter told
Cable News Network.
    "Japan has far too much at stake in this relationship (with
the United States) to seriously entertain thoughts of
retaliation," Yeutter said.
    Earlier today, Reagan 
imposed 100 pct tariffs on a range of
Japanese goods in retaliation for Japan's alleged violation of
a bilateral pact governing semiconductor trade.
    Yeutter did say that U.S. farm products would be targeted
if Tokyo decided to hit back.
    "If they (Japan) were to retaliate, it would probably be on
something like American agricultural products," he said.
    "But I really think the chances of that happening are
between slim and none," he added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16932>
Japan does not plan to take immediate
retaliatory action against implementation of U.S. Tariffs on
some Japanese electronic goods, the minister of international
trade and industry, Hajime Tamura, said in a statement.
    Japan requested bilateral consultations in accordance with
Article 23-1 of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
(GATT) in Washington yesterday.
    Tamura said there was deep regret over the U.S. Measures,
which will impose 100 pct tariffs on about 300 mln dlrs worth
of Japanese imports of some small computers, colour television
sets and power tools.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17449>
South Korea will cut import taxes on 50
items, including construction equipment, photographic film,
cigarettes and pipe tobacco, to help reduce its trade surplus
with the United States, the finance ministry said.
    The tariff cuts, of between five and 30 percentage points,
take effect on July 1.
    This brings to 157 the number of goods on which import
taxes have been cut this year, a ministry official said.
    The 157 are among about 290 items on which Washington has
asked Seoul to lower tariffs, he added.
    Today's announcement follows Saturday's removal of import
curbs on 170 products. For 46 of those products, the U.S. Had
had sought free access to the South Korean market.
    "This is in line with the government's policy to limit our
trade surplus with the United States to help reduce trade
friction between the two countries," the official said.
    South Korea's trade surplus with the U.S. Rose to 7.3
billion dlrs in 1986 from 4.3 billion in 1985. Officials said
the surplus was expected to widen further in 1987 but Seoul
would try to hold it below eight billion dlrs.
    The finance ministry said tariffs would be cut later this
month on a further 53 items, including acrylic yarn and
ethylene, by an average 7.7 percentage points in order to check
inflation.
    The officials said the tariff cuts would contribute to
holding wholesale and consumer price rises at less than three
pct this year.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17452>
The use of tariffs and quotas to
reduce the flow of foreign goods into the United States will do
little to cut the nation's swelling trade deficit, a government
study said.
    In fact, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) report said,
such protectionist policies could make U.S. Products less
competitive in the world marketplace by raising the cost of
imported products that are re-exported in different forms.
    "Such policies are much more likely to hurt, rather than
help, the productive capabilities of the U.S. Economy," it said.
    The 218-page report, written by FTC economists John Hilke
and Philip Nelson, blamed the rising trade shortfall, which
climbed to a record 166.3 billion dlrs last year, on shifting
currency exchange rates and growing U.S consumer demand.
    Other factors commonly blamed for the deficit, such as
foreign trade practices, deteriorating U.S. Industrial
competitiveness, high labour costs and government restrictions
on mergers, added little to the problem, it said.
    "Although each industry's competitiveness affects the level
of imports and exports in that industry, in general we find
that there have been no significant industry-specific changes
affecting competitiveness that would explain the increase in
the overall trade deficit," the study said.
    "To the extent any government action is needed to deal with
the trade deficits, policies should focus on economy-wide
phenomena such as exchange rates and relative economic growth,"
the FTC study said.
    Supporting its conclusion that broad-based economic shifts
were the cause of the increase in the trade deficit, the report
said it found that nearly all U.S. Industries lost some
domestic market share to foreign competitors in the 1980s.
    It also said it found a "fairly direct relationship" between
the increased trade deficit and the influence of shifting
currency exchange rates, U.S. Economic growth and domestic
demand for goods and services, which has outpaced foreign
consumer demand.
    The study examined seven factors which have been commonly
blamed for the trade deficit: foreign government subsidies and
trade barriers to protect foreign industries, a lack of
investment in U.S. Industry, declining research and development
in U.S. Industry, high labour costs, union work rules, the oil
prices rises of the 1970s and U.S. Antitrust regulations.
    In each case, the study found little or no evidence that
the factor had any impact on the trade deficit.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17511>
South Korea will cut import taxes on 50
goods, including construction equipment, cigarettes and
tobacco, to help reduce its trade surplus with the United
States, the Finance Ministry said today. The tariff cuts of
between five and 30 pct will take effect on July 1.
    South Korea ran a trade surplus of 7.3 billion dlrs with
Washington in 1986, sharply up from 4.3 billion in 1985.
    Today's announcement brings to 157 the number of goods for
which similar measures were taken this year, a ministry
official said. The 157 are among about 290 items on which
Washington has asked Seoul to lower tariffs.
    "This is in line with the government's policy to limit our
trade surplus with the United States to help reduce trade
friction between the two countries," said the official.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17670>
A trade bill before the United States
House of Representatives "is a very dangerous bill for Canadian
industry," Canadian Forest Industry Council chairman Adam
Zimmerman told reporters.
    By changing the definition of subsidy under U.S.
countervailing duty law, House of Representatives Bill 3
removes protection for companies that take advantage of widely
used government programs, Zimmerman told a media briefing.
    "Clearly, any industry to which Canadian governments grant
rights to fish, mine, cut timber, or produce power could be
vulnerable to a finding of a subsidy under this language," he
said.
    The Canadian forest lobby's Zimmerman also said the House
of Representative Bill would adopt a new way of measuring
subsidies that would greatly increase the size of any
countervailing duties that might be imposed on Canadian
resource exports to the U.S.
    Under the bill, any difference between Canadian prices and
U.S. or world market prices would constitute a subsidy, he
said. Such a method would make Canadian resource industries
vulnerable to similar penalties like a 15 pct export tax
imposed last January on shipments of Canadian softwood lumber
to the U.S., Zimmerman added.
    Canadian negotiators agreed to levy the new tax if a U.S.
forest industry lobby would drop its request for a countervail
duty on imports of Canadian softwood lumber.
    "We represent the first victim of the move to price other
countries' natural resources according to the U.S. system,"
Zimmerman said.
    "If we're an example, than other resource industries had
better watch out," he added.
    Zimmerman said the Canadian Forest Industry Council plans
to discuss concerns about the U.S. trade bill with lobby groups
from other Canadian resource industries.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17871>
The dollar's recent signs of stability
have raised hopes that its 27-month decline may be nearly over,
but most currency analysts refuse to commit themselves until
after the June 12 release of U.S. trade data for April.
    "The trade data will be a deciding factor to see if the
dollar has bottomed out," said Jim McGroarty of Discount Corp.
    Since February 1985, the dollar has nearly halved its value
against the yen and the mark as part of an officially
orchestrated campaign to make U.S. goods more competitive on
world markets and redress gaping world trade imbalances.
    On April 27, the dollar fell to a 40-year low of 137.25 yen
but has enjoyed a modest recovery over the last few weeks,
topping 145 yen today for the first time in nearly two months.
    Many economists now believe that the dollar has fallen far
enough to ease the trade deficit's drag on the U.S. economy.
    The U.S. trade gap narrowed to 13.6 billion dlrs in March
from 15.1 billion in February and is expected to show continued
improvement in April in volume, if not in real, terms.
    Keiichi Udagawa of Bank of Tokyo in New York said that if
further progress is reported, the dollar would head back up
towards 150 yen.
    "There is growing consensus that the dollar has bottomed
out for the medium term," added Tom Campbell of First National
Bank of Chicago.
    Other factors supporting this bullish view were growing
expectations that Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker would
be reappointed for a third four-year term in August, Japan's
larger-than-expected economic stimulus package last week and 
more favorably technical chart signals, analysts said.
    The dollar was also aided by Japan's moves to dampen
speculative selling in Tokyo and by reports of active central
bank intervention to support the dollar.
    The Federal Reserve Bank of New York said last week that
the U.S. monetary authorities bought more than four billion
dlrs during the February-April period -- the largest amount
since the dollar crisis of the late 1970's.
    Discount Corp's McGroarty described the Fed's intervention
volume as "impressive".
    James O'Neill of Marine Midland Bank was not so positive,
however: "the dollar has not yet bottomed out. After the trade
data are released, the dollar could fall towards 1.77 marks and
140 yen."
    Similarly, Natsuo Okada of Sumitomo Bank in New York
warned, "I don't think the dollar has bottomed out yet."
    Although the dollar could rise as high as 146.50 yen, Okada
said market impatience about the painstakingly slow decline of
the U.S. trade deficit may lead to renewed pressure.
    Currency analysts also warned about an unfavorable reaction
to the seven-nation economic Summit on June 8 to 10 in Venice,
which is likely to focus on the implementation of previous
commitments rather than yield any fresh initiatives.
    President Reagan said today, "economic policy decisions
made last year in Tokyo and at this year's meetings of Group of
Seven finance ministers in Paris and Washington cannot be
ignored or forgotten."
    "The commitments made at these meetings need to be
translated into action," he added in a speech, celebrating the
40th anniversary of the Marshall aid plan for Europe.
    Now that Tokyo has unveiled its fiscal stimulus package,
analysts expected Bonn and the dollar/mark rate to bear the
brunt of U.S. calls for further action.
    Marine Midland's O'Neill said, "pressure will build up on
Germany to take stimulative action like Japan."
    Some Japanese bank dealers warned that although the dollar
could hold above 145 yen for some months it could also come
under attack again if it seems the latest economic package is
not having much impact on Japan's economy and its trade
surplus. Reflecting a longer-term uncertainty, some some trust
banks and Japanese insurers are keeping their short dollar
positons hedged against exchange losses in their foreign
portfolios, while some others have started covering those short
positions, Japanese bank dealers said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17924>
The United Arab Emirates recorded a
1986 trade surplus of 12.2 billion dirhams, narrowing from 30.2
billion in 1985, the central bank's latest bulletin shows.
    The central bank said the lower surplus was mainly due to
the decline in the value of exports and re-exports to 37.2
billion dirhams from 54.2 billion in 1985. This reflected the
decline in oil prices last year and difficulties in marketing
UAE oil, the central bank added.
    The surplus on the current account narrowed to 6.8 billion
dirhams from 25.5 billion in 1985. The overall balance showed a
surplus of 4.8 billion after 2.6 billion in 1985.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17926>
The United Arab Emirates (UAE) recorded
a 1986 trade surplus of 12.2 billion dirhams, narrowing from
30.2 billion in 1985, the central bank's latest bulletin shows.
    The central bank said the lower surplus was mainly due to
the decline in the value of exports and reexports to 37.2
billion dirhams from 54.2 billion in 1985. This reflected the
decline in oil prices last year and difficulties in marketing
UAE oil, the central bank added.
    The surplus on the current account narrowed to 6.8 billion
dirhams from 25.5 billion in 1985. The overall balance showed a
surplus of 4.8 billion after 2.6 billion in 1985.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17948>
Japan is disappointed at the recent threats
of trade retaliation from the European Community (EC) just as
the trade situation between the two is improving, Japanese
Trade and Industry Minister Hajime Tamura said.
    "I am deeply concerned that the EC has moved to take a
harsher line toward Japan despite this tangible improvement," he
said in a speech prepared for delivery at the opening of a new
centre designed to improve understanding between the two sides.
    Last week, foreign ministers of the 12 EC nations agreed to
impose tariffs on a range of unspecified Japanese electrical
goods unless Tokyo opened its markets more to EC exports.
    Tamura referred to a 55 pct rise in Japanese imports of EC
manufactured goods in the year ended March 31.
    "I feel this is a strong step on the road to balance through
expansion."
    "While I do not deny the existence of the trade deficit
between Japan and the EC, I believe it should be rectified not
by reducing trade through import restrictions or export
restraints, but by expanding the (overall) trade," Tamura said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18061>
Turkey's trade deficit widened to 382 mln
dlrs in April from 275 mln in March and 273 mln in April 1986,
the State Statistics Institute said.
    The deficit for the first quarter of 1987 widened to 1.23
billion dlrs from 1.20 billion a year earlier.
    April exports totalled 702 mln dlrs compared with imports
of 1.08 billion.
    Exports in the first four months were worth 2.69 billion
dlrs compared with imports of 3.92 billion.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18104>
The White House has completed a new
review of Japanese semiconductor trading practices but has not
yet decided whether trade sanctions levied against Japan last
April should be lifted, U.S. officials said.
    They said the president's Economic Policy Council looked at
Japan's adherence to the 1986 U.S.-Japanese semiconductor pact
yesterday and that an announcement may be made shortly.
    But there was no hint what the announcement might be.
    Officials have said the 100 pct tariffs on 300 mln dlrs of
Japanese exports could be modified if Japan was found to be
honoring a portion of its semiconductor pact.
    But they also noted that the White House has said it was
unlikely the tariffs would be lifted before the meeting of the
world's seven major economic powers in Venice on June 8-10.
    The officials added that while the curbs complicated
U.S.-Japanese economic cooperation, they did serve to blunt 
Congressional criticism that the Reagan Administrtation was not
taking tough actions to reduce he U.S. trade deficit.
    Reagan imposed the sanctions on April 17 in retaliation for
Japan's failure to honor commitments to end dumping
semiconductors in world markets at less than production costs
and to open its own market to U.S. goods.
    The sanctions were levied on certain Japanese television
sets, personal computers and hand-held power tools.
    Reagan, in imposing the curbs, said they would be lifted as
soon as there was evidence of a pattern that Japan was adhering
to the pact.
 reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18148>
U.S. Secretary of State George Shultz said
the 6,000 billion yen economic package announced by Tokyo last
week went further than the U.S. Had expected.
    But he said the U.S. Would not lift the selective economic
sanctions it imposed on Japanese imports in April until Tokyo
changed its sales policies concerning computer microchips.
    Speaking in a televised news conference linking several
European capitals, Shultz said it was heartening that the
Japanese had confronted the problem of stimulating domestic and
global demand.

    "There is an even greater amount of stimulus than was
originally thought," said Shultz, speaking from Washington.
    "It is a lot more than nothing. It is more than was talked
about when (Prime Minister Yasuhiro) Nakasone was here.
    "It involves a major reduction in tax rates and we believe
that getting the tax burden down is one way of stimulating the
economy," he added.
    But asked by Japanese reporters, also linked into the news
conference, whether the positive reaction meant the U.S. Might
decide at next week's Venice summit to lift its sanctions on
some Japanese electronic goods, Shultz replied:
    "These sanctions were undertaken on the basis of an
agreement that had been reached between the United States and
Japan on various sale practices and prices relating to the chip
market.
    "They will be lifted as the facts of change by Japan to the
agreement that it made become evident."
    He said U.S. Officials had only been able to monitor the
situation for a month and that it was impossible to determine a
trend on only one month's data.
    The U.S. Imposed 100 pct import duties on personal
computers, colour televisions and power tools, alleging that
Japan had violated last September's bilateral agreement by
selling computer chips at below fair market value.
    Shultz said West Germany and other nations would also do
well to look at what they could do to stimulate demand.
    Asked whether the U.S. Could reasonably ask its allies to
take action to stimulate the world economy without a bold
American initiative to reduce the size of the federal budget
deficit, Shultz said moves were already underway to tackle the
problem.
    He said by the end of the current fiscal year the deficit
would probably be reduced by around 35 billion dlrs against
last year, and that the budget being worked on this year would
contain a major reduction.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18257>
President Reagan called for continued
nondiscriminatory treatment for Romanian exports to the United
States in the face of congressional opposition because of the
Bucharest government's record on human rights.
    A White House statement said Reagan's decision to press for
continuation of so-called Most Favored Nation (MFN) status for
Romania had been "exceptionally difficult" and came after "all
options were seriously considered."
    But the statement said that despite concerns about human
rights abuses by the Bucharest government, the president had
decided that should be continued because it helped stimulate
emigration from Romania and gave the United States influence on
human rights practices there.
    The statement was issued as Reagan sent to Congress
requests for one-year extensions of MFN for Romania, Hungary
and China.
    The House of Representatives has attached to a trade bill
legislation that would temporarily deny MFN for Romania pending
certification by Reagan that the country had made progress on
human rights. There is no controversy over continuation of MFN
for Hungary and China.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18302>
With more private investment, not more
protection, the U.S. textile industry could become competitive
with the most modern foreign producers, analysts from two
congressional agencies said today.
    The Office of Technology Assessment, a nonpartisan arm of
Congress told a House Ways and Means Trade Subcommittee hearing
there was still concern for the future of parts of the U.S.
textile and apparel industry, but there was more reason for
optimism than a few years ago.
    "While textile producers are making significant
investments, they could do more," OTA analyst Henry Kelly said.
    The Congressional Budget Office (CBO), the nonpartisan
budget analysis arm of Congress, said federal loans or loan
guarantees would be preferable options for Congress rather than
increased trade protection which could lead to foreign
retaliation.
    CBO analyst Edward Gramlich said past trade protections,
first imposed in the 1950's have had only a small benefit for
profits and investments of domestic firms.
    Trade Subcommittee chairman, Rep. Sam Gibbons, said the
agencies analyses seemed to agree with his opinion against
congressional approval of protectionist textile quota
legislation aimed mainly at Western Europe, Japan and other
Asian textile producing countries.
    President Reagan last year vetoed a textile protection bill
but it was reintroduced in this session of Congress and is
expected to be voted on in the House this year.
    However, approval this year is in doubt because passage of
a major trade bill without specific protections for textiles
showed a weakening of support for the legislation.
    Most U.S. producers have fallen behind other foreign
producers in the use of modern textile and apparel production
equipment and net imports are growing faster than the domestic
markets, Kelly said.
    He added that private investment in the textile and
clothing industry in 1983 of 0.5 pct was less than one-seventh
the average manufacturing investment of 3.9 pct.
    Despite existing import quotas and tariffs, imports of
textiles grew 26 pct in 1986 and imports of apparel grew 14 pct
while U.S. production rose only 1.9 pct.
    "The traditional industry seems destined to be replaced by
new technology, imports, or some combination of both. While the
industry may not be able to compete in all domestic markets
that it enjoyed twenty years ago, the results of our research
indicate that portions of the domestic market can be recovered,
and that exports can be expanded," Kelly said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18347>
New Zealand's current account deficit
narrowed to 76 mln N.Z. Dlrs in April from a revised 89 mln
dlrs in March, and 224 mln dlrs in April 1986, in a smoothed
seasonally-adjusted measurement, the Statistics Department
said.
    The March figure was revised from 69 mln dlrs.
    The department said in a statement seasonally adjusted, but
non-smoothed figures, showed a deficit of 99 mln dlrs against
76 mln dlrs in March and 230 mln dlrs in April 1986.
    Totally unadjusted figures show a deficit of 83 mln dlrs
against 164 mln dlrs in March, revised from 178 mln dlrs, and
compared with 262 mln in April 1986.
    The smoothed seasonally adjusted series shows a surplus on
merchandise trade of 145 mln dlrs against 135 mln dlrs in March
and 30 mln dlrs in April 1986.
    Seasonally adjusted but non-smoothed figures show a
merchandise trade surplus of 132 mln dlrs against a 148 mln dlr
surplus in March and a 14 mln dlr surplus in April 1986.
    Unadjusted merchandise figures show a surplus of 151 mln
dlrs against a 5.0 mln dlr (revised from 10 mln dlr) deficit in
March and a 31 mln dlr deficit in March 1986.
    The smoothed seasonally adjusted deficit on invisibles was
234 mln N.Z. Dlrs against 236 mln dlrs in March and 255 in
April 1986.
    The seasonally adjusted but non-smoothed deficit on
invisibles was 240 mln dlrs against 229 mln dlrs in March and
245 mln dlrs in April 1986. The unadjusted deficit on
invisibles was 234 mln dlrs against 158 mln dlrs, revised from
168 mln dlrs, in March and 231 mln dlrs in April 1986.
    Seasonally adjusted export and import figures were not
available.
    The department said these figures show a continuing
improvement in the current account deficit, caused mainly by an
improvement in the balance on merchandise trade which has now
being in surplus since november 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18472>
Secretary of State George Shultz said
the U.S. Would erase its large foreign trade deficit faster
than many predicted, and the consequences for its trade
partners might be traumatic.
    "The U.S. Economy will inevitably make the adjustment
necessary to move from a deficit to a surplus trade balance in
order to service our growing foreign debt," he told a conference
attended by the six members of the Association of Southeast
Asian Nations and their leading Western friends.
    "In my view, this will happen more rapidly than many
observers now predict."
    "The universal strategy of aggressive export-led growth is
becoming less effective," Shultz said.
    "It is not arithmetically possible for every country in the
world to be a net exporter at the same time. The U.S. Deficit,
which we all decry, has been in a sense the place into which
everyone's export-led strategy for growth has gone."
    "The huge surpluses of Japan and (West) Germany have fed on
this deficit, so something will have to give and it will be
possibly a traumatic experience," he added.
    "While you must keep up the pressure on us to eschew
protectionist policies, you must act too," Shultz said.
    "I can do a better job of convincing the Congress to leave
our door open to imports if more of our trading partners open
their doors wider," he told the group, which included
representatives from Australia, Canada, Japan, New Zealand and
the European Community.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18496>
Austria's current account surplus grew to
11.0 billion schillings in the first four months this year from
8.2 billion in the same period last year, the National Bank
said.
    In April, the current account recorded a deficit of 300 mln
schillings compared with an 800 mln surplus in March and an 800
mln deficit in April, 1986, the bank said in a statement.
    The trade deficit in the first four months fell to 16.4
billion schillings from 17.5 billion in the same period last
year while in April the deficit was 4.1 billion compared with
6.9 billion in March and 3.6 billion in April, 1986.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18519>
Toshiba Corp &lt;TSBA.T> and Sharp Corp
&lt;SHRP.T> decided to maintain exports of lap-top personal
computers to the European Community (EC) at last year's levels,
despite the halt of shipments to the U.S., Company spokesmen
told Reuters.
    They said the voluntary restraints were aimed at averting
EC sanctions urged by European computer makers. The Europeans
feared Japanese personal computers would flood EC markets after
Washington imposed 100 pct tariffs last April.
    Toshiba and Sharp together control about 40 pct of the
personal computer market in the EC, the Sharp spokesman said.
    Toshiba said exports of T1100 and T3100 lap-top computers
would continue at 5,000 units a month for the time being.
    Sharp said exports to the EC of PC 7000 series lap-top
personal computers would continue at last year's level of
12,000 to 16,000 units a year.
    Washington imposed the tariffs because of Japan's alleged
failure to uphold a 1986 agreement on semiconductor trade.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18554>
Three U.S. Senators said they will
propose a temporary ban on imports of all Toshiba products due
to the company's illegal sales of sensitive high-technology
goods to the Soviet Union.
    Senator Jake Garn, John Heinz and Richard Selby said at a
hearing of the senate banking committee on export control, they
will offer the proposal as part of a major trade bill when it
is brought before the senate this summer.
    Garn, a Utah Republican, said "I am talking about specific
retribution on a company that endangers the security of their
own country and ours."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18748>
Italy's overall balance of payments showed
a deficit of 3,211 billion lire in May compared with a surplus
of 2,040 billion in April, provisional Bank of Italy figures
show.
    The May deficit compares with a surplus of 1,555 billion
lire in the corresponding month of 1986.
    For the first five months of 1987, the overall balance of
payments showed a surplus of 299 billion lire against a deficit
of 2,854 billion in the corresponding 1986 period.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18753>
Italy's overall balance of payments showed
a deficit of 3,211 billion lire in May compared with a surplus
of 2,040 billion in April, provisional Bank of Italy figures
show.
    The May deficit compares with a surplus of 1,555 billion
lire in the corresponding month of 1986.
    For the first five months of 1987, the overall balance of
payments showed a surplus of 299 billion lire against a deficit
of 2,854 billion in the corresponding 1986 period.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18798>
Ecuador posted a trade surplus of 10.6 mln
dlrs in the first four months of 1987 compared with a surplus
of 271.7 mln in the same period in 1986, the central bank of
Ecuador said in its latest monthly report.
    Ecuador suspended sales of crude oil, its principal export
product, in March after an earthquake destroyed part of its
oil-producing infrastructure.
    Exports in the first four months of 1987 were around 639
mln dlrs and imports 628.3 mln, compared with 771 mln and 500
mln respectively in the same period last year.
    Exports of crude and products in the first four months were
around 256.1 mln dlrs, compared with 403.3 mln in the same
period in 1986. The central bank said that between January and
May Ecuador sold 16.1 mln barrels of crude and 2.3 mln barrels
of products, compared with 32 mln and 2.7 mln respectively in
the same period last year.
    Ecuador's international reserves at the end of May were
around 120.9 mln dlrs, compared with 118.6 mln at the end of
April and 141.3 mln at the end of May 1986, the central bank
said. gold reserves were 165.7 mln dlrs at the end of May
compared with 124.3 mln at the end of April.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18835>
The European Community (EC) accused the
United States of violating a political commitment to free trade
through practices including a tax on imported gasoline and a
customs user fee.
    EC ambassador Tran Van-Thinh made the formal charge to the
surveillance body of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
(GATT), GATT spokesman David Woods told reporters.
    Woods also said the EC was joined by the United States in
criticising Brazil for extending its list of products for which
import licenses have been temporarily suspended, so as to
improve its balance of payments.
    The United States charged Japan with violating GATT rules
by restricting imports of agricultural products through an
import licensing system. The United States asked for
consultations with Tokyo on the issue.
    Tran charged that the trade measures contravened a
political commitment to halt and reverse trade barriers,
pledged by ministers in Punta del Este last September.
    When ministers established the four year Uruguay round to
negotiate freer trade in 13 areas, they set up the GATT
surveillance body to monitor this commitment, known in GATT
jargon as "standstill and rollback."
    Tran criticised Washington for the "superfund" tax on oil
imports, a customs user fee, and the removal of a special
machine tool (known as category FSC34) from its government
procurement list for reasons of national security.
    Warren Lavorel, a U.S. Trade official, defended the
policies, saying they did not violate GATT trade rules.
    The surveillance body will send a record of today's talks
to the Trade Negotiating Committee, which oversees the round,
to decide any further action on the charges.
    The oil tax and customs user fee have already been the
subject of formal GATT dispute panels set up outside the
Uruguay Round to rule on the legality of the practices.
    The ruling GATT Council yesterday adopted a dispute panel's
report and ruled that the U.S. Superfund tax on oil imports
breached trade rules. It called on Washington to modify its
legislation.
    Mexico and Canada, along with the European Community,
brought the dispute to the GATT last year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18867>
Britain's Defence Minister George Younger
said the U.S. Was unfairly protecting its defence industry, and
this could lead to British firms demanding counter-measures.
    Younger told a U.S. Chamber of Commerce meeting that U.S.
Legislators were failing to realise "the true nature of the
two-way street in terms of ideas, technology and equipment.
    A British parliamentary report said that up to March
British firms had been awarded just 34 mln dlrs worth of
contracts for the Strategic Defence Initiative, compared with
the 1.5 billion dlrs Britain had hoped to secure.
    The committee said U.S. Technology export restrictions and
"selectiveness" towards foreign contractors had denied British
competitors more lucrative orders and largely excluded them
from technological research for SDI.
    Younger said London had given U.S. Companies contracts
under conditions of fair and open competition. "All we ask is
for our companies to be given similar opportunities," he added.
    If new American legislation aimed at curbing unfair
subsidies was used to exclude foreign suppliers it would not be
surprising if British firms pressed for retaliatory measures,
Younger said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18991>
Japan's trade surplus is likely to
continue to grow in 1987, as sales of Japanese goods abroad
increase while domestic demand remains sluggish, the
Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD)
said.
    In its latest half-yearly review of the world economy, the
OECD said Japan managed to considerably reduce its surplus last
year, when domestic demand grew by four pct in 1986 while
export markets rose by only two pct.
    But it said this differential between the growth of
domestic and foreign demand would reverse in 1987 and 1988,
"thus weakening the international adjustment process."
    It forecast a slowing in domestic growth to little over two
pct but with a rise in exports of 3.3 pct in 1987 and 3.6 pct
in 1988. As a result, the current account surplus in 1987 will
rise to 95 billion dlrs from 86 billion in 1986, although in
1988 it should fall back to 87 billion dlrs.
    The OECD outlook did not take account of the 6,000 billion
yen package announced last month to stimulate domestic demand
and increase imports to Japan. However, OECD officials said the
measures will significantly strengthen domestic demand, quite
possibly exceeding one pct GNP when the full effects have
worked through, and thus will provide some stimulus to imports.
    The OECD outlook said, "Continued large current account
surpluses and the further build-up of an already-substantial
net external asset position could well lead to upward pressure
on the yen." It said that further appreciation could then lead
manufacturers to postpone their investment plans and thus
weaken domestic growth.
    The OECD said Japan's Gross National Product was likely to
gorw an annual two pct in 1987 and 1988, below 1986's 2.5 pct
growth. But it said Japan would continue its good performance
on inflation, with a zero figure expected in 1987 compared to a
0.6 pct rise in consumer prices last year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18992>
U.S.-Canadian ties could worsen if
the two nations are unable to reach a free trade pact,
according to a study published by two nonpartisan public policy
research groups.
    The Cato Institute of Washington and the Fraser Institute
of Vancouver said removing the remaining tariffs on cross
border trade would benefit both countries.
    But Cato chairman William Niskanen added "the two nations'
generally harmonious trade relations are probably not
sustainable without a new agreement."
    The United States and Canada, whose cross-border trade
totaled about 125 billion dlrs last year, have been holding
talks since last June on a pact to end the few trade barriers
remaining between their two countries.
    The U.S. put a deadline on the talks of October 1, but both
sides have said an agreement is likely despite tough bargaining
remained.
    Niskanen said if no pact is reached, bilateral trade ties
could deteriorate because of Congressional pressure on
President Reagan to implement trade laws more aggressively, and
this could hit some Canadian trade practices.
    He noted Canada is seeking foreign investment in its auto
industry, which could put strains on the considerable bilateral
free trade in U.S. and Canadian autos and parts.
    Niskanen also said the Canadian government is vulnerable to
a resurgence of economic nationalism which could restrict U.S.
exports to Canada.
    A free trade pact, backed by President Reagan and Prime
Minister Brian Mulroney, would open new markets for Canada and
enable its industries to achieve economies of scale, which
would also help it widen exports worldwide, he said.
    It would also increase the gross national products of both
countries.
    Niskanen said the goal of a pact should be to end all
tariffs within 10 years, lower subsidies on exports, set rules
for trade in services and investments, end curbs on government
procurement and agree ways to resolve trade disputes.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19033>
U.S. Secretary of State George Shultz
warned members of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations
(ASEAN) they could no longer rely on increased exports to the
U.S. For growth.
    "Given the importance of exports, particularly export
manufactures, to all of your countries, you are going to have
to work hard to diversify your markets," he said.
    "While you may be able to maintain your current market share
in the U.S., You clearly will not be able to look to the U.S.
To take major increases in your exports," he added.
    Shultz told the foreign ministers of Brunei, Indonesia,
Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore and Thailand the U.S.
Would cut its huge foreign trade deficit more rapidly than many
now believed.
    He said ASEAN's looming trade problems would not
necessarily stem from protectionist legislation now being
contemplated by Congress, "but simply because of the adjustments
the U.S. Economy will have to make in order to service our
large and growing external debt."
    Shultz said the U.S. Deficit had resulted not from falling
exports but from higher imports that had fuelled world growth.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19044>
Japan's custom-cleared trade surplus
narrowed to 1.61 billion dlrs in the first 10 days of June from
1.97 billion a year earlier, the Finance Ministry said.
    The June interim surplus compares with a 1.76 billion dlr
surplus in the same May period.
    FOB exports in the first 10 days of June rose 17.6 pct from
a year earlier to 6.05 billion dlrs while CIF imports rose 39.6
pct to 4.44 billion.
    The average yen/dollar rate used for the figures was 141.04
yen against 169.03 a year earlier.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19062>
Japan must try harder to reduce its trade
surplus or the yen will come under renewed upward pressure,
Economic Planning Minister Tetsuo Kondo.
    He told a press luncheon he hoped Japan could cut its
current account surplus by some 10 billion dlrs a year until it
is reduced to some 50 to 60 billion dlrs. In the fiscal year
ended March 31 the surplus totalled 93.76 billion dlrs, or
about 4.5 pct of GNP.
    The 6,000 billion yen economic stimulation package the
government unveiled late last month would help slash Japan's
current account surplus by five to six billion dlrs, he said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19163>
President Reagan said he would veto a
House-passed trade bill requiring mandatory retaliation for
"unfair trade" if it reached its desk in its present form.
    In a statement at a White House meeting with Senate
Republicans on the legislation, he said: "I would have no choice
but to veto that bill in its present form."
    He said the measure "would move us exactly in the wrong
direction" towards high tariffs, trade barriers, trade
distorting subsidies, slow growth and crimped world markets,
and would destroy jobs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19273>
Fifteen countries in Eastern and
Southern Africa have agreed to cut tariffs on regional trade by
10 pct every two years up to 1996.
    A statement by the Preferential Trade Area (PTA), which
seeks to create a common market stretching from Ethiopia in the
north to Lesotho in the south, said the governments would make
the first tariff cut next year.
    In 1996 they would assess the impact of the tariff
reductions and work out a new timetable for the complete
elimination of all barriers to trade by the year 2000.
    The PTA, set up in 1982, groups Burnudi, the Comoros,
Djibouti, Ethiopia, Kenya, Lesotho, Malawi, Mauritius, Rwanda,
Somalia, Swaziland, Tanzania, Uganda, Zambia and Zimbabwe.
    PTA sources said the agreement averted a split between
members wanting more progress towards free trade and weaker
states concerned about the effects on customs revenue.
    The reductions cover only a common list of 300 or so widely
traded commodities and goods but PTA sources said the
organisation planned to expand the list to include 425 items.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19293>
Civil service industrial action started
early this month will delay the publication of May's U.K.
Overseas trade figures, which had been due out next Thursday, a
Trade and Industry Department statement said.
    A department spokesman said the figures will probably be
put back by about a month. The June trade figures, due in late
July, will also be delayed, he added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19377>
A group of Latin American and
Caribbean nations formally opposed trade legislation pending in
Congress, saying it would curb their exports, slow development
and hinder its ability to repay foreign debt.
    Mario Rodriguez Montero, president of an Organization of
American States special committee on trade, said he was aware
of the large U.S. trade deficit, but added "the region should
not be the one affected by the trade bills."
    He said the causes of the deficit were the strong dollar
and the budget deficit, and "it is regrettable to solve it by a
trade bill that would only serve private U.S. interests."
    Rodriguez made the comment at a news conference after two
days of meetings with U.S. officials on trade bills now in
Congress that are designed to reduce the U.S. trade deficit,
which last year hit a record 166.3 billion dlrs.
    Congressional observers say the bills are aimed mainly at
Japan, Taiwan, South Korea and a few other nations with large,
annual trade surpluses with the United States.
    Mexico, Brazil and Venezuela are the only Latin nations
with large trade surpluses last year with the United States,
but even Mexico, with the largest, had a surplus of only 5.2
billion dlrs, against Japan's of 58.6 billion dlrs.
    The European Community has also opposed the bills.
    Rodriguez said the Latin and Caribbean nations backed the
Reagan Administration's opposition to many of the sections in
the legislation, including those to curb imports and to require
retaliation for foreign unfair trade practices.
    He told reporters the committee would likely mount a
campaign to fight the legislation when it comes up for debate
on the Senate floor, expected next week.
    Rodriguez said "the region needs trade to continue
development.  We hope this need will not be affected negatively
by trade legislation."
    Rodriguez said: "we need to keep the market opens -
especially the U.S. market - to obtain the necessary foreign
exchange not only to service the debt but also to continue
national development progress."
    President Reagan has said he would veto any legislation he
termed "protectionist," and his aides now are mounting a effort
to water down some of the objectionable provisions in the
legislation.
    Asked whether Reagan was ready to cast a veto, Rodriguez
said as yet "the administration is not in a veto frame of mind."
 reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19433>
The Administration asked Congress to
replace the U.S. tariff schedule with a new system to bring it
into line with international tariff categories, U.S. Trade
Representative Clayton Yeutter said.
    The new system will add such items as fiber optics and more
accurately define new composites, items not widely traded when
the current schedule was devised some 30 years ago.
    Yeutter said the Harmonized System, as the new schedule is
called, will change tariff categories and definitions to meet
the present-day needs of exporters and importers, but they
should pay about the same rates of duties.
    Yeutter said, "American exporters will find it far easier to
deal with one standardized worldwide system than the variety of
differing systems which they now face."
    He said the new system ended 12 years of multinational
negotiations to create the unified tariff schedule.
    Yeutter said government and business moves are based on
data from tariff schedules and the new system will improve
knowledge of trade flows and the quality of decision-making.
    He said 56 nations pledged to bring their standards under
the new system, with about half expected to join the system by
January 1988.
 reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19444>
Italy's Foreign Trade Minister Mario
Sarcinelli, commenting on speculation in the Italian press,
said a sharp balance of payments deficit in May could not be
attributed to recent moves liberalizing the purchase of foreign
securities.
    Sarcinelli was reacting to suggestions that last month's
overall 3,211 billion lire deficit, which compares with April's
2,040 billion surplus, could be linked to a May 13 decree
abolishing obligatory non-interest-bearing deposits on foreign
securities purchases.
   "The deficit can be better attributed to premature and
delayed foreign trade payments and receipts (leads and lags)
rather than capital outflow to portfolio investment," Sarcinelli
said in a statement.
    Earlier today the newspaper La Repubblica cited remarks by
the Bank of Italy, which announced the deficit for May and said
it had been partly caused by "non-banking capital outflows."
    "In practice, it seems that there has been a constant flow
of capital to foreign securities or investments outside our
borders," said the newspaper.
    But the newspaper added that it was still not possible to
say how far the move to abolish foreign securities purchase
deposits had affected Italy's balance of payments.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19539>
Bangladesh's trade gap is expected to
widen in fiscal 1987/88 beginning on July 1 after the
government relaxed restrictions on some imports including
luxury cars.
    The country has set its export target for the year at 1.1
billion U.S. Dlrs against imports of 1.805 billion dlrs,
compared with 1986/7's one billion dlrs of export earnings and
1.113 billion dlrs of imports.
    Commerce Minister Mohammad Abdul Munim said the changes
were aimed at encouraging export oriented industries to boost
foreign exchange earnings and imports of essential machinery
and raw materials, to increase industrial production.
    The government was easing procedures to enhance incentives
especially for exporters of textiles and frozen food and
importers of industrial machinery and raw materials, Munim told
reporters.
    Commerce Ministry officials told Reuters the import policy
covered only commercial imports amounting to 1.805 billion
dlrs. Imports of capital machinery and foodgrains by the
government were not included in the policy, they added.
    They said the country's total import bill (both commercial
and other imports) was expected to reach 2.7 billion dlrs in
the new year compared with 2.4 billion dlrs in 1986/87.
    The minister said ending restrictions on imports of cars
and dropping 50 pct sales tax on small cars would not harm the
economy.
    Munim said Bangladesh feared a further drop in prices for
its main export jute, "which will certainly affect our export
earnings" in the coming year.
    Bangladesh's jute exports fell to 410 mln dlrs from 500 mln
in 1986/87, according official figures.
    But Munim said exports of non-traditional items, which
accounted for over 40 pct of total exports this year, would
play a key role in achieving the 1987/88 export target.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19546>
Top-level talks last week between the
European Community (EC) and the United States failed to resolve
a dispute over pasta which may provoke new trade frictions next
month, diplomatic sources said.
    The U.S. Insists the EC complies with what it regards as an
unambiguous ruling from the world trade body GATT and
dismantles an export subsidy system which has led to Italy
taking an increasing share of the U.S. Pasta market.
    The sources said the EC, which currently provides subsidies
of around 16 cents a pound, offered a compromise in last week's
talks in Brussels but that this was rejected by the U.S.
    U.S. Assistant Special Trade Representative Jim Murphy has
returned to Washington ahead of a theoretical July 1 deadline
for agreement, set last August when the two sides resolved a
related dispute over EC restrictions on U.S. Citrus imports.
    The diplomatic sources said the citrus issue could be
reopened if the pasta dispute was not solved quickly. It was
also possible the U.S. Would reimpose a 40 pct tariff on EC
pasta, lifted when the citrus row was settled.
    But the two sides may agree to extend the deadline for a
few days as EC Commissioners Willy de Clercq and Frans
Andriessen are due to visit Washington from July 7 to 10.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19555>
Canada has threatened to stop imports
of Danish pigmeat from July 14 after Canadian veterinary
inspectors approved only two of 33 slaughterhouses, a Danish
agriculture ministry official told Reuters.
    The Canadians postponed the original July 1 deadline at the
request of the European Commission, which Denmark approached
for support.
    Danish Foreign Minister Uffe Ellemann-Jensen said in an
interview with the daily Berlingske Tidende: "Denmark will not
accept a ban on Danish meat exports, and I am sure we can reach
an understanding with the Canadians with the help of the EC."
    Danish pigmeat exports to Canada were worth 106 mln crowns
in 1986, while Canadian exports to the European Community
totalled about 6.5 billion U.S. Dlrs.
    Some Danish slaughterhouse officials expressed suspicion
that the Canadian action was in response to tightening up by EC
veterinary inspectors on Canadian food exports to the EC.
    But an official at the Canadian embassy in Copenhagen said
the inspection of Danish slaughterhouses was based on EC
regulations. "Canadian officials are very concerned about the
trade implications. We are holding active discussions with the
EC and bilaterally," she added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19658>
Talks between the European Community
(EC) and the United States have failed to settle a trade
dispute over pasta, an EC Commission spokesman said.
    Diplomatic sources said the dispute could provoke new trade
friction unless it was settled soon.
    Washington is insisting that the EC comply with what it
regards as an unambiguous ruling from the world trade body GATT
and cut export subsidies which have allowed Italy to take an
increasing share of the U.S. pasta market.
    The EC provides subsidies of about 16 cents a pound on
pasta exports. The spokeswoman said the talks foundered on the
question of how much the subsidy should be cut.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19672>
The Reserve Bank of India, RBI,
announced new rules to allow exporters of 25 products to use
foreign exchange up to 10 pct of their firm's total annual
export earnings for export promotion abroad.
    The move is designed by the government to improve India's
trade deficit.
    Products eligible for the new Blanket Exchange Permit
Scheme include tea bags, cigarettes, coffee, leather, various
textiles, chemicals, pharmaceuticals, plastics, engineering and
electronic goods, ready-made garments, processed food, sports
goods, fabricated mica and consultancy services.
    The scheme replaces current rules which allow different
amounts of foreign exchange to be used only when firms attain a
minimum annual turnover prescribed for each product.
    RBI said under the new rule, 16 other products will
qualify, on a discretionary basis, for overseas promotional
spending of not more than two pct of the freight-on-board value
of annual export earnings.
    These include oil cakes, cereals, raw cotton, raw and
semi-processed leather, gems, castor and sandalwood oil,
psyllium husks and seeds, opium and various mineral ores.
    RBI said exporters of products not covered by either of the
two groups will be eligible to use up to five pct of their
freight-on-board value of their annual export earnings.
    Industry sources said the new entitlements, considerably
higher than the previous limits, are also more flexible because
holders of new permits no longer need to frequently apply to
RBI for release of foreign exchange for export purposes.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19918>
Israel's exports to the U.S. can and
must double over the next five years if the mideast nation's
goal of economic independence is to be achieved, said Gad
Yaacobi, Israeli minister of Economy and Communication.
    Speaking before an American-Israel Chamber of Commerce
seminar, Yaacobi said that in 1986 Israeli exports to the U.S.
were over 2.3 billion dlrs or about one-third of Israel's total
exports, while imports from the U.S. were around 1.8 billion
dlrs or roughly one-sixth of the total.
    "I am convinced that Israel exports to the U.S. can reach
five billion dlrs in the next five years, if we learn to
function in the American marketplace and place greater emphasis
on product quality," Yaacobi said.
    While the weakening of the dollar vis-a-vis European
currencies is a "bottleneck to increasing exports to the U.S.,"
Yaacobi said he expects Israel to extend its recent trend
toward higher U.S. exports.
    In the last ten years, Israeli exports to the U.S. rose
fivefold, from 417 mln dlrs to 2.3 billion in 1986, while
imports rose from 888 mln dlrs to 1.8 billion last year.
    Yaacobi said export growth must increase ten to eleven pct
annually, the rate achieved until the 1973 Yom Kippur War.
     He said that the U.S./Israel Free Trade agreement, passed
last year and eliminating all duties and other commercial
restrictions between the two nations through 1994, would
continue to facilitate the desired export growth.
    Dual agreements included in the FTA allow Israel to act as
an economic bridge between the U.S. and Europe, enabling U.S.
firms to export to Europe at lower cost if a certain percentage
of the exported is produced in Israel, and vice-versa.
    Yaacobi said that tensions among the nations of the middle
east was one of the main reasons Israel had not yet been able
to achieve its economic potential.
    Since 1973 the U.S. has given Israel 25 billion dlrs in
aid, but most of it went to defense expenditures and financing
military conflicts "which were imposed on Israel," he said.
    Short of achieving Israel's full growth potential, however,
Yaccobi said it would still be possible to achieve economic
independence by 1993 or 1994, based on the assumption that
exports can be doubled from 1986 levels in that time period.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19947>
Pakistani government allowed freer
cotton and rice export in a three-year new trade policy aimed
at narrowing the country's yawning trade gap.
    Commerce and Planning Minister Mahbubul Haq said in a
televised speech the government had also decided to allow
duty-free import of cotton yarn to make the textile industry
more competitive, and to link bulk tea imports to the export of
Pakistani products.
   
    Cotton and rice are Pakistan's main exports, which have
been handled exclusively by state corporations since early
1970s.
    But Haq said now the private sector would also export
cotton and rice along with the corporations, which meets a
long-standing demand of the local traders.
    The duty-free import of cotton yarn has been allowed to
bring down prices and help the local ancillary industries
compete effectively in the world market, he said.
   
    Haq said the new policy, effective from the fiscal year
1987/88 beginning on July 1, would be for three years but
reviewed every year.
    It was a departure from the previous practice of announcing
trade policies for a single fiscal year, and Haq said it would
enable the businessmen to plan their market strategies over a
longer period.
    He said an export credit of 250 mln dlrs had been provided
for the export of engineering goods to selected third world
countries on soft credit terms.
   
    Pakistan's 1986/87 exports at 3.6 billion dlrs, 18.2 per
cent more than in the previous year, and imports at 5.23
billion dlrs compared to 5.63 billion dlrs in 1985/86.
    He said the government policy was to rationalise and
streamline import controls.
    "It has been observed that due to restrictions on imports,
specially on raw materials and intermediate goods, local
industry has been suffering for want of necessary inputs," he
said. "Prices have been on the increase and quality of goods
produced has been low. This restrictive policy also gave rise
to smuggling and hampering of exports."
   
    He said that to correct this situation, 136 items had freed
from import restrictions.
    Previously, Pakistan has met its trade gap largely from
remittances from its nationals working abroad, mainly in the
Gulf. However, the remittances have begun to fall after the
drop in oil prices in recent years leading to the spectre of a
balance of payments crisis for Pakistan.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20335>
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard
Lyng said he is pleased the European Community plans to offer a
global farm reform plan at GATT later this month, although the
United States opposes key parts of the proposal.
    "We're pleased that they have moved in tabling a proposal.
It will help us in getting the negotiations underway," Lyng
told Reuters in an interview Tuesday.
    Lyng's comment came after EC ministers in Luxembourg
endorsed a farm reform package drafted by the EC Commission.
The EC plan will be presented at the next meeting of Uruguay
round agriculture negotiators in Geneva on October 26.
    Lyng said the United States would oppose parts of the plan
seeking a market sharing agreement for grains, and proposing
curbs on U.S. soybean and cereal substitute exports to Europe.
    The U.S. in July proposed to GATT the elimination of all
farm subsidies affecting trade within ten years, and has
pressed the EC to make a counter-offer with the aim of reaching
a global farm subsidy agreement by the end of 1988.
    However, the EC and some U.S. domestic groups have said the
Reagan administration plan to end all farm trade subsidies is
unrealistic.
    Asked about such criticism, Lyng said "The alternative to
doing that is to say that we preserve them and maintain them. I
think that is the unrealistic position."
    "I would suggest that they (EC) listen to what we are
trying to say."
    Lyng also rejected suggestions the U.S. and EC agree a
freeze in export subsidies to get the GATT negotiations 
started.
    "All that some countries would like to have would be a
wheat agreement where we would stop export subsidies on wheat.
That doesn't do a thing for us," Lyng said.
    The United States wants an end to subsidies in a range of
agricultural products from dairy products to vegetable oils, he
said.
    At the GATT negotiators meeting next week Canada is
expected to offer a proposal as well as the EC.
    The United States will be represented at the meeting by
former agriculture undersecretary Daniel Amstutz, recently
appointed special U.S. negotiator on agriculture.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20441>
Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng
said the ruling of a GATT panel on a U.S. trade complaint
against Japan, expected soon, may influence the U.S. stance in
negotiations with Tokyo on beef and citrus import quotas.
    The ruling of a GATT tribunal on a U.S. demand that Japan
end quotas on 12 categories of food items is expected by the
end of the year. Lyng said he is optimistic the ruling will
favor the U.S.
    "These are quota items, and the principles that apply to
them, it seems to me, will have some bearing on the question of
whether you would have quotas or not on beef and citrus," Lyng
told Reuters in an interview.
    He repeated the U.S. demand that Japan lift the quotas on
beef and citrus after March 31, next year.
    The Japanese quotas on 12 food categories which the United
States has challenged include items such as tomato paste, some
cheeses and specialty fruit juices.
    U.S. officials had hoped a ruling against the quotas would
be issued earlier this year but the GATT panel decision has
been delayed by the illness of the tribunal's chairman.
    The U.S. has taken a hardline stance on the beef and citrus
quotas, which Tokyo says must remain in place to protect
Japanese farmers.
    "We will not negotiate new quotas or accept new quotas (on
beef and citrus). If they impose them we would consider that an
illegal action in the GATT, Lyng said.
    He declined to say what action the U.S. would take next
April if Japan continues to resist U.S. demands.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20461>
The American Soybean Association (ASA)
denounced European Community (EC) oilseed policies as illegal
under the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, and
threatened to make an unfair trade complaint if the EC does not
remedy the situation.
    ASA Vice President James Adams told an ASA-sponsored
Outlook 87 conference: "It will be filed unless the EC takes
drastic and immediate steps."
    "These subsidies are blatantly unfair and are GATT illegal,
since they were established after the zero soybean duty was
established in 1962," he said.
    The ASA's unfair trade petition against the EC would ask
for an investigation and modification of EC oilseed policies to
make the regime non-discriminatory.
    The EC in 1962 ruled all EC oilseed imports duty-free, in
an effort to fill its oilseed needs. But EC oilseeds production
has risen dramatically since then.
    The EC now guarantees oilseed prices to farmers above world
market levels and is considering implementing a controversial
oils and fats tax.
    The subsidies "are obvious attempts to circumvent the zero
duty binding and that makes U.S. Farmers mad as hell," Adams
said.
    The ASA is confident the U.S. Congress will support its
trade complaint, Adams said. The ASA also strongly opposes an
EC proposal to tax vegetable and marine oils consumed in the
EC, which will be considered by the EC Commission in December.
    U.S. Soybean world market share has declined 35 pct in
volume and 40 pct in value since 1982, primarily as a result of
EC policies, Adams added.
    Lord Plumb, European Parliament President and a speaker at
the conference, said the EC expanded oilseed production in 1973
when the U.S. Halted overseas sales of soy products.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20462>
The United States is prepared to "pull out
all the stops" to defend its agricultural trade rights under the
General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT), U.S. Ambassador
to GATT Michael Samuels said.
    Those rights are now being challenged by the European
Community's (EC) agricultural support policies, he told a
conference sponsored by the American Soybean Association.
    He reiterated Washington's firm intention to retaliate if
the EC goes ahead and bans imports of hormone-fed beef without
the issue being investigated by a GATT special committee.
    The U.S. claims the EC directive, due to come into effect
on January 1, threatens to cut 100 mln dlrs worth of U.S. meat
shipments into the EC.
    The U.S. also will oppose all EC efforts to impair U.S.
trade via the EC oilseeds regime, which supports EC oilseed
prices over the current market level and which may be extended
to include a hotly disputed oils and fats tax, Samuels said.
    Reduction of trade-distorting world agricultural subsidies,
an aim of most key participants in GATT multilateral trade
negotiations, "is meaningless if import barriers continue to be
erected," Samuels said.
    Samuels called the U.S. plan to eliminate world farm
subsidies by the year 2000, proposed at GATT in July, "visionary"
and "very serious."  The EC and Japan have said it is
unrealistic.
    The EC Commission this month announced its draft proposal
on farm trade reform, expected to be tabled at GATT formally
next week.
    The EC scheme involves emergency measures to reduce
tensions in troubled surplus sectors of cereals and cereals
substitutes, dairy and sugar. It also calls for reduction of
farm subsidies.
    The U.S. Is not opposed to short-term measures, as long as
they are directly linked to long-term commitments to end major
trade distortions, Samuels said.
    Washington will review the EC proposal when it is formally
submitted and respond to it officially then.
    "We will consider its relation to the Punta del Este
declaration to correct trade problems and expand market access,"
the U.S. Ambassador said.
    The U.S. can say no to the EC proposal if the EC ignores
the U.S. plan when it tables its own proposal, he added.
    The key difference between the two approaches is that the
U.S. wants farm subsidies eliminated, while the EC is pushing
only for a reduction in farm suppports, Samuels said.
    If the EC farm budget were protected by a subsidy freeze,
there would be little incentive for the Community to work to
correct the international trade situation, he added.
    Samuels cited the animal hormones complaint, the EC
oilseeds regime and an EC regulation concerning meat imports to
third countries as three crucial barriers to trade which the
U.S. wants to see resolved under the auspices of GATT.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20469>
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard
Lyng said the United States will continue its policy of
subsidizing farm exports to regain lost markets until there is
a global agreement to end such subsidies.
    In an interview with Reuters, Lyng also acknowledged he was
troubled by the prospect that the export enhancement program
(EEP) could prove so indispensable to boosting U.S. exports
that the U.S. would have difficulty abandoning it.
    "Yes, I'm troubled with that a little bit," he said. "There's
no question about it, the longer you feed the calf on the cow,
the longer it is to wean it."
    In recent months, USDA has offered subsidies on a growing
list of commodities to an increasing number of countries.
    Lyng called U.S. and European Community export subsidies
"just plain nonsensical as a long-term policy" and said he saw an
end to the expansion of the EEP.
    "I'm sure there's an end to the expansion, but we are doing
this to accomplish our goal which is to regain the markets that
we've lost, to keep our products competitive and to let those,
particularly the European Community, who, we are convinced, are
the worst offenders in terms of the export subsidization, that
we are prepared to continue to do this until we can come to
some agreement to put an end to it," he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20511>
The European Community (EC) agreed a
trade deal with Argentina designed to compensate the country
following the entry of Spain and Portugal into the group, EC
officials said.
    Under the deal agreed by EC foreign ministers, Argentina
will gain additional trading rights on a series of products
including meat, fish and cereals by-products.
    But ministers failed to agree on new trade deals with
Canada and Japan and are due to study these again, the
officials said.
    The deal with Argentina was agreed by a majority of EC
states after West Germany withdrew objections to increased
quotas for Argentina on high-quality beef.
    Ireland and France continued to oppose the deal on meat,
saying that the main dispute was over sales of cereals
substitutes, but they were outvoted by the other states, the
officials said. Under the deal, Argentina will benefit from
improved quotas on exports of beef to the EC. In particular the
quota on high-quality Hilton beef will be raised by 4,500
tonnes to 34,300 tonnes and quotas on frozen boneless beef will
be increased by 3,000 tonnes to 53,000 tonnes.
    Argentina will also benefit from an additional quota of
5,000 tonnes of frozen hake fillets at 10 pct duty and reduced
levies on 550,000 tonnes of wheat bran, the officials said.
    The improved trade terms were offered after Argentina said
that Spain and Portugal's entry into the EC affected their
exports of cereals substitutes to these two countries. They
have been negotiated under the rules of GATT (General Agreement
on Tariffs and Trade).
    But officials said ministers had been unable to resolve
Canadian claims that its sales of certain fish to Spain had
been affected by the country's EC membership.
    Officials said the EC had asked GATT to arbitrate on the
fish dispute with Canada.
    Ministers also decided to continue talks with Japan. The EC
claims that Spain and Portugal's entry into the group has
improved trade conditions for Japan but has been unsatisfied
with Japanese offers of compensation.
    Japan's main offers were to improve inspection systems on
citrus fruits to aid EC exports, to improve tariffs for some
other farm produce, to increase tariffs for leather footwear
and to offer better trade terms for Spain and Portugal.
    EC External Trade Commissioner Willy De Clercq told
journalists: "We maintain our position that the (Japanese)
concessions were not enough."
    "We hope that there will be an improvement," he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20649>
Spanish farm minister Carlos Romero,
speaking at a meeting of EC farm ministers, called for action
to help the Spanish maize market, Spanish diplomatic sources
said.
    Spain is threatened with massive imports from third
countries by the end of the year, they said.
    They said the imports are due to come in as a result of the
accord by which the EC has promised the United States it will
import two mln tonnes of maize and 300,000 tonnes of sorghum
into Spain from third countries this year.
    Around a sixth of this tonnage has so far come in under a
reduced levy system and the EC cereals management committee may
decide this week to authorise the Spanish intervention board to
make direct purchases.
    The sources said Romero urged that other EC countries
should take some of the imports to prevent disturbance of the
Spanish market.
    They said he threatened to withhold support for the EC
Commission plan for new limits on farm output which if breached
would mean price cuts unless Spain received some help.
    The sources said no direct reply was given to Romero at the
meeting.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20682>
Ecuador posted a trade deficit of 71.3 mln
dlrs in the first eight months of 1987, compared with a surplus
of 468.6 mln dlrs in the same period of 1986, central bank
figures show.
    Ecuador suspended oil exports, which made up 55 pct of the
value of its total exports in 1986, for five months this year
after an earthquake in March shattered the country's pipeline.
    The central bank said the value of exports from January to
August 1987 stood at 1.132 billion dlrs and imports 1.204
billion dlrs. Net international monetary reserves declined to
57.5 mln dlrs at end-September from 146.8 mln dlrs at end-
September 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20757>
Brazil's September trade surplus
was the best so far this year, totalling 1.494 billion dlrs,
compared with 1.434 billion dlrs in August and 540 mln dlrs in
September last year, Banco do Brasil's Foreign Trade Department
(Cacex) director Namir Salek said in a news conference.
    September exports were 2.694 billion dlrs, slightly down
from 2.76 billion dlrs in August. Imports in September amounted
to 1.2 billion dlrs, against 1.32 billion dlrs in August.
    Salek said the accumulated surplus in the Jan-Sept period
was 7.857 billion dlrs, compared with 8.667 billion dlrs in a
similar 1986 period.
    Coffee accounted with 320 mln dlrs of exports, up from 222
mln dlrs in August and 212 mln in September 1986, Salek said.
    The Cacex director said he expected the country's trade
surplus to average 800 mln dlrs in the remaining three months
of the year, estimating the year's overall surplus to reach
10.2 billion dlrs, from 25.6 billion dlrs worth of exports and
15.4 billion dlrs of imports.
    He attributed the good surplus on exports of manufactured
and semimanufactured goods. He mentioned car exports, which
accounted alone with sales of 617 mln dlrs in the Jan-Sept
period, against 194 mln dlrs in a similar 1986 period.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20787>
The United States may lift an
additional 84 mln dlrs in trade sanctions against Japan later
this month, Reagan Administration officials said.
    President Reagan imposed 300 mln dlrs in sanctions on
Japanese goods last April for its failure to honor a 1986
agreement to end dumping semiconductors in the U.S. and third
country markets and to open its home market to U.S. goods.
    The move raised tariffs to 100 pct from about five pct on
Japanese color television sets, hand-held power tools and
portable computers.
    Reagan lifted 51 mln dlrs of the sanctions last June  after
Japan ended selling the semiconductors on the U.S. market at
below production costs.
    Semiconductors are the small silicon chips used for memory
and recall purposes in a wide variety of computers.
    The Administration officials said Commerce Department 
monitors showed that Japan was ending its dumping of the
semiconductors in third countries, where they had been taking
sales away from American-made semiconductors.
    They said it was likely the 51 mln dlrs in sanctions would
be lifted by the end of the month.
    The United States and Japan remain at odds over opening the
closed Japanese markets to U.S. goods.
    U.S. and Japanese officials reviewed Japan's compliance
with the agreement earlier this week.
    The periodic reviews are to continue and the remaining
sanctions to stay in force, the officials said, until Japan is
in full compliance with the semiconductor agreement.
 reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20829>
Canada will propose at the new round of
international trade talks that most trade-distorting farm
subsidies be phased out over a five year period, Trade Minister
Pat Carney said.
    "Agricultural subsidies and trade barriers have created a
vicious circle which continues to cause problems of
overproduction and low commodity prices," Carney told the House
of Commons.
    Carney was outlining the government's new position on the
farm trade problem that was tabled on Tuesday in Geneva in the
multilateral talks under the GATT (General Agreement on Tariffs
and Trade).
    While few details were released, Carney said the government
would also be pressing for an improvement in market access and
new measures to ensure countries do not erect artificial
barriers.
    "Under the Canadian proposal, all countries would have to
ensure that domestic policies and programs to address the
specific needs of their farm sectors do not distort trade," a
government background paper said.
    "Furthermore, in assessing the trade impact of programs,
credit could be given to countries which effectively control
the output of farm products," the papers said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20865>
Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter
said on Monday that the U.S. free trade agreements with Canada
and Israel should help to pave the way for liberalizing the
global trading system.
    He said the Canadian and Israeli pacts will not set back
worldwide reform efforts under the General Agreement on Tariffs
and Trade (GATT) as some critics feared but help them.
    The GATT talks began a year ago in Punta del Este, Uruguay
to liberalize the global trading system and to include in it
trade in agriculture and services such as banking.
    Yeutter made his remarks at a U.S.-Israeli trade meeting
marking the second year of their bilateral accord. The
Canadian-U.S. pact, signed by two sides two weeks ago, has yet
been approved by the U.S. Congress and Canadian Parliament.
    The two free trade agreements (FTA) would gradually remove
tariffs and other barriers to cross-border trade in goods and
many services.
    Yeutter said in the aftermath of the Canadian and Israeli
pacts "other countries have realized that if they want to
continue to have access to the world's largest market, they had
better get serious about improving the GATT."
    The pact with Israel, he said, is gradually increasing
shipments both ways and the Canadian pact will substantially
increase the gross national products in both countries.
    Yeutter also said the Canadian and Israeli pacts should
serve as important precedents for progress in GATT.
    Yeutter said, "increasing trade is one of the keys to
enhanced political and economic stability around the globe."
    He said, "a stronger GATT will enhance prosperity, not only
for advanced industrial nations, but also for other countries
that need to increase trade in order to better their standards
of living."
    Yeutter added it was important not to risk the progress
made in the Israeli and Canadian trade pacts by resorting to
protectionism.
    He was referring to trade legislation pending in Congress
that would force the United States to take retaliatory actions
against nations with large trade surpluses with the United
States if the countries practiced unfair trade.
    The legislation was prompted by a growing U.S. trade
deficit that hit 156 billion dlrs last year and is still
rising.
    Yeutter said the pressures for Congress to act were hard to
resist, but the pending legislation would undermine President
Reagan's efforts to liberalize the world trade.
    Yeutter renewed the threat of a White House veto.
    He said, "President Reagan will veto any bill that contains
serious flaws, and I believe that veto would be sustained."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20989>
The European Community is willing to
offer limited concessions to the United States on one of two
major issues which threaten to poison their trade relations
next year, an EC commission spokesman said.
    He said the offer would be made at a meeting later this
month between U.S. Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter and EC
External Relations Commissioner Willy de Clercq.
    EC Farm Commissioner Frans Andriessen told agriculture
ministers meeting in Luxembourg that the EC is willing to make
some temporary arrangements to lighten the impact on U.S.
Exports of an EC plan to ban the sales of meat from animals fed
with growth hormones, the spokesman said.
    Washington has said it will take trade reprisals if the EC
proceeds with the ban from January 1 and if European countries
do not quickly cut back what it sees as unfair subsidies to the
makers of their Airbus airliner which are harming U.S.
Manufacturers.
    It claims the hormones ban has no scientific basis and will
rob it of 130 mln dlrs' worth of exports a year.
    Diplomatic sources said the Yeutter-de Clercq meeting will
take place in London and will also involve the aerospace
ministers of France, Britain, West Germany and Spain, the
countries involved in the Airbus project.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21031>
President Reagan said the Commerce
Department should be vigilant in preventing the flow of
strategic technology from reaching the the Soviet Union and
other communist countries.
    He was speaking at the swearing in of C. William Verity as
Secretary of the Commerce Department.
    Verity said the U.S. should make certain that militarily
sensitive high technology does not wind up in communist
nations. But he also said the U.S. must reduce the list of
products of a nontechnological nature, thereby allowing
manufacturers to increase exports and jobs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21187>
House Speaker Jim Wright dismissed
charges that the trade bill before Congress contributed to the
fall in stock prices on Wall Street.
    "That is utterly ridiculous," the Texas Democrat told
reporters.
    Treasury Secretary James Baker and other administration
officials over the weekend pointed to the pending legislation
-- which they brand too protectionist -- as a key factor in the
record-setting drop.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21391>
Australian Minister for Trade
Negotiations Michael Duffy said his country and Third World
commodity producers have formed an effective lobby group
against farm export subsidies and market access restrictions.
    Duffy told a press conference the Cairns Group of 14 major
agricultural producers, to which Australia and Thailand belong,
has emerged as an important third force in any multilateral
trade talks. "There's no doubt that the Cairns Group is being
seen as a third force to be reckoned with both inside the
General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade and in other
international trade negotiations," he said.
    Duffy, here on a three-day visit after talks in the United
States, The European Community (EC) and Latin America, said
considerable progress has been made by the group towards
fighting costly protectionist policies pursued by developed
countries.
    The minister said the EC Commission's new farm trade paper
will recognise the heavy financial burdens imposed by its
Common Agricultural Policy and its future expansion.
    He said the Reagan Administration has also displayed a
determination to resist the currently strong protectionist
sentiment in the U.S. Congress.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21392>
Turkey's current account deficit widened
in July to 674 mln dlrs from 454 mln in June but fell from 1.22
billion in July last year, the State Statistics Institute said.
    The cumulative trade position in July showed a 1.85 billion
dlr deficit after 1.33 billion in June and 1.89 billion a year
earlier, with exports at 4.91 billion and imports, both FOB, at
6.76 billion.
    The government aims to narrow the current account deficit
for the whole of 1987 to 975 mln dlrs, compared with 1.52
billion last year, up from 1.01 billion in 1985.
    Bankers forecast the 1987 deficit will exceed one billion
dlrs,  because a spurt in exports is expected to slow
considerably in the last five months following a massive
drawdown of inventories.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21562>
The Philippines' trade deficit widened to
542 mln dlrs in the eight months to end-August from 159 mln
dlrs in the same 1986 period, the National Statistics Office
said.
    It said exports in the eight-month period rose to 3.58
billion dlrs from 3.18 billion in 1986, while imports rose to
4.12 billion dlrs from 3.34 billion a year earlier.
    The country's trade deficit totalled 202 mln dlrs in 1986.
 REUTER
</BODY>
