<BODY DOCID=14833>
Indonesia expects crude palm oil (CPO)
prices to rise sharply to between 450 and 550 dlrs a tonne FOB
sometime this year because of better European demand and a fall
in Malaysian output, Hasrul Harahap, junior minister for tree
crops, told Indonesian reporters.
    Prices of Malaysian and Sumatran CPO are now around 332
dlrs a tonne CIF for delivery in Rotterdam, traders said.
    Harahap said Indonesia would maintain its exports, despite
making recent palm oil purchases from Malaysia, so that it
could possibly increase its international market share.
    Indonesia, the world's second largest producer of palm oil
after Malaysia, has been forced to import palm oil to ensure
supplies during the Moslem fasting month of Ramadan.
    Harahap said it was better to import to cover a temporary
shortage than to lose export markets.
    Indonesian exports of CPO in calendar 1986 were 530,500
tonnes, against 468,500 in 1985, according to central bank
figures.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14840>
The Indonesian Commodity Exchange is
likely to start trading in at least one new commodity, and
possibly two, during calendar 1987, exchange chairman Paian
Nainggolan said.
    He told Reuters in a telephone interview that trading in
palm oil, sawn timber, pepper or tobacco was being considered.
    Trading in either crude palm oil (CPO) or refined palm oil
may also be introduced. But he said the question was still
being considered by Trade Minister Rachmat Saleh and no
decision on when to go ahead had been made.
    The fledgling exchange currently trades coffee and rubber
physicals on an open outcry system four days a week.
    "Several factors make us move cautiously," Nainggolan said.
"We want to move slowly and safely so that we do not make a
mistake and undermine confidence in the exchange."
    Physical rubber trading was launched in 1985, with coffee
added in January 1986. Rubber contracts are traded FOB, up to
five months forward. Robusta coffee grades four and five are
traded for prompt delivery and up to five months forward,
exchange officials said.
    The trade ministry and exchange board are considering the
introduction of futures trading later for rubber, but one
official said a feasibility study was needed first. No
decisions are likely until after Indonesia's elections on April
23, traders said.
    Trade Minister Saleh said on Monday that Indonesia, as the
world's second largest producer of natural rubber, should
expand its rubber marketing effort and he hoped development of
the exchange would help this.
    Nainggolan said that the exchange was trying to boost
overseas interest by building up contacts with end-users.
    He said teams had already been to South Korea and Taiwan to
encourage direct use of the exchange, while a delegation would
also visit Europe, Mexico and some Latin American states to
encourage participation.
    Officials say the infant exchange has made a good start
although trading in coffee has been disappointing.
    Transactions in rubber between the start of trading in
April 1985 and December 1986 totalled 9,595 tonnes, worth 6.9
mln dlrs FOB, plus 184.3 mln rupiah for rubber delivered
locally, the latest exchange report said.
     Trading in coffee in calendar 1986 amounted to only 1,905
tonnes in 381 lots, valued at 6.87 billion rupiah.
     Total membership of the exchange is now nine brokers and
44 traders.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14892>
Malaysia is unlikely to meet its
targeted output of five mln tonnes of oil palm in calendar
1987, oil palm growers told Reuters.
    Output in 1987 is expected to reach around 4.5 mln tonnes,
unchanged from 1986, because of drought, low use of fertiliser
and overstressed palms, they said.
    The growers were asked for their reaction to an Oil World
newsletter report that Malaysia's oil palm output is likely to
drop sharply this year.
    Palm oil now sells at around 700 ringgit a tonne, or about
115 ringgit less than soybean oil, but Malaysia must sell more
palm oil to prevent a stock buildup that could damage the
industry, a leading grower told Reuters.
    The country's palm oil stocks now total some 500,000 tonnes
against about 800,000 last March, the growers said.
    The growers expect palm oil prices to ease later this year
due to pressure from South American and U.S. Soybean output.
    The current South American oilseed harvest, mainly soybean,
is likely to be around 25.7 mln tonnes against the previous
21.7 mln tonne crop, they said.
    In addition, new U.S. Soybean plantings are also expected
to enter the market around November when Malaysian palm oil
output peaks.
    They said new planting of palms is also likely to slow,
with some 50,000 hectares expected to be planted with new trees
against 100,000 in 1986, although the effects of this reduction
will not be felt for about another three years.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15341>
The U.S. Agriculture Department is
currently discussing an amendment to a PL 480 agreement signed
with Morocco on January 22, but the mix of commodities under
the amendment has not been determined, a U.S. Agriculture
Department official said.
    The official noted the agreement signed in January provided
for the supply of about 55,000 tonnes of vegetable oil, 55,000
tonnes of corn and 126,000 tonnes of wheat, all for delivery
during the current fiscal year, ending this September 30.
    No purchase authorizations for the commodities provided in
the January agreement have been announced by the department.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15500>
The Argentine Grain Board adjusted
minimum export prices of grain and oilseed products in dlrs per
tonne FOB, previous in brackets, as follows:
    Sorghum 64 (63), sunflowerseed cake and expellers 103 (102)
, pellets 101 (100), meal 99 (98), linseed oil 274 (264),
groundnutseed oil 450 (445), soybean oil 300 (290), rapeseed
oil 290 (280).
    Sunflowerseed oil for shipment through May 323 (313) and
june onwards 330 (320).
    The board also adjusted export prices at which export taxes
are levied in dlrs per tonne FOB, previous in brackets, as
follows:
    Bran pollard wheat 40 (42), pellets 42 (44).
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15751>
Morocco is scheduled to tender April 14
for a total of 55,000 tonnes of U.S. soyoil under PL-480 for
shipments from May through September, private export sources
said.
    The tender calls for shipment of 6,100 tonnes in May,
12,200 tonnes each in June, July and August and 12,300 tonnes
in September, they said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15853>
Following are highlights of the U.S.
Agriculture Department supply/demand projections for the
1986/87 seasons, in mln bushels, with comparisons, unless noted
--
    Corn -- Stocks, Aug 31, 1987, at 5,240, vs 5,595 last
month. Stocks, Aug 31, 1986, at 4,040, vs 4,040 last month.
    Exports projected at 1,375, vs 1,250 last month. Exports in
1985/86 at 1,241, vs 1,241 last month.
    Domestic use at 5,680, vs 5,450 last month. Usage in the
1985/86 season at 5,255, vs 5,255 last month.
    Wheat -- Stocks, May 31, 1987, projected at 1,848, vs 1,877
last month. Stocks on May 31, 1986, at 1,905, vs 1,905 last
month.
    Exports in 1986/87 season at 1,025, vs 1,025 last month.
1985/86 season at 915, vs 915 last month.
    Domestic use in 1986/87 at 1,134, vs 1,105 last month.
1985/86 at 1,045, vs 1,045 last month.
    Cotton -- in mln 480 lb bales - Stocks, July 31, 1987, at
5.40, vs 5.49 last month. Stocks July 31, 1986, at 9.35, vs
9.35 last month.
    Exports in 1986/87 season at 6.66, vs 6.76 last month.
Exports in 1985/86 - 1.96, vs 1.96 last month.
    Soybeans -- in mln bushels - Stocks, Aug 31, 1987,
projected at 610, vs 635 last month. Stocks Aug 31, 1986, at
536, vs 536 last month.
    Soybean crushings during 1986/87 - 1,130, vs 1,115 last
month. Crushings in 1985/86 at 1,053, vs 1,053 last month.
    Exports in 1986/87 season at 700, vs 700 last month.
Exports in 1985/86 at 740, vs 740 last month.
    Soybean Oil -- mln lbs - Stocks on Sept 30, 1987, at 1,360,
vs 1,200 last month. Stocks on Sept 30, 1986, at 947,  vs 947
last month.
    Exports in 1986/87 at 1,350, vs 1,350 last month.  Exports
in 1985/86 at 1,257, vs 1,257 last month.
    Soybean Cake/Meal -- thousand short tons - Stocks, Sept 30,
1987, at 270, vs 315 last month. Stocks, Sept 30, 1986, at 212,
vs 212 last month.
    Exports in 1986/87 season at 6,500, vs 6,350 last month. 
Exports in 1985/86 at 6,036, vs 6,008 last month.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15871>
The U.S. Agriculture Department gave
the net change in export commitments, including sales,
cancellations, foreign purchases and cumulative exports, in the
current seasons through the week ended April 2, with
comparisons, as follows, in tonnes, except as noted --
                        4/2/87   Prev Week
            All Wheat   119,800    368,300
                 Corn 1,001,900    927,000
             Soybeans   240,500    300,900
         Soy Cake/Meal  117,700    170,200
          Soybean Oil     2,400-x    8,100
            Cotton-Y     60,200     31,900
   x-minus total. Y-running bales.
    The indicated totals include reported commitments to both
named and unnamed destinations, sales on exporters' own account
and optional origin sales plus actual exports already made
during the respective marketing seasons.
    The USDA cautions that reported outstanding sales are
subject to modification, deferral or cancellation and it is
unlikely that all reported quantities will be exported.
    USDA gave detailed breakdowns for the 1986/87 and 1987/88
seasons as follows, in thousand tonnes unless stated --
 (A) - Firm sales to a declared destination.
 (B) - Ultimate destination not yet declared.
 (C) - Sales made on exporters' own account.
 (D) - Exporter holds option to fill commitment with supplies 
from origins other than U.S.
 (E) - Accumulated exports since season began based on data 
reported by exporters.
 (F) - Indicated total for season.
 (G) - USDA-projected exports for season.
 Note -- Totals may not add due to rounding.
     ALL WHEAT
                1986/87             1987/88
             4/2/87   Prev Wk  4/3/87 Prev Wk
 Named-A    3,157.6   3,684.1 1,591.4 1,635.6
 Unnamed-B    143.8     144.3    87.1    57.1
 E.O.A.-C       9.5       9.5     nil     nil
 O.O.P.-D       nil       nil     nil     nil
 Gr Total   3,310.9   3,837.9 1,679.0 1,692.7
 Ay Expd-E 21,044.6  20,433.4
 Ind Ttl-F 24,355.5  24,271.3
 USDAPRJ-G 27,900.0  27,900.0
    SOYBEANS
                 1986/87            1987/88
             4/2/87   Prev Wk   4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A    1,774.7  1,780.3     215.9   215.9
 Unnamed-B    500.3    524.8       nil    30.0
 E.O.A.-C      18.4     18.4       nil     nil
 O.O.P.-D       nil      nil       nil     nil
 Gr Total   2,293.4  2,323.5     215.9   245.9
 Ay Expd-E 14,334.2 14,183.2
 Ind Ttl-F 16,627.6 16,506.7
 USDAPRJ-G 19,050.0 19,050.0
    CORN
                1986/87             1987/88
            4/2/87    Prev Wk    4/2/87 Prev WK
 Named-A    8,559.8   8,684.8    772.1   268.8
 Unnamed-B    945.7     920.1      nil     nil
 E.O.A-C       90.8      66.9      nil     nil
 O.O.P-D      138.0     175.0      nil     nil
 Gr Total   9,734.3   9,846.9    772.1   268.8
 Ay Expd-E 20,296.0  19,293.8
 Ind Ttl-F 30,030.3  29,140.7
 USDAPRJ-G 31,750.0  31,750.0
    SORGHUM
                1986/87            1987/88
             4/2/87  Prev Wk    4/2/87 Prev WK
 Named-A      875.6    805.1     nil      nil
 Unnamed-B    151.2    151.2     10.2-x   nil
 E.O.A-C        nil      nil     nil      nil
 O.O.P-D      114.5    138.3     nil      nil
 Gr Total   1,141.3  1,094.6     10.2-x   nil
 Ay Expd-E  3,222.5  3,149.7
 Ind Ttl-F  4,363.8  4,244.3
 USDAPRJ-G  5,720.0  5,720.0
 x-minus total 
    WHEAT PRODUCTS
               1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87  Prev Wk   4/2/87   Prev Wk
 Named-A     321.0   401.9       nil    nil
 Unnamed-B     nil     nil       nil    nil
 E.O.A.-C      nil     nil       nil    nil
 O.O.P.-D      nil     nil       nil    nil
 Gr Total    321.0   401.9       nil    nil
 Ay Expd-E   926.9   840.9
 Ind Ttl-F 1,348.2 1,242.8
  Note - Includes bulgur, semolina, farina, rolled, cracked and
crushed wheat.
    SOYBEAN OIL
               1986/87           1987/88
           4/2/87  Prev Wk    4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A      8.8    10.4      nil     nil
 Unnamed-B    7.0    10.5      nil     nil
 E.O.A-C      nil     nil      nil     nil
 O.O.P-D      nil     nil      nil     nil
 Gr Total    15.8    20.9      nil     nil
 Ay Expd-E  138.4   135.8
 Ind Ttl-F  154.2   156.7
 USDAPRJ-G  610.0   610.0
    SOYBEAN CAKE AND MEAL
                1986/87             1987/88
             4/2/87  Prev Wk    4/2/87 Prev Wk
 Named-A      788.0    869.7    50.7      48.4
 Unnamed-B     76.0     94.0     nil       nil
 E.O.A-C        2.7      6.1     nil       nil
 O.O.P-D        nil      nil     nil       nil
 Gr Total     866.7    969.8    50.7      48.4
 Ay Expd-E  4,098.0  3,880.6
 Ind Ttl-F  4,964.7  4,850.4
 USDAPRJ-G  5,760.0  5,760.0
     COTTONSEED OIL
               1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87  Prev Wk   4/2/87   Prev Wk
 Named-A      7.4     7.2       nil     nil
 Unnamed-B    0.3     0.3       nil     nil
 E.O.A.-C     nil     nil       nil     nil
 O.O.P.-D     7.8     7.8       nil     nil
 Gr Total    15.4    15.2       nil     nil
    ALL UPLAND DOMESTIC RAW COTTON-Y
                1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87    Prev Wk   4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A    2,007.9  2,076.1     468.2   457.2
 Unnamed-B     20.3     20.2       nil     nil
 E.O.A-C        nil      nil       nil     nil
 O.O.P-C        nil      nil       nil     nil
 Gr Total   2,028.2  2,096.3     468.2   457.2
 Ay Expd-E  4,333.1  4,204.7
 Ind Ttl-F  6,361.3  6,301.0
 USDAPRJ-G  6,335.0  6,335.0
  Y-In thousand running bales.
    BARLEY
                 1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87   Prev Wk     4/2/87 Prev Wk
 Named-A      559.5    584.5      nil      nil
 Unnamed-B     12.7     12.7      nil      nil
 E.O.A.-C       nil      nil      nil      nil
 O.O.P.-D      25.0     25.0      nil      nil
 Gr Total     597.1    622.1      nil      nil
 Ay Expt-E  2,464.6  2,440.7
 Ind Ttl-F  3,061.7  3,062.8
 USDAPRJ-G  3,270.0  3,270.0
    OATS
             1986/87            1987/88
           4/2/87 Prev Wk    4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A     nil    nil       nil    nil
 Unnamed-B   nil    nil       nil    nil
 E.O.A.-C    nil    nil       nil    nil
 O.O.P.-D    nil    nil       nil    nil
 Gr Total    nil    nil       nil    nil
 Ay Expd-E   2.4    2.4
 Ind Ttl-F   2.4    2.4
 USDAPRJ-G  30.0   30.0
    RICE
                1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87   Prev Wk    4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A      347.6    369.1      nil     nil
 Unnamed-B      1.0      1.0      nil     nil
 E.O.A-C        nil      nil      nil     nil
 O.O.P-D        nil      nil      nil     nil
 Gr Total     348.6    370.1      nil     nil
 Ay Expd-E  1,718.8  1,688.2
 Ind Ttl-F  2,067.4  2,058.3
 USDAPRJ-G  2,580.0  2,580.0
    HARD RED WINTER WHEAT
               1986/87            1987/88
           4/2/87   Prev Wk     4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A   1,738.0  2,019.7     893.0   943.0
 Unnamed-B    80.5     70.5     107.6    77.2
 E.O.A.-C      nil      nil       nil     nil
 O.O.P.-D      nil      nil       nil     nil
 Gr Total  1,818.5  2,090.2   1,000.6 1,020.2
 Ay Exp-E  8,332.1  7,974.5
 Ind Tl-F 10,150.6 10,064.8
    WHITE WHEAT
               1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87  Prev Wk    4/2/87   Prev Wk
 Named-A     548.5    635.6     58.0    58.0
 Unnamed-B    19.0-x   19.0-x    6.0-x   6.0-x
 E.O.A.-C      nil      nil      nil     nil
 O.O.P.-D      nil      nil      nil     nil
 Gr Total    529.5    616.6     52.0    52.0
 Ay Exp-E  3,831.5  3,757.7
 Ind Tl-F  4,361.0  4,374.3
  x - denotes minus figure
    HARD RED SPRING WHEAT
              1986/87             1987/88
          4/2/87   Prev Wk    4/2/87   Prev Wk
 Named-A    576.6    620.6    164.7   164.7
 Unnamed-B   29.6     16.0      nil     nil
 E.O.A.-C     0.9      0.9      nil     nil
 O.O.P.-D     nil      nil      nil     nil
 Gr Total   607.1    637.5    164.7   164.7
 Ay Exp-E 4,312.4  4,247.6
 Ind Tl-F 4,919.5  4,885.1
     DURUM WHEAT
              1986/87              1987/88
           4/2/87   Prev Wk    4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A    166.6    280.3      93.4   93.4
 Unnamed-B   52.8     76.9       nil    nil
 E.O.A.-C     2.8      2.8       nil    nil
 O.O.P.-D     nil      nil       nil    nil
 Gr Total   222.2    360.0      93.4   93.4
 Ay Exp-E 1,842.6  1,727.5
 Ind Tl-F 2,064.8  2,087.5
    SOFT RED WINTER WHEAT
               1986/87             1987/88
            4/2/87  Prev Wk     4/2/87  Prev Wk
 Named-A     127.8    127.8    382.3   376.5
 Unnamed-B     nil      nil     14.0-x  14.0-x
 E.O.A.-C      5.8      5.8      nil     nil
 O.O.P.-D      nil      nil      nil     nil
 Gr Total    133.6    133.6    368.3   362.5
 Ay Exp-E  2,726.0  2,726.0
 Ind Tl-F  2,859.6  2,859.6
 x-minus figure
    Country and destinations of the identified sales of
commodities reported by exporters in week ended April 2 for
the respective marketing seasons were detailed by the USDA as
follows, with comparisons for the previous week, in thousands
of tonnes, except where noted-- 
 ALL WHEAT  
               1986/87             1987/88
             4/2/87  Prev Wk   4/2/87   Prev Wk
 E.C.          nil     nil      50.0    50.0
 Other West
 Europe      218.8   236.8       nil     nil
 East Europe 261.0   346.0      25.0    25.0
    ALL WHEAT Continued
                 1986/87            1987/88
             4/2/87  Prev Wk    4/2/87  Prev Wk
 USSR           nil      nil      nil     nil
 Japan        490.4    662.2      nil     nil
 China         90.0     90.0    910.0   910.0
 Taiwan       115.0    141.0    144.0   144.0
 Other Asia and
 Oceania      654.9    730.9     28.6    78.6
 Africa       959.5  1,115.0    167.1   167.1
 Western
 Hemisphere   367.9    362.1    266.7   260.9
 SOYBEANS        1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87   Prev Wk   4/2/87   Prev Wk
 E.C.        302.2     317.7    91.4     91.4
 Other West
 Europe       25.0      25.0     nil      nil
 East Europe 101.0     101.0     nil      nil
 Japan       355.4     330.5     nil      nil
 China         nil       nil     nil      nil
 Taiwan      472.0     499.0    87.0     87.0
 Other Asia and
 Oceania     164.6     187.7     nil      nil
 Africa        nil       nil     nil      nil
 Western
 Hemisphere  354.4     391.5     37.5    37.5
    SOYBEAN OIL
             1986/87           1987/88
          4/2/87  Prev Wk    4/2/87  Prev Wk
 E.C.        1.5     1.5      nil     nil
 India       nil     nil      nil     nil
 Other Asia and
 Oceania     nil     nil      nil     nil
 Africa      nil     nil      nil     nil
 Western
 Hemisphere  7.3     8.9      nil     nil
    SOYBEAN CAKE/MEAL
                 1986/87            1987/88
            4/2/87   Prev Wk   4/2/87   Prev Wk
 E.C.        301.7   350.7     47.2   45.0
 Other West
 Europe        nil     nil      nil    nil
 East Europe   nil    36.0      nil    nil
 Japan         nil     3.5      nil    nil
 Other Asia and
 Oceania      25.0    40.0      nil    nil
 Africa       30.2    38.0      nil    nil
 Western
 Hemisphere  431.0   401.5      3.4    3.4
    CORN         1986/87            1987/88
              4/2/87   Prev Wk   4/2/87  Prev Wk
 E.C.           82.5     22.5       0.2     0.2
 Other West
 Europe          nil      0.8       nil     nil
 E. Europe      94.0     50.0      50.0    50.0
 USSR        2,432.7  2,543.8       nil     nil
 Japan       2,767.4  2,787.8      52.4    21.0
 China         495.0    555.0       nil     nil
 Taiwan        791.0    836.0     390.0   170.0
 Other Asia and
 Oceania       721.7    615.2     250.0     nil
 Africa        125.0    195.5       nil     nil
 WestHem     1,050.5  1,114.0      29.4    27.6
    UPLAND COTTON (In thousand bales)
               1986/87             1987/88
            4/2/87  Prev Wk     4/2/87 Prev Wk
 E.C.        260.9    266.1     97.9    95.0
 Other West
 Europe       62.2     66.2      8.7     8.7
 E. Europe     3.1      3.1      nil     nil
 Japan       445.8    484.1     72.3    70.1
 Taiwan      377.9    390.4     41.6    39.5
 Other Asia and
 Oceania     741.7    783.4    244.5   241.1
 Africa       16.7     13.4      nil     nil
 Western
 Hemisphere   99.6     69.5      3.2     2.7
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15875>
The U.S. Agriculture Department made
the following supply/demand projections for the 1986/87
seasons, in mln bushels, with comparisons, unless noted --
    CORN --     1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Acreage (mln acres) --
     Planted   76.7    76.7     83.4    83.4
   Harvested   69.2    69.2     75.2    75.2
  Yield (bu)  119.3   119.3    118.0   118.0
 Supply (mln bu) -- 
 Start Stock  4,040   4,040    1,648   1,648
  Production  8,253   8,253    8,877   8,877
     Total-X 12,295  12,295   10,536  10,536
  X-Includes imports.
    CORN (cont.)
                 1986/87           1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Usage: Feed  4,500    4,300     4,095    4,126
       Other  1,180    1,150     1,160    1,129
  Ttl Domest  5,680    5,450     5,255    5,255
     Exports  1,375    1,250     1,241    1,241
   Total Use  7,055    6,700     6,496    6,496
  End Stocks  5,240    5,595     4,040    4,040
 Farmer Reser 1,400    1,300       564      564
  CCC Stocks  1,700    1,500       546      546
 Free Stocks  2,140    2,795     2,930    2,930
  AvgPrice  1.35-1.65  1.35-1.65  2.23     2.23
  Note - Price in dlrs per bu. Corn season begins Sept 1.
    ALL WHEAT -
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Acreage (mln acres) --
     Planted   72.0    72.0     75.6    75.6
   Harvested   60.7    60.7     64.7    64.7
       Yield   34.4    34.4     37.5    37.5
 Supply (mln bu) --
 Start Stcks  1,905   1,905    1,425   1,425
  Production  2,087   2,087    2,425   2,425
       Total
    Supply-X  4,007   4,007    3,865   3,865
 X - Includes imports.
    ALL WHEAT   1986/87            1985/86
 (cont.)   04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Usage: Food    700    690       678    678
        Seed     84     90        93     93
        Feed    350    325       274    274
  Ttl Domest  1,134  1,105     1,045  1,045
     Exports  1,025  1,025       915    915
   Total Use  2,159  2,130     1,960  1,960
  End Stocks  1,848  1,877     1,905  1,905
 Farmer Reser   475    450       433    433
  CCC Stocks    950    950       602    602
 Free Stocks    423    477       870    870
  Avg Price  2.30-40  2.30-40   3.08   3.08
 Note - Price in dlrs per bushel. Wheat season begins June 1.
    SOYBEANS -
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Acreage (mln acres) --
      Planted   61.5   61.5     63.1   61.1
    Harvested   59.4   59.4     61.6   61.6
   Yield (bu)   33.8   33.8     34.1   34.1
 Supply (mln bu) --
 Start Stocks    536    536      316    316
   Production  2,007  2,007    2,099  2,099
        Total  2,543  2,543    2,415  2,415
    SOYBEANS (cont.)
               1986/87             1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87   04/09/87 03/09/87
      Usage --
  Crushings  1,130   1,115      1,053   1,053
    Exports    700     700        740     740
 Seed, Feed and
   Residual    103      93         86      86
  Total Use  1,933   1,908      1,879   1,879
 End Stocks    610     635        536     536
 Avg Price 4.60-4.80 4.60-4.80   5.05    5.05
 Note - Average price in dlrs per bushel. Soybean season begins
June 1.
    FEEDGRAINS - X
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Acreage (mln acres) --
      Planted  119.8   119.8     128.1   128.1
    Harvested  102.0   102.0     111.8   111.8
 Yld (tonnes)   2.48    2.48      2.45    2.45
 Supply (mln tonnes) --
 Start Stocks  126.4   126.4      57.5    57.5
   Production  252.4   252.4     274.4   274.4
      Imports    0.6     0.6       0.9     0.9
        Total  379.4   379.4     332.7   332.7
 X - Includes corn, sorghum, barley, oats.
    FEEDGRAINS - X (cont.)
                 1986/87          1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Usage: Feed  140.6   136.2     134.8   135.5
       Other   35.8    35.0      35.0    34.3
  Ttl Domest  176.4   171.2     169.8   169.8
     Exports   43.9    40.8      36.6    36.6
   Total Use  220.3   211.9     206.4   206.4
  End Stocks  159.1   167.5     126.4   126.4
 Farmer Reser  39.0    36.5      16.6    16.6
  CCC Stocks   55.2    49.5      20.4    20.4
 Free Stocks   64.8    81.5      89.3    89.3
 X - Includes corn, sorghum, oats, barley. Seasons for oats,
barley began June 1, corn and sorghum Sept 1.
    SOYBEAN OIL -
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Supply (mln lbs) --
 Start Stcks     947     947       632     632
  Production  12,263  12,103    11,617  11,617
     Imports     Nil     Nil         8       8
       Total  13,210  13,050    12,257  12,257
 Note - 1985/86 production estimates based on October year
crush of 1,060 mln bushels.
    SOYBEAN OIL (cont.) -
               1986/87             1985/86
          04/09/87  03/09/87  04/09/87  03/09/87
 Usage (mln lbs) --
  Domestic  10,500    10,500    10,053   10,053
   Exports   1,350     1,350     1,257    1,257
     Total  11,850    11,850    11,310   11,310
 End Stcks   1,360     1,200       947      947
 AvgPrice  14.5-16.0  15.0-17.0  18.00    18.00
 Note - Average price in cents per lb. Season for soybean oil
begins Oct 1.
    SOYBEAN CAKE/MEAL, in thousand short tons --
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks     212     212       387     387
  Production  26,558  26,203    24,951  24,951
       Total  26,770  26,415    25,338  25,338
 Note - 1985/86 production estimates based on October year
crush of 1,060 mln bushels.
    SOY CAKE/MEAL (cont.) -
               1986/87            1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Usage (thous short tons) --
  Domestic   20,000  19,750    19,090  19,118
   Exports    6,500   6,350     6,036   6,008
     Total   26,500  26,100    25,126  25,126
 End Stcks      270     315       212     212
  AvgPrice  145-150  145-150   154.90  154.90
  Note - Price in dlrs per short ton. Season for soybean cake
and meal begins Oct 1.
    COTTON --
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Area (mln acres) --
      Planted  10.06   10.06     10.68   10.68
    Harvested   8.49    8.49     10.23   10.23
  Yield (lbs)    549     553       630     630
 Supply (mln 480-lb bales) --
 Start Stks-X   9.35    9.35      4.10    4.10
   Production   9.70    9.79     13.43   13.43
 Ttl Supply-Y  19.06   19.14     17.57   17.57
  X - Based on Census Bureau data. Y - Includes imports.
    COTTON (cont.) -
               1986/87           1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
   Usage --
   Domestic   7.10    7.01     6.40    6.40
    Exports   6.66    6.76     1.96    1.96
      Total  13.76   13.77     8.36    8.36
 End Stocks   5.40    5.49     9.35    9.35
 Avge Price  51.7-X  51.7-X   56.50   56.50
 X - 1986/87 price is weighted average for first five months of
marketing year, not a projection for 1986/87. Average price in
cents per lb. Cotton season begins August 1.
    RICE
               1986/87            1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Acreage (mln acres) --
     Planted   2.40    2.40      2.51    2.51
   Harvested   2.38    2.38      2.49    2.49
 Yield (lbs)  5,648   5,648     5,414   5,414
 Supply (mln cwts) --
 Start Stcks   77.3    77.3      64.7    64.7
  Production  134.4   134.4     134.9   134.9
     Imports    2.2     2.2       2.2     2.2
       Total  213.9   213.9     201.8   201.8
    RICE (cont.)
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Usage (mln cwts) --
    Domestic   67.0    67.0      65.8    65.8
     Exports   80.0    80.0      58.7    58.7
     Total-Y  147.0   147.0     124.5   124.5
  End Stocks   66.9    66.9      77.3    77.3
  CCC Stocks   42.9    42.9      41.5    41.5
 Free Stocks   24.0    24.0      35.8    35.8
   AvgPrice 3.45-4.25 3.45-4.25  6.53    6.53
 Note - Average price in dlrs per CWT. Y-Rough equivalent.
N.A.-Not Available, USDA revising price definition due to
marketing loan. Rice season begins August 1.
    SORGHUM
               1986/87            1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
  Yield (bu)  67.7    67.7     66.8    66.8
 Supply (mln bu) --
 Start Stcks   551     551      300     300
  Production   942     942    1,120   1,120
       Total 1,493   1,493    1,420   1,420
  Usage (mln bu) --
        Feed   550     575      662     662
       Other    30      30       29      29
  Ttl Domest   580     605      691     691
    SORGHUM (cont.) -
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
    Exports     225     225       178     178
  Total Use     805     830       869     869
 End Stocks     688     663       551     551
 Avge Price  1.30-50  1.30-50    1.93    1.93
 Note - Price in dlrs per bushel. Sorghum season begins Sept 1.
    BARLEY
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
   Yield (bu)  50.8    50.8      51.0    51.0
 Start Stocks   325     325       247     247
   Production   610     610       591     591
      Imports     5       5         9       9
        Total   941     941       847     847
    BARLEY (cont.)
             1986/87            1985/86
        04/09/87 03/15/87  04/09/87 03/15/87
 Usage (mln bu) --
       Feed  300    300       333    333
      Other  175    175       167    167
 Ttl Domest  475    475       500    500
    Exports  150    150        22     22
  Total Use  625    625       522    522
 End Stocks  316    316       325    325
  AvgPrice 1.45-65  1.45-65  1.98   1.98
 Note - Average price in dlrs per bushel. Barley season begins
June 1.
    OATS - in mln bushels
               1986/87            1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
  Yield (bu)  56.0   56.0      63.7   63.7
 Start Stcks   184    184       180    180
  Production   385    385       521    521
     Imports    30     30        28     28
       Total   598    598       729    729
    OATS, in mln bushels (cont.)
              1986/87             1985/86
         04/09/87 03/09/87   04/09/87 03/09/87
     Usage --
      Feed   400     400       460     460
     Other    85      85        83      83
 Ttl Domes   485     485       543     543
   Exports     2       2         2       2
     Total   487     487       545     545
 End Stcks   111     111       184     184
 AvgPrice 1.00-20  1.00-20    1.23    1.23
  Note - Average price in dlrs per bushel. Oats season begins
June 1.
    LONG GRAIN RICE, in mln CWTs (100 lbs) --
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
   Harvested --
 Acres (mln)   1.83    1.83     1.94    1.94
 Yield (lbs)  5,358   5,358    5,168   5,168
  Start Stks   49.3    49.3     37.7    37.7
  Production   97.8    97.8    100.4   100.4
  Ttl Supply  148.6   148.6    140.1   140.1
 Note -- Starting Stocks does not include broken kernels --
Supply minus use does not equal ending stocks in breakdowns.
Total Supply includes imports but not broken kernels.
    LONG GRAIN RICE, in mln CWTs (100 lbs), cont. --
                 1986/87           1985/86
            04/09/87 03/09/87 04/09/87 03/09/87
 Domestic Use   43.0    43.0      48.8    48.8
      Exports   65.0    60.0      42.0    42.0
    Total Use  108.0   103.0      90.8    90.8
 End Stocks-X   40.6    45.6      49.3    49.3
    AvgPric 3.45-4.25 3.45-4.24   6.86    6.86
 Note - Average price in dlrs per cwt. X-Broken kernels not
included -- supply minus use does not equal ending stocks in
breakdowns. Rice season begins August 1.
    MEDIUM, SHORT GRAIN RICE - in mln CWTs (100 lbs) --
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
   Harvested --
 Acres (mln)   0.55    0.55     0.55    0.55
 Yield (lbs)  6,651   6,651    6,258   6,258
  Start Stks   26.7    26.7     25.7    25.7
  Production   36.6    36.6     34.5    34.5
  Ttl Supply   65.3    65.3     61.7    61.7
 Note -- Starting Stocks does not include broken kernels --
Supply minus use does not equal ending stocks in breakdowns.
Total Supply includes imports but not broken kernels.
    MEDIUM, SHORT GRAIN RICE, in mln CWTs (100 lbs), cont. --
                 1986/87          1985/86
            04/09/87 03/09/87 04/09/87 03/09/87
 Domestic Use   24.0    24.0      17.0    17.0
      Exports   15.0    20.0      16.7    16.7
    Total Use   39.0    44.0      33.7    33.7
 End Stocks-X   24.5    19.5      26.7    26.7
    AvgPric 3.45-4.25  3.45-4.25  5.91    5.91
 Note - Average price in dlrs per CWT. X-Broken kernels not
included - supply minus use does not equal ending stocks in
breakdowns. Rice season begins August 1.
    NOTES ON U.S. SUPPLY/DEMAND TABLES
    -- N.A. - Not available.
    -- Totals may not add due to rounding.
    -- Figures for 1986/87 are midpoint of USDA range.
    -- Feed usage for corn, wheat, soybean, feedgrains,
sorghum, barley, oats includes residual amount.
    -- Residual amount included in rice and medium/short grain
rice domestic usage.
    -- Rice, long grain, and medium/short grain rice average
price for 1985/86 estimates and 1986/87 projections are market
prices and exclude cash retained under the marketing loan since
April, 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15890>
Exports of the following commodities
between start of current seasons and April 2, with comparisons,
as reported to USDA by exporters, in thousand tonnes, unless
noted --
               4/2/87    Prev Wk   4/3/86
 Wheat        21,044.6  20,398.3  19,725.8
 Soybeans     14,334.2  14,063.5  14,698.4
 Corn         20,296.0  19,194.6  25,182.6-x
 Sorghum       3,222.5   3,149.7   3,168.9-x
 Soybean Oil     138.4     135.8     179.9
 Soybean Meal  4,098.0   3,880.6   3,141.3
 Cotton        4,333.1   4,204.7   1,510.4
 X-2,059,300 tonnes of corn and 763,800 tonnes of sorghum added
to reflect change in marketing year to Sept-Aug.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15906>
The U.S. Agriculture Department made
the following 1986/87 projections in its world Supply/Demand
report, with comparisons, in mln tonnes, except where noted --
    Total World Grain
               1986/87            1985/86
         04/09/87  03/09/87  04/09/87  03/09/87
 Produc  1,682.31  1,686.11  1,663.69  1,663.70
 Total
 Supply  2,025.71  2,028.45  1,919.18  1,920.13
 Trade-X   212.15    211.89    204.42    203.92
 Usage   1,635.01  1,630.40  1,575.78  1,577.79
 End Stks  390.70    398.05    343.40    342.34
 X-Based on export estimate.
    All Wheat    1986/87           1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stks  137.05   136.48   125.54   125.87
 Production  529.20   528.40   498.97   498.81
 Imports      97.57    98.27    94.56    94.36
 Feed Use    101.79   100.82    90.19    90.56
 Total Domes 517.26   514.89   487.45   488.20
 Exports     101.08   101.20    95.92    95.76
 End Stocks  148.99   149.99   137.05   136.48
  Note - World imports/exports may not balance due to differing
marketing years, grains in transit and reporting discrepancies.
    Coarse Grain
                1986/87           1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks 181.64  181.10    107.80  108.40
 Production  835.21  838.82    844.60  844.84
 Imports      95.66   93.77     95.70   95.18
 Feed Use    514.07  510.20    510.20  510.80
 Total Domes 796.33  793.64    770.76  772.14
 Exports      98.97   98.47     96.02   95.76
 End Stocks  220.52  226.28    181.64  181.10
  Note - World imports/exports may not balance due to differing
marketing years, grain in transit and reporting discrepancies.
    Corn (Mln Tonnes)
                1986/87           1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks 123.08  123.11     61.09   61.75
 Production  477.26  480.29    481.86  481.92
 Imports      61.03   58.59     62.12   62.08
 Feed Use    295.49  289.47    286.53  287.42
 Ttl Domes   444.78  439.80    419.88  420.55
 Exports      62.80   62.10     62.53   62.15
 End Stocks  155.56  163.61    123.08  123.11
  Note - World imports/exports may not balance due to differing
marketing years, grain in transit and reporting discrepancies.

    Soybeans
                1986/87           1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks  23.03   22.84    17.59   17.58
 Production   99.98   99.43    96.74   96.53
 Imports      26.21   26.27    27.08   27.08
 Crushings    79.69   79.33    76.16   76.15
 Ttl Domes    97.53   96.40    92.36   92.34
 Exports      26.45   26.43    26.02   26.01
 End Stocks   25.23   25.71    23.03   22.84
  Note - Imports and exports do not balance due to differing
marketing years and time lags between reported exports and
imports.
    Soybean Meal
                1986/87            1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stocks  2.55    2.47     2.79    2.74
 Production   62.71   62.40    60.09   60.09
 Imports      23.47   23.49    23.48   23.47
 Consumption  62.69   62.49    61.06   61.10
 Exports      23.51   23.39    22.76   22.74
 End Stocks    2.52    2.47     2.55    2.47
  Note - Imports and exports may not balance due to differing
marketing years and time lags between reported exports and
imports.
    Soybean Oil
                1986/87          1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stocks  1.61   1.51       1.37   1.36
 Production   14.20  14.13      13.65  13.66
 Imports       3.31   3.29       3.08   3.05
 Consumption  14.02  14.03      13.33  13.40
 Exports       3.33   3.35       3.15   3.16
 End Stocks    1.78   1.54       1.61   1.51
   Note - Imports and exports do not balance due to differing
marketing years and time lags between reported exports and
imports.
    Cotton (Mln Bales)
               1986/87          1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks 45.87   48.14    42.70   43.11
 Production  69.53   69.66    78.94   78.92
 Imports     23.07   23.07    21.49   21.45
 Mill Use    80.72   77.08    76.84   74.79
 Exports     23.37   23.50    20.25   20.28
 End Stocks  34.16   39.99    45.87   48.14
  Note - Imports and exports may not balance due to cotton in
transit and reporting discrepancies in some countries.
    Rice (Milled Basis)
                1986/87          1985/86
           04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stocks 24.71   24.75     22.16   22.16
 Production  317.90  318.90    320.12  320.05
 Imports      10.56   10.63     11.68   11.70
 Dom. Use    321.41  321.87    317.58  317.46
 Exports      12.11   12.22     12.49   12.39
 End Stocks   21.19   21.78     24.71   24.75
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15923>
The U.S. Agriculture Department
detailed world supply/demand data for major importers and
exporters of soybean oil, by country, in mln tonnes --
    ARGENTINA --
               1986/87            1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks  0.10   0.10      0.10   0.10
 Production   0.77   0.77      0.73   0.73
 Imports       NIL    NIL       NIL    NIL
 Domes Use    0.10   0.10      0.11   0.11
 Exports      0.66   0.66      0.63   0.63
 End Stocks   0.10   0.10      0.10   0.10
    BRAZIL SOYBEAN OIL, in mln tonnes --
               1986/87            1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks  0.32   0.28      0.24   0.24
 Production   2.52   2.51      2.35   2.35
 Imports      0.15   0.15      0.12   0.12
 Domes Use    2.00   2.00      1.94   1.98
 Exports      0.65   0.65      0.45   0.45
 End Stocks   0.34   0.28      0.32   0.28
    EC-12 SOYBEAN OIL, in mln tonnes --
               1986/87            1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks  0.22   0.22      0.23   0.22
 Production   2.32   2.33      2.26   2.26
 Imports      0.44   0.44      0.50   0.50
 Domes Use    1.46   1.45      1.38   1.38
 Exports      1.29   1.30      1.39   1.39
 End Stocks   0.23   0.23      0.22   0.22
    INDIA SOYBEAN OIL --
               1986/87            1985/86
          04/09/87 03/09/87  04/09/87 03/09/87
 Start Stcks  0.12   0.07      0.21   0.21
 Production   0.17   0.17      0.15   0.15
 Imports      0.35   0.35      0.25   0.25
 Domes Use    0.52   0.52      0.49   0.54
 Exports       NIL    NIL       NIL    NIL
 End Stocks   0.12   0.07      0.12   0.07
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15975>
U.S. corn sales of just over 1.0 mln
tonnes in the week ended April 2 were eight pct above the prior
week, but 25 pct below the four-week average, the U.S.
Agriculture Department said.
    In comments on its latest Export Sales Report, the
department said Iraq, Japan and the USSR were the largest
buyers.
    Sales for the next marketing year, which begins September
1, totaled 503,200 tonnes and were mainly to Iraq and Taiwan.
    Wheat sales of 119,300 tonnes for the current season and
net reductions of 13,700 tonnes for the 1987/88 season were
four-fifths below the combined total for the prior week and the
four-week average, it said.
    Sri Lanka was the most active wheat destination with
purchases of 52,500 tonnes for the current year, it said.
    Other significant purchasers for the current year were
Mexico and Honduras, it said.
    Soybean sales of 240,500 tonnes were one-fifth below the
prior week and nearly one-third below the four-week average.
    Japan, Mexico, South Korea, Italy and Israel were the major
purchasers, the department said.
    Net sales of 117,700 tonnes of soybean cake and meal fell
31 pct from the previous week and 38 pct below the four-week
average. Major increases for West Germany, Venezuela, the
Netherlands and Saudi Arabia were partially offset by
reductions for unknown destinations, USDA said.
    Activity in soybean oil resulted in decreases of 2,400
tonnes, with sales to unknown destinations down by 2,700
tonnes, while sales to Canada increased 200 tonnes, the
Department said.
    Combined sales of 71,300 running bales of cotton -- 60,200
bales for the current season and 11,100 bales for 1987/88
season -- were four-fifths higher than the prior week's level
but nine pct below the four-week average.
    Mexico was the dominant buyer for the current year followed
by Zaire, Italy, and Spain, the department said.
The primary buyers for the 1987/88 season were South Korea,
Spain, Japan and Taiwan, the department said.
    Sorghum sales of 143,300 tonnes were 25 pct less than the
prior week, with Japan and Venezuela the main buyers. 
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16080>
The Agriculture Ministry estimates
Japan's edible oil demand will rise 1.5 pct in calendar 1987 to
1.68 mln tonnes from 1.65 mln in 1986.
    Domestic consumption will rise to 1.66 mln tonnes in 1987
from 1.64 mln in 1986, while imports will rise to 77,000 tonnes
from 70,000 and exports will be unchanged at 14,000.
    Edible oil supplies will total 1.75 mln tonnes in 1987
against 1.73 mln last year, including domestic output of 1.60
mln against 1.55 mln. Domestic supplies will comprise 725,000
of soybean oil (706,000 in 1986), 638,000 of rapeseed oil
(609,000) and 235,000 of other origin oils (231,000).
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16193>
Saudi Arabia is in the market for 4,000
tonnes of refined bleached deodorised palm olein for June 1/10
shipment, traders said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16362>
Saudi Arabia bought 4,000 tonnes of
Malaysian refined bleached deodorised palm olein for June 1/10
shipment at around 356 dlrs per tonne cost and freight Jeddah,
traders said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16752>
A 50 pct cut in the import tariff for
soybeans should help boost 1987 U.S. Soybean exports to Taiwan,
a spokesman for the joint committee of soybean importers told
Reuters.
    He said the cut to 3.5 from seven pct was approved by the
cabinet yesterday and would go into effect within a week.
    The cut will encourage local importers to increase 1987
soybean imports to 1.9 mln tonnes from 1.74 mln last year, he
said. The previous target for 1987 was 1.81 tonnes.
    Taiwan imports more than 90 pct of its soybeans from the
U.S. And the rest from South America.
    The spokesman said the increase in imports from the U.S. Is
in line with government efforts to reduce Taiwan's trade
surplus with Washington, which rose to 3.61 billion U.S. Dlrs
in the first quarter of 1987 from 2.78 billion a year ago.
    "The tariff cut is very helpful for American suppliers (who
want) to boost their exports to Taiwan," Steve Chen, country
director of the American Soybean Association, told Reuters.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17477>
Philippine Coconut Authority (PCA)
chairman Jose Romero said he would visit Brussels later this
month to lobby against a proposed 100 pct European Community
(EC) levy on vegetable oil imports.
    "I intend to visit Brussels and talk to whoever is putting
up this devilish scheme to impoverish third world countries
like the Philippines," Romero said in an interview.
    He said he did not know how much support the levy had
within the EC but he said he believed those originally opposed
to the tax were under pressure to change their position.
    Romero said a group of EC members led by West Germany, the
Netherlands, Denmark and Norway were opposed to the tax. But
there was a danger some of them would be persuaded to change
sides, and if that happened opposition could crumble.
    Romero said another threat to exports lay in an EC warning
that copra meal cake used in livestock feeds contained
dangerous levels of aflatoxin, a carcinogenic chemical.
    He said the EC standard of 0.02 parts of aflatoxin per
million parts of meal, which EC countries had been asked to
apply by October 1988, was too rigid. He said Philippine copra
cake contained much higher levels of aflatoxin.
    Aflatoxin comes from moulds which develop in copra when it
is not properly dried or ground.
    Romero said he would tell big buyers of copra meal in
London that the Philippines was doing its best to meet EC
standards. It was also trying to eliminate aflatoxin totally,
but this was likely to take several years of research.
    Copra meal exports were 817,641 tonnes or 35 pct of total
coconut exports in 1986. The meal was worth 73.5 mln dlrs.
    Romero said he would also visit Oxford University's
department of agricultural economics to discuss ways of
avoiding the copra process altogether.
    "There are ways of producing coconut products outside of
copra," Romero said. "We can process fresh coconut without drying
the meat in the sun. Through the wet process we can process
coconuts into other food or non-food products, or we can go to
the chemical root."
    He said there was a tendency for agricultural countries to
become more protectionist and he expected export prices of
coconut products to drop.
    "In the long term we will be getting less and less for more
and more production, and I'm not comfortable with that," he
said.
    With countries like Indonesia and Malaysia stepping up
production of palm oil, a coconut oil substitute, palm oil
output had risen nearly 70 pct since 1971, Romero said.
    "To add to that the U.S. Soybean Association is spending
billions of dollars to discredit palm oil and coconut oil by
saying that they are polysaturated fats and bad for the heart,"
he said.
    Romero said he expected coconut product export prices to
stay up for the rest of the year. They would probably touch a
high of 20 cents/pound from the current level of 18.59 cents,
and a sharp rise from year-ago levels of 10.50 cents.
    Romero said the Philippines was at the end of a five-year
coconut production cycle which showed production tended to fall
after two successive years of good harvests.
    He said 1985 and 1986 were good harvests and this year, to
add to the production fall, drought had affected output.
    "Traders are stocking up and when they have overbought the
prices will start declining again. The only sure way to keep
prices stable is by processing, adding more value," he said.
    Coconut farmers were being encouraged to intercrop by
planting other cash crops between coconut trees, he said.
    "A typical farm may have from 100 to 150 trees sitting on
10,000 square metres of land. That's a lot of space," Romero
said. He said the government's proposed land reform program
would exclude about 75 pct of the coconut farmers because they
had less than the proposed seven-hectares of land.
    "If the idea of land reform is to increase income levels,
production and employment then it won't happen," he said.
    PCA figures show about one-third of the country's
population is dependent on the coconut industry.
    Coconuts are planted on about 3.2 mln hectares or
one-fourth of total agricultural land.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17759>
European Community (EC)
Agriculture Commissioner Frans Andriessen said his proposal for
a tax of up to 330 European Currency Units per tonne on oils
and fats was likely to go up for discussion at next week's
summit meeting of EC leaders.
    EC farm ministers have been unable to agree the tax, one of
the main items proposed by Andriessen for the 1987-88 farm
price package.
    The tax, which would apply on both domestically-produced
and imported oils and fats, has been fiercely opposed by the
United States and developing countries' vegetable and marine
oil producers.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18150>
Developing countries said the European
Community (EC) would breach two international agreements if it
went ahead with its plans for an oils and fats tax.
    Ambassadors to the EC from African, Caribbean and Pacific
(ACP) states told a press conference the tax would hit the
exports of 26 ACP countries.
    They said the EC failed to follow consultation procedures
laid down in the Lome Convention which regulates relations
between ACP states and the bloc for moves which could affect
trade between the two sides.
    They also said the EC would be in breach of an undertaking
not to bring in new protectionist measures during the current
Punta del Este round of world trade negotiations being held
under GATT (General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade) auspices.
    The EC Commission has proposed a tax of up to 330 European
currency units (Ecus) a tonne on both imported and EC-produced
vegetable and marine fats for human consumption, which could
raise up to two billion Ecus a year.
    EC farm ministers, who would have to approve such a tax,
are split on the issue and are expected to decide it at a
marathon meeting on EC farm prices beginning in Luxembourg on
June 15.
    Jamaican ambassador Leslie Wilson said ACP countries are
convinced this would lead to EC industry substituting products
made within the bloc for oil and fat imports. The ACP estimates
this would result in a fall of 160 to 185 mln Ecus in its
member country exports.
    "We can't believe the EC would willingly take measures to
undermine our countries, but such would be the impact of these
measures," Wilson said.
    The U.S. and Malaysia say their exports would also be hit
by the proposed tax and they may take retaliatory action if it
is approved.
    Wilson said the ACP would take such steps only "as a very
last resort," but added that the ACP is in touch with other
countries which oppose the plan.
    Wilson, who was chairing the news conference, made it clear
Jamaica itself would not be hit by the tax as it does not
export oils and fats.
    Among the worst hit countries would be Ivory Coast,
Senegal, Nigeria and Papua New Guinea, the ACP says.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18565>
Dutch parliamentary parties have
re-affirmed their support for the government's opposition to
the proposed European Community tax on oils and fats,
parliamentarians said.
    A broad cross-section of members of parliament voiced their
opposition to the tax during a debate in the lower house
yesterday on the basis of possible retaliation from the U.S.
And on the potentially damaging effect on Third World
countries.
    State Secretary for Foreign Affairs Rene Van Der Linden
said the government was against the tax although it noted
deepening EC financial difficulties.
    "It is difficult to be against the tax and against extra
finance. The EC members have to make a choice," Van Der Linden
said.
    However, he denied the government had dropped its
opposition to the proposed tax or altered its position.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18599>
A minority group of European
Community countries strong enough to block the adoption of a
tax on vegetable and marine oils and fats is still intact after
the EC Commission proposed changes to its proposals earlier
today, British agriculture minister John MacGregor told
journalists.
    He said Britain, West Germany, the Netherlands and Denmark
continue to oppose the tax after the Commission proposed making
it temporary and promising compensation to any third countries
whose exports suffered.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18700>
Dutch consumers and food processors
would be hit hard by the proposed EC tax on oils and fats, Dick
de Bruyn, chairman of the commodity board for margarine, fats
and oils, MVO, said at the annual meeting.
    The Dutch are the second largest consumers of margarine and
fourth largest consumers of vegetable oils in the EC.
    The fiercely contested tax would be a levy on consumers and
steeply increase the costs of industries such as potato
processing and cake and biscuit manufacturing, de Bruyn said.
    "A move by these industries to countries outside the EC
cannot be ruled out," he added.
    De Bruyn said the tax on vegetable and marine oils and fats
would be wide open to fraud, difficult to police, and hugely
expensive administratively.
    He also said the proposed tax contravened not only article
three of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT), the
Lome Convention, and the United Nations Food and Agriculture
Organization (FAO) guidelines, but also the EC's own Treaty.
    The proposed tax would not only be inflationary but also
have consequences for employment and investment, he added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18744>
A spokesman for the European
Community Commission defended the controversial plan for a levy
on oils and fats, saying that consumers would have to help
alleviate the surplus problem by paying the proposed tax.
    Norbert Tanghe, head of division of the Commission's
Directorate General for Agriculture, told the 8th Antwerp Oils
and Fats Contact Days "the Commission firmly believes that the
sacrifices which would be undergone by Community producers in
the oils and fats sector ... Would justify asking consumers to
make an appropriate contribution to solving the serious problem
within that sector by paying a levy."
    The proposed tax is necessary because the level of
budgetary costs resulting from olive oil and oilseeds
production has become unacceptable, Tanghe said.
    Recent estimates put these costs at 4.0 billion European
Currency Units and by 1990 they would rise by another 2.0
billion Ecus, he said. In 1990 the Community's "standstill"
agreements with Spain and Portugal end and the EC would then
feel the full impact of its enlargement.
    The Commission has proposed several cost and production
cutting measures which include the introduction of a maximum
guaranteed quantity system, he added.
    Under the Commission's system for stabilising consumer
prices in the oils and fats sector, a reference price of 700
Ecus per tonne for refined soy oil would be introduced, Tanghe
said.
    Consumer prices could be raised or lowered by a regulatory
amount when market prices are below or above this level.
    He said the revenue generated by charging a regulatory
amount would be used to finance the Common Agricultural
Policy's oils and fats regime.
    "The Commission believes that hostile reactions (to the
proposed tax) have for the most part been based on incomplete
or an insufficiently thorough analysis of the proposal," he said.
    Tanghe said the proposed system conforms with General
Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, GATT, rules.
    It would not be discriminatory because it would be applied
to domestic and imported products, and past experience showed
it would not cause any decline in consumption of oils and fats.
    EC-produced oilseeds would not benefit more than they do
under present aid arrangements, he said.
    The competitiveness between different oils, whether EC
produced or imported, would remain unchanged and quantities
imported from third countries would not be affected by the tax,
Tanghe said.
    The proposed system would not alter the EC nations'
requirements as far as imports are concerned since the overall
effect would stabilise Community production levels without
affecting demand, he said.
    It is one of the proposal's objectives to maintain current
import levels, he said.
    Imports of soybeans would be unaffected because they are
imported primarily to satisfy the EC's cakes and meals
requirements, which are not covered by the stabilising system.
Furthermore, more than half the oil produced from imported
beans is re-exported to third countries, Tanghe added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18781>
The rate of increase in world palm oil
use is likely to slow next season despite an expected 800,000
tonne production rise to 8.13 mln tonnes, Siegfried Mielke,
editor of the Hamburg-based newsletter Oil World said.
    He told the 8th Antwerp Oils and Fats Contact Days that in
the next Oct/Sept 1987/88 season, palm oil use will rise to
8.25 mln tonnes from 7.71 mln, below the five-year average
increase of 550,000 tonnes.
     Opening stocks at the start of next October are expected
to be about 1.4 mln tonnes, 300,000 tonnes below year-earlier
levels, bringing total supplies to 9.5 mln tonnes, he said.
    The anticipated total supplies will be about 500,000 tonnes
above this season's available amount, Mielke said.
    The increase in mature palm tree areas in Malaysia will
slow down from this year on, but that will be offset by area
expansion in Indonesia, he said.
    He estimated the combined rise in Malaysian and Indonesian
mature area at 8.7 pct next year, after 9.5 pct this year, and
at 6.7 pct in 1989 and 5.0 pct in 1990.
    Malaysia also is shifting plantings to Sabah and Sarawak,
where the rate of expansion is higher than in the Peninsula,
but where yields are lower, he said.
     The stocks/usage ratio of seven major oils is also
expected to decline, Mielke said. The oils are soybean,
cottonseed, sunflowerseed, coconut, rapeseed, palmkernel and
palm.
    At the start of October 1986 stocks of these oils were
unusually high and represented 6.8 weeks of the current
season's prospective demand, compared with six weeks a year ago
and with 5.4 weeks in 1984, he said.
    Mielke expects the ratio to fall to 5.9 weeks by the start
of next October and to the unusually low level of 5.4 weeks by
the end of next season.
    The stocks/usage ratio for palm oil was 11.4 weeks last
October and is likely to be 8.7 weeks next October and 7.7 at
the end of next season, Mielke said.
    World oilseed stocks also are expected to fall in the
course of the next season, with the biggest reduction seen in
soybean stocks, which Mielke expects to decline by 5.0 mln
tonnes or by one fifth.
    Almost all of the decline is expected to occur in the U.S.,
for which he estimated ending stocks next season at 10.7 mln
tonnes, or 393 mln bushels, against anticipated ending stocks
of 15 mln tonnes, or 551 mln bushels, at the end of this
season.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19088>
The Indian State Trading Corp (STC) are
reported to have taken three parcels, around 5,000 tonnes each,
of palm olein at yesterday's weekly vegetable oil tender,
traders said.
    All are for August shipment at 364 dlrs a tonne cif. India
passed on all other materials, they added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19367>
Malaysia is to urge fellow tin
producing countries to contribute more money towards research
into new uses for the metal, Malaysian primary industries
minister Lim Keng Yaik told Reuters in an interview.
    Lim, in Brussels on a tour of Europe and America, said he
had instructed Malaysia's representatives on the executive
committee of the Association of Tin Producing Countries, ATPC,
to draw up a paper on the matter.
    Lim earlier met European Community farm commissioner Frans
Andriessen and industry commissioner Karl-Heinz Narjes.
    He said though it now appeared likely Commission proposals
for a tax on vegetable and marine oils and fats would be
defeated, he feared the Commission would revive the idea.
    Lim noted Andriessen this week promised that if the tax was
adopted and third countries suffered export losses as a result,
they would be compensated through access to the EC for
alternative exports.
    "Since most of our products are commodity based, I cannot
see how this would work out in our case," Lim said.
    Malaysian palm oil exports to the EC are worth about 250
mln dlrs a year.
    The tin research proposal would be presented at an ATPC
meeting to be held in Kuala Lumpur in September.
    "Not enough research and development effort has been put in
by tin producers and we have been pushed out by substitutes
such as aluminium, paper and plastics," Lim said.
    He mentioned the use of inorganic tin in pesticides as an
exciting possible new application.
    Lim said he could not estimate the amount of extra money
which needed to be spent on research into new uses before the
new paper was produced.
    He said Narjes told him there appeared no fundamental
barriers to EC states quickly ratifying the new International
Rubber Agreement, INRA, although translations of the accord
into some EC languages are still being awaited.
    Lim, who will sign and ratify the agreement on Malaysia's
behalf when he visits New York during his current tour, said it
was important there should not be a long "interregnum" between
the old agreement lapsing in October and the new one coming
into force.
    He described the present accord as a model for commodity
agreements due to its being signed by nearly all producing and
consuming countries and by virtue of its review systems and
control over buffer stock management.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19534>
Belgium, current holder of the European
Community presidency, appears ready to drop a controversial
oils and fats tax from this year's hotly-contested farm price
package, diplomats said.
    In a discussion document prepared for today's summit
meeting of EC leaders, Belgium proposed the so-called
"stabilising mechanism" be the subject of "further study and
consultation with the Community's main trading partners."
    The proposal for a tax of as much as 330 Ecus per tonne on
both imported and domestically-produced vegetable and marine
oils and fats has attracted a storm of international criticism.
    The discussion document, aimed at preventing a cash row at
the summit and breaking the deadlock at this year's farm price
talks, contained the first formal reference to dropping the
measure.
    Britain and Denmark, which assumes the EC presidency on
June 30, have led the opposition to the measure. They are
supported by West Germany and the Netherlands and, to a lesser
extent, Spain.
    Although the paper was not universally welcomed, diplomats
said, the proposal to postpone consideration of the tax for a
further six months was certain to survive any redrafting.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19551>
European Community agriculture
ministers will meet tomorrow evening, after the end of a
two-day summit meeting of heads of government, to again attempt
to agree a 1987/88 farm price package, an EC Commission
spokesman said.
    He added that tomorrow's EC Official Journal will contain
notice of special agricultural measures of a purely technical
nature which will come into effect on July 1 unless the
ministers reach an accord.
    The spokesman declined to detail these special measures but
said they would not be the sort of "dynamic" moves which EC Farm
Commissioner Frans Andriessen has said he would take in the
case of complete deadlock among farm ministers.
    These moves would be taken only if tomorrow's meeting of
ministers in Brussels again fails to reach an accord, EC
sources said.
    Andriessen is thought to be prepared to cut cereals prices
by seven pct and to take other drastic action, trade sources
said.
    EC farm ministers ended their last meeting on June 18 still
split over the Commission's proposal for a tax on vegetable and
marine oils and fats.
    In addition, West Germany said it would veto plans for
cereal price cuts and for a change in the green currency
system.
    Earlier today, diplomats said Belgium, the current holder
of the European Community presidency, appears ready to drop the
plans for the controversial oils and fats tax.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19867>
A specially convened Franco-German
meeting in the sidelines of a summit of EC leaders failed to
make any progress over a 1987-88 farm price package that has
deeply split the two former EC allies, diplomats said
    The meeting was attended by farm ministers and foreign
ministers from both countries and by French President Francois
Mitterand, his Prime Minister Jacques Chirac, and by Chancellor
Helmut Kohl of West Germany.
    The stalemate over farm prices is seen as a key to
providing a solution to a long-term settlement of the
Community's worst-ever budget crisis.
    "The Germans clearly do not want to budge," an aide to Chirac
told reporters. He added the French Prime Minister was visibly
angered as he the hour-long meeting.
    Bonn and Paris are diametrically opposed to a proposal for
the Brussels Executive Commission to overhaul radically the
EC's complex "green" currrency system, designed to translate
common EC farm prices into national currencies.
    Paris also supports a move for an oils and fats tax which
West Germany is against, along with Britain, Denmark and the
Netherlands.
    EC farm minsters are due to resume negotiations on the
package, which should have been agreed by an April 1 deadline
tomorrow.
    Diplomats said it had been hoped that the summit could have
injected fresh impetus into those talks.
    The Commission proposed its package to save one billion
dollars on the EC's ever-rising farm budget.
    The summit has been dominated by lengthy talks on moves to
alter the entire system of financing the 12-nation group, and
plugging a 5.7 billion dollar budget shortfall for 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20232>
The United States and India have
not yet agreed on a food aid package to help the
drought-stricken Asian country, Agriculture Secretary Richard
Lyng said.
    Lyng told Reuters in an interview that the two countries
have been discussing a package but that he did not expect the
specifics of the offer to be announced during Indian Prime
Minister Rajiv Gandhi's visit here this week.
    "We have been talking about the potential needs that India
might have for both their commercial market and purchases needs
as well as the possibilities of assistance," Lyng said.
    "At this point, there is no detailed plan or program. The
amounts of what commodities are uncertain. But we have
indicated to the Indians that we stand ready to assist in
whatever way they deem most valuable," he said.
    There has been speculation in trade circles that USDA would
offer India subsidized vegetable oil under the export
enhancement program and donate surplus corn under Section 419
of an amended 1949 law.
    Lyng indicated the two countries have been unable to agree
on the mix of concessional and commercial aid, and that
Washington would prefer the package include something other
than donated food.
    "The Indians are capable of purchasing a lot, of taking care
of themselves. India is a country that has come a long way in
its ability to produce food and they have a great pride in
that," Lyng said.
    "We (the United States) obviously, with the surpluses we
still have of many commodities..., would like to share in the
import business the Indians do, and then we have some, as we
always do, compassion for the people of India and would like to
cooperate with them," he said.
    Lyng said he had no plans to meet with Indian officials
during Gandhi's visit here, adding, "I just don't know of
anything that might be announced specifically."
    Asked if "the ball was in the Indians' court," he said, "Yes."
    Gandhi is to leave Washington Tuesday evening.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20335>
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard
Lyng said he is pleased the European Community plans to offer a
global farm reform plan at GATT later this month, although the
United States opposes key parts of the proposal.
    "We're pleased that they have moved in tabling a proposal.
It will help us in getting the negotiations underway," Lyng
told Reuters in an interview Tuesday.
    Lyng's comment came after EC ministers in Luxembourg
endorsed a farm reform package drafted by the EC Commission.
The EC plan will be presented at the next meeting of Uruguay
round agriculture negotiators in Geneva on October 26.
    Lyng said the United States would oppose parts of the plan
seeking a market sharing agreement for grains, and proposing
curbs on U.S. soybean and cereal substitute exports to Europe.
    The U.S. in July proposed to GATT the elimination of all
farm subsidies affecting trade within ten years, and has
pressed the EC to make a counter-offer with the aim of reaching
a global farm subsidy agreement by the end of 1988.
    However, the EC and some U.S. domestic groups have said the
Reagan administration plan to end all farm trade subsidies is
unrealistic.
    Asked about such criticism, Lyng said "The alternative to
doing that is to say that we preserve them and maintain them. I
think that is the unrealistic position."
    "I would suggest that they (EC) listen to what we are
trying to say."
    Lyng also rejected suggestions the U.S. and EC agree a
freeze in export subsidies to get the GATT negotiations 
started.
    "All that some countries would like to have would be a
wheat agreement where we would stop export subsidies on wheat.
That doesn't do a thing for us," Lyng said.
    The United States wants an end to subsidies in a range of
agricultural products from dairy products to vegetable oils, he
said.
    At the GATT negotiators meeting next week Canada is
expected to offer a proposal as well as the EC.
    The United States will be represented at the meeting by
former agriculture undersecretary Daniel Amstutz, recently
appointed special U.S. negotiator on agriculture.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20389>
The European Community's farmers'
pressure group Copa has urged EC farm ministers to agree a tax
on vegetable proteins similar to the oils and marine fats tax
which has already been proposed by the EC Commission.
    Copa president Hans Kjeldsen told a news conference on
Tuesday he had also urged ministers to seek a similar mechanism
for cereal substitutes.
    He was speaking after a meeting of farm leaders with the
Danish foreign and agriculture ministers, who currently chair
meetings of their EC colleagues.
    Kjeldsen said taxes on the products concerned would help
the EC's budget problems and would provide some price stability
for producers.
    This would in turn help the market position for certain
crops of which the EC is a net importer such as oilseeds, peas
and beans, but for which the Commission is now proposing severe
output restrictions.
    A minority of EC ministers opposed to an oils and fats tax
on imported and domestically produced oils and marine fats
succeeded in blocking the idea during this year's annual EC
price fixing.
    However, the EC Commission has said it maintains its
proposals for a tax.
    Kjeldsen said Copa had urged the ministers to pursue
international negotiations on farm trade with the aim of
bridging the gap between EC and world prices.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20461>
The American Soybean Association (ASA)
denounced European Community (EC) oilseed policies as illegal
under the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, and
threatened to make an unfair trade complaint if the EC does not
remedy the situation.
    ASA Vice President James Adams told an ASA-sponsored
Outlook 87 conference: "It will be filed unless the EC takes
drastic and immediate steps."
    "These subsidies are blatantly unfair and are GATT illegal,
since they were established after the zero soybean duty was
established in 1962," he said.
    The ASA's unfair trade petition against the EC would ask
for an investigation and modification of EC oilseed policies to
make the regime non-discriminatory.
    The EC in 1962 ruled all EC oilseed imports duty-free, in
an effort to fill its oilseed needs. But EC oilseeds production
has risen dramatically since then.
    The EC now guarantees oilseed prices to farmers above world
market levels and is considering implementing a controversial
oils and fats tax.
    The subsidies "are obvious attempts to circumvent the zero
duty binding and that makes U.S. Farmers mad as hell," Adams
said.
    The ASA is confident the U.S. Congress will support its
trade complaint, Adams said. The ASA also strongly opposes an
EC proposal to tax vegetable and marine oils consumed in the
EC, which will be considered by the EC Commission in December.
    U.S. Soybean world market share has declined 35 pct in
volume and 40 pct in value since 1982, primarily as a result of
EC policies, Adams added.
    Lord Plumb, European Parliament President and a speaker at
the conference, said the EC expanded oilseed production in 1973
when the U.S. Halted overseas sales of soy products.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=20911>
A proposal to require imported
tropical oils to be labeled as saturated fats suffered a narrow
and possibly debilitating defeat in the U.S. Senate.
    The Senate Agriculture Committee rejected the proposal by a
10-8 vote, virtually snuffing out U.S. soybean producers' hopes
the plan would be adopted this year.
    A similar proposal has made no headway in the House.
    Sen. Tom Harkin (D-Iowa) offered the proposal as an
amendment to a farm spending reduction package.
    "I don't see this as a trade issue. I see it as giving
American consumers the information they need," he said.
    Proponents of the measure, including the American Soybean
Association, have claimed palm, palm kernel and coconut oils
are high in saturated fat and can contribute to heart disease.
    The U.S. soybean industry believes labels indicating
tropical oils are high in saturated fats would discourage
consumption of the oils, imported primarily from Malaysia,
Indonesia and the Philippines.
    But Sen. Richard Lugar (R-Ind.) read a letter from U.S.
Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter, who said the proposal
"blatantly discriminates" against imports, would be impossible to
defend under international trade law and would harm relations
with the Philippines, Malaysia and Indonesia.
    Yeutter's letter also said Americans derive most of their
saturated fats from meat and dairy products and relatively
little from tropical oils.
    The committee voted largely along party lines, with three
Democrats joining seven Republicans to oppose the measure.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21152>
The Senate Agriculture committee voted
to limit changes in county loan rate differentials starting
with the 1988 crop as part of a budget deficit reduction
package.
    The panel also approved measures that could trigger larger
corn and wheat acreage reduction requirements, increase
farmer-held reserve storage payments, reduce a potential milk
support price cut, and require advance deficiency payments for
producers of major crops.
    A proposal to require imported tropical oils be labeled on
U.S. food products failed by a 10-8 vote.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21497>
The Reserve Bank of India said it was
tightening its credit policy for commercial banks by raising
their cash reserve ratio by 0.5 pct to 10 pct, effective from
October 24.
    The move, announced last weekend, is part of the bank's
policy for the second half of fiscal 1987/88 ending March and
is aimed at curbing excess bank liquidity.
    The central bank also put selective controls on bank
advances to the oilseeds, vegetable oils and foodgrains trades.
    "The policy's main objective is to fully meet the credit
requirements of agriculture, industry and exports, while
preventing excessive monetary expansion," bank Governor R.N.
Malhotra told an earlier meeting of chief executives of banks.
    Malhotra said the rate of monetary expansion must be kept
under control in the second half of the current financial year.
    Bank deposits rose 75.40 billion rupees in the first six
months of fiscal 1987/88 against 66.92 billion in the same
period last year, according to the bank.
    Bankers said the bank's move to raise the cash reserve
ratio by 0.5 pct will mean impounding about five billion rupees
from the banking system. Banks' total deposits are estimated at
around 1,000 billion rupees.
    They said banks are under pressure because of low returns
on commercial lending and investments in government securities.
    "Already many banks are finding it difficult to maintain
their statutory liquidity and cash reserve ratios and are
resorting to heavy inter-bank borrowings," said one banker.
 REUTER
</BODY>
