<BODY DOCID=16118>
National Bank economic data for 1986
shows that Yugoslavia's trade deficit grew, the inflation rate
rose, wages were sharply higher, the money supply expanded and
the value of the dinar fell.
    The trade deficit for 1986 was 2.012 billion dlrs, 25.7 pct
higher than in 1985. The trend continued in the first three
months of this year as exports dropped by 17.8 pct, in hard
currency terms, to 2.124 billion dlrs.
    Yugoslavia this year started quoting trade figures in
dinars based on current exchange rates, instead of dollars
based on a fixed exchange rate of 264.53 dinars per dollar.
    Yugoslavia's balance of payments surplus with the
convertible currency area fell to 245 mln dlrs in 1986 from 344
mln in 1985. The National Bank said the drop was due to a
deterioration in trade. Exports to the convertible currency
area rose 11.6 pct from 1985, while imports rose 17.8 pct.
    Retail prices rose an average of 88.1 pct in 1986 while
industrial producer prices rose by 70.6 pct, the bank's data
showed. The cost of living rose by 89.1 pct.
    Personal incomes rose by 109 pct in 1986.
    Prime Minister Branko Mikulic warned in February that wages
were too high given the level of productivity.
    Mikulic introduced a law cutting wages to the level of the
last quarter of 1986 and tying future rises to productivity.
    Bank statistics show the overall 1986 rise in M-1 money
supply was 109.1 pct with a year-end position of 3,895.9
billion dinars. Yugoslavs have 9.8 billion dlrs worth of
foreign currency savings in the country and 20 billion dlrs
abroad, mostly owned by workers employed in western Europe.
    The dinar fell by 73.1 pct against a basket of hard
currencies in 1986. The highest depreciation was against the
Swiss franc, 85.3 pct, and the lowest against the U.S. Dollar,
46.2 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16164>
The price index for sales of
manufactured goods in the U.K. Rose a provisional, unadjusted
0.3 pct in March after an identical rise in February,
Department of Trade and Industry figures show.
    The index for materials and fuel purchased by manufacturing
industry fell a provisional and unadjusted 1.1 pct after a 1.7
pct fall in February.
    The Department said the year-on-year rise in producer
prices in March was a provisional 3.7 pct, compared with a
provisional 4.2 pct increase in the year to end-February.
    The index for output prices, non-seasonally adjusted, was
put at a provisional 149.7 in March after 149.3 in February.
    The index for input prices, also not seasonally adjusted,
was set at 128.2 in March after February's 129.6.
    The 1.1 pct fall in input prices between February and March
was mainly due to a seasonal fall in industrial electricity
costs and lower scheduled prices for petroleum products, the
Department said.
    The Department said these falls were only partly offset by
a rise in prices of home-produced food manufacturing materials.
    The seasonally adjusted index for input prices showed a 0.2
pct rise between February and March.
    Year-on-year, the input price index was down 0.7 pct in
March after a 2.8 pct drop in February.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16195>
U.K. Producer price data for March were
roughly as expected after taking into account technical factors
which affected the year-on-year outcome, economic analysts
said.
    The figures showed a 0.3 pct provisional, non-seasonally
adjusted rise in output prices in March, unchanged from
February and close to the average for the last six months.
    The year-on-year rise was put at 3.7 pct, down from 4.2 pct
in February.
    But Chris Tinker, economist at brokerage house Phillips and
Drew, said the drop in the year-on-year rate mainly reflected a
rise in excise duties which affected the index in March last
year.
    He cautioned that it was dangerous to read too much into
the monthly figure, adding that a rise of only 0.2 pct in April
would take the year-on-year rise back above 4.2 pct.
    Analysts also noted that a drop in manufacturers' input
prices was almost entirely due to anticipated seasonal factors
such as a fall in industrial electricity costs.
    Duncan Squire of Lloyds Merchant Bank said the figures were
slightly disappointing in that the strengthening of sterling
had not yet reduced input prices as much as expected.
    Both he and Tinker said this factor should help keep input
costs down over the next few months, although Tinker added that
last year's fall in oil prices is now about to drop out of the
year-on-year comparisons and is likely to lead to a return to
rises in the index rather than falls.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16270>
West German producer prices fell 0.1
pct in March compared with February to stand 3.9 pct lower than
in March last year, the Federal Statistics Office said.
    In February, producer prices fell 0.3 pct from January and
dropped 4.2 pct from their levels a year earlier.
    The Statistics Office said producer prices for natural gas
had fallen 3.0 pct in March against February, heavy heating oil
prices were 3.2 pct down, liquefied gas prices fell 14 pct and
coffee was 7.4 pct cheaper.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16772>
The Finance Ministry said India's
wholesale-price linked inflation rate dropped marginally to 5.3
pct in all fiscal 1986/87 ended March from 5.8 pct in 1985/86
and 7.1 pct in 1984/85.
    The average wholesale-price related inflation stood at 5.2
pct in March this year against 5.1 pct a year ago, the Ministry
said in a statement.
    It said wholesale prices of cement, textiles and jute fell
in 1986/87, compared with the previous year, but milk, cereals
(mainly wheat and rice), fruits and vegetables, edible oils,
tobacco and fertilisers were costlier in 1986/87.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16854>
Italy's wholesale price index rose 0.2 pct
month-on-month in February 1987 after increasing by 1.1 pct in
January, the national statistics institute ISTAT said.
    The index, base 1980 equals 100, registered 173.1 in
February compared with 172.8 in January.
    The February figure represents a decline of 0.2 pct
compared with February 1986 after a year-on-year decline in
January 1987 of 1.7 pct.
                      
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18366>
South Korea's wholesale price index, base
1980, rose 0.4 pct to 127.0 in May after a 1.1 pct rise in
April and was 1.5 pct higher than in May 1986, the Bank of
Korea said.
    The May consumer price index, which has the same base, rose
1.4 pct to 149.1 after a 0.3 pct gain in April, for a
year-on-year rise of 3.5 pct.
    Wholesale prices rose 2.0 pct in the first five months of
1986, while consumer prices rose by 3.2 pct. Bank officials
said the rises were due to a strong yen which made imports of
Japanese parts, raw and intermediary materials more expensive.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18509>
South African year-on-year producer
price inflation rose to 16.1 pct in April against 15.8 pct in
March, Central Statistics Office figures show.
    The all items index (base 1980) rose a monthly 1.2 pct to
242.5 in April after increasing 1.1 pct to 239.6 in March and
standing at 208.9 a year earlier.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19082>
West German producer prices rose 0.1
pct in May compared with April to stand 2.9 pct lower than in
May last year, the Federal Statistics Office said.
    In April, producer prices fell 0.3 pct from March and
dropped 3.6 pct from their levels a year earlier.
    The Statistics Office said producer prices for liquefied
gas fell 10 pct in May from April and heavy heating oil prices
declined 5.3 pct, while lead prices rose 23 pct and silver
prices increased 13 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
