<BODY DOCID=14913>
The Bank of Japan bought a small amount of
dollars shortly after the opening at around 145.30 yen, dealers
said.
    The central bank intervened as a medium-sized trading house
sold dollars, putting pressure on the U.S. Currency, they said.
    The dollar was also supported by a major electrical
consumer goods company, which was a speculative dollar buyer at
around 145.25 yen, they added.
    The dollar opened at 145.33 yen against 145.60/70 in New
York and 145.25 at the close here yesterday.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15400>
The leaders of two of Japan's top business
groups said in separate statements the Group of Seven (G-7)
accord reached in Washington yesterday is of deep concern to
Japan because it shows the major industrial nations regard the
yen's current level as appropriate.
    Eishiro Saito, chairman of the Federation of Economic
Organizations (Keidanren), said the yen's present rate is well
above adequate levels. He did not elaborate.
    Takashi Ishihara, chairman of the Japan Committee for
Economic Development, said the accord will not prevent the yen
from rising further.
    "We do not understand why the G-7 approved present rates as
the yen has risen excessively since the Paris accord," Ishihara
said.
    G-7 members Britain, Canada, France, Italy, Japan, the U.S.
And West Germany said in a statement they consider their
currencies are now within ranges broadly consistent with
economic fundamentals.
    Saito called on each G-7 member nation to prepare to
intervene in the market strongly enough to ensure exchange
rates are stabilised at appropriate levels.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15432>
Japanese Finance Minister Kiichi
Miyazawa said the strengthening of the yen against the dollar
that has occurred since the Paris Agreement was within the
range agreed on in the Louvre discussions.
    "I would say that what has happened (to the yen) in the past
several weeks was not outside the range we agreed to in the
discussions in Paris," Miyazawa told a press conference
following the Group of Seven meeting here.
    He added that the current discussions were a "reaffirmation"
of that agreement, indicating that the "solidarity" that occurred
in Paris was still in place.
 reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15454>
The yen is likely to start another
uneven rise against the dollar and other major currencies
because the Group of Seven communique contained nothing new,
currency and bond analysts here said.
    "Is that it? I was expecting something more than that," said
one trader at a major Wall Street securities company.
    Marc Cohen of Republic National Bank of New York said: "The
market now has the impetus to drive the dollar lower again."
    The dollar hovered between 145.50 and 147 yen in the days
just before the talks. Dealers restrained their underlying
bearishness and squared positions ahead of Wednesday's meeting
of the finance ministers and central bankers of the top seven
industrialized nations in Washington.
    After more than four hours of talks, the G-7 issued a
communique which merely reaffirmed the recent Paris agreement's
view that prevailing currency levels were broadly consistent
with economic fundamentals and that exchange rate stability
should be fostered around these levels.
    The dollar sank to 144.75 yen in early Tokyo trading.
    "They said that the dollar/yen rate was broadly in line with
fundamentals when it was 154. Now they are saying it's in line
when it's at 146. Will this still be so at 138 or 130?," asked
Republic's Cohen.
    Japanese Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa fuelled
speculation about the amount of fluctuation the authorities are
prepared to tolerate by saying that the current yen level is
still inside the range agreed on in Paris in late February.
    Official statements in recent weeks had indicated that the
key psychological level of 150 yen was at the lower end of the
authorities' permissible range.
    Dealers and analysts warned that the dollar's decline would
probably be uneven. They anticipated a concerted effort to prop
up the dollar and restrain the yen via a mixture of open market
intervention and public comments.
    Shortly after the Tokyo market opened today the Bank of
Japan was detected by local dealers buying moderate amounts of
dollars. The dollar rebounded to about 145.20 yen.
    The sources said the market may also be wary of agressively
selling dollars for yen before Tuesday's February U.S. Trade
data. The figures are expected to show a deficit of 13 billion
dlrs, from a provisional 14.8 billion in January.




</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15455>
The leaders of two of Japan's top business
groups said in separate statements the Group of Seven (G-7)
accord reached in Washington yesterday is of deep concern to
Japan because it shows the major industrial nations regard the
yen's current level as appropriate.
    Eishiro Saito, chairman of the Federation of Economic
Organizations (Keidanren), said the yen's present rate is well
above adequate levels. He did not elaborate.
    Takashi Ishihara, chairman of the Japan Committee for
Economic Development, said the accord will not prevent the yen
from rising further.
    "We do not understand why the G-7 approved present rates as
the yen has risen excessively since the Paris accord," Ishihara
said.
    G-7 members Britain, Canada, France, Italy, Japan, the U.S.
And West Germany said in a statement they consider their
currencies are now within ranges broadly consistent with
economic fundamentals.
    Saito called on each G-7 member nation to prepare to
intervene in the market strongly enough to ensure exchange
rates are stabilised at appropriate levels.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15483>
Japanese Finance Minister Kiichi
Miyazawa said the strengthening of the yen against the dollar
since the Paris Agreement was within the range agreed in the
Louvre discussions.
    "I would say that what has happened (to the yen) in the past
several weeks was not outside the range we agreed to in the
discussions in Paris," Miyazawa told a press conference
following the Group of Seven meeting here.
    He said the current discussions were a "reaffirmation" of
that agreement, saying the "solidarity" that occurred in Paris
was still in place.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15503>
The leaders of two of Japan's top business
groups said in separate statements the Group of Seven (G-7)
accord reached in Washington yesterday is of deep concern to
Japan because it shows the major industrial nations regard the
yen's current level as appropriate.
    Eishiro Saito, chairman of the Federation of Economic
Organizations (Keidanren), said the yen's present rate is well
above adequate levels. He did not elaborate.
    Takashi Ishihara, chairman of the Japan Committee for
Economic Development, said the accord will not prevent the yen
from rising further.
    "We do not understand why the G-7 approved present rates as
the yen has risen excessively since the Paris accord," Ishihara
said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=15549>
The United States, which has long
sought Japanese action to stimulate its economy, appears to be
satisfied Tokyo's latest package is a major development and
allows leading industrial nations to reaffirm their agreement
to stabilize currencies.
    Monetary sources said they believed that U.S. Treasury
Secretary James Baker considered Tokyo's package, announced
yesterday, to be a major stimulation of the Japanese economy.
    But yesterday's statement by seven leading industrial
powers endorses the yen's rise from around 153 to the dollar,
the level at the February 22 Paris Accord, to about 145 today.
    And the initial reaction of currency markets in the Far
East demonstrates that financial markets are unconvinced that
currencies yet reflect economic fundamentals, even though the
countries appear to do so. The yen sank below 145 at one point
despite intervention by the Bank of Japan.
    Kiichi Miyazawa, Japan's Finance Minister, said the
movement since Paris was consistent with currency trading
ranges the nations agreed to defend in the February talks.
    "I would say that what has happened (to the yen) in the past
several weeks was not outside the range we agreed to in the
discussions in Paris," Miyazawa said yesterday.
    The supplementary budget worth about 34.48 billion dlrs was
announced by the ruling Liberal Democratic Party on the eve of
Miyazawa's departure for Washington, to attend yesterday's
meetings of leading industrial nations.
    In a strongly worded statement terming the Japanese action
"extraordinary and urgent", the meeting reaffirmed the Paris
Accord by noting that current exchange rates are within ranges
broadly consistent with fundamentals, or economic reality.
    The Group of Seven -- the United States, Japan, West
Germany, France, Britain, Italy and Canada -- therefore
repeated their willingness to continue close cooperation to
foster exchange rate stability.
    The cooperation agreement has resulted in concerted central
bank intervention of 8 billion to 9 billion dlrs to halt the
dollar's fall. While relatively unsuccessful, the scale of
intervention between so many nations is unprecedented in recent
years. Monetary sources also said they understood that
Secretary Baker considered the meeting to be extremely
successful in the light of the Japanese announcement.
    They also said there was a growing feeling among the
finance ministers and central bankers that cooperation over
medium-term policies has replaced the bickering over short-term
differences in past meetings.
    West Germany, whose currency has not risen anything like
the yen since the Paris Agreement, appears from the face of
yesterday's statement to have won acceptance from other
countries that its exchange rate is acceptable.
    Bonn's finance minister Gerhard Stoltenberg argues that
major currency shifts needed to remedy the huge imbalance
between West Germany and Japan's trade surpluses and America's
trade deficit have already taken place.
    No mention was made, however, of the U.S. commitment to cut
the budget deficit even though it is implied in the
reafffirmation of Paris.
    European nations and Japan believe deficit cuts are
essential to curbing the record U.S. trade shortfall that
reached nearly 170 billion dlrs last year.
    A similar argument was made on Capitol Hill earlier this
week by Federal Reserve Board chairman Paul Volcker. A further
sharp fall to redress trade imbalances would "clearly pose
substantial risks of renewed inflationary momentum and could
undermine confidence in future financial stability," he said.
    Volcker warned a further dollar fall might force the
politically independent Fed to drive up interest rates.
    Monetary sources said that, privately, West Germany
welcomed the rise in the yen against the dollar while its own
currency remained relatively stable against the U.S. unit.
    Bonn and other European nations worry that once the weak
dollar blunts Tokyo's export drive to the United States, the
Japanese monolith will concentrate on European markets.
    The ministers, meanwhile, also continued talks on making
their policy coordination more binding and one, Canadian
Finance Minister Michael Wilson, said good progress was made.
    Wilson said they will meet before the June Economic Summit
to prepare a report for the leaders of the seven nations.
    The United States and France, backed by the International
Monetary Fund, want the seven to agree on ranges or "norms" for a
limited number of economic objectives such as growth,
inflation, monetary conditions, trade balances and current
account balances.
    Sharp deviations from these guidelines would result in
consultations between the countries on whether corrective
action should be required.
    But the inclusion of currencies as one of the objectives
has Bonn and London worried, monetary sources say, because it
implies Washington is moving in the direction of target zones.
    The sources said the Reagan administration unsuccessfully
sounded out its allies on a system of target zones to limit
currency fluctuations just before the February meeting.
    The concept is a much more rigid one than the secret ranges
of the Paris Accord and would mark a sharp departure from the
relatively free currency markets of recent years.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18370>
Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone said the
dollar's sharp fall against the yen overnight was only
temporary.
    The dollar dropped sharply in New York after news that Paul
Volcker would step down as chairman of the U.S. Federal
Reserve.
    Nakasone told reporters he did not expect U.S. Policy to
change after Volcker steps down.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19061>
Japan could avoid a sharp rise in the
value of the yen against the dollar if Japan, the U.S. And
other nations succeeded in restructuring their economies, an
advisory panel to the government's Economic Planning Agency
(EPA) said.
    The advisory body said in its report that the yen would
soar against the dollar if structural adjustments on a global
basis were delayed.
    An EPA official told Reuters the dollar could fall to
slightly below 100 yen by 1993 if Japan and the U.S. Failed to
restructure their economies.
    The dollar's fall without structural adjustments would cut
Japan's current account surplus to two pct of gross national
product (GNP) in 1993, the report said. It said such a change
would slow real GNP growth to an average of two pct annually
during the seven-year period to 1993.
    If the two nations restructured their economies, the dollar
would remain stable in real terms, while reducing Japan's
current-account surplus to 2.1 pct of GNP in 1993. This
scenario put Japan's GNP growth at 3.5 pct a year.
    It forecast real growth of three pct for the world economy
and four pct for Japan by 2,000 if the adjustments were made.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21542>
The Group of Seven (G-7) industrial nations
still comply with last February's Louvre accord to stabilize
currencies, a senior Bank of Japan official said.
    And U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker's remarks at the
weekend indicating the need to revise it do not herald a lower
range for the dollar, other senior officials from the Bank of
Japan and Finance Ministry agreed in interviews.
    "The exchange market is apparently reacting too much, and
anyone who sold the dollar on the Baker comment will regret it
later on," the Bank of Japan official told Reuters.
    The Bank official said Baker did not mean to talk the
dollar down. A lower dollar would harm the U.S. Economy, he
noted.
    A Finance Ministry official who was directly involved in
monetary talks with other nations also said the U.S. Would
never attempt to lower the reference range for the dollar
against the mark or the yen.
    The market assumes the dollar reference range to be between
140-150 yen and between 1.70 and 1.90 marks.
    The dollar closed in Tokyo today at 1.7730/35 marks and
141.35 yen.
    "Behind Baker's remark was U.S. Frustration over higher
interest rates abroad, especially in West Germany, but this
does not represent its readiness to scrap the basic framework
of the Louvre accord," the Finance Ministry official said.
    He said that on the contrary Baker wanted to avoid any
further rise in U.S. Interest rates because it would not only
hurt the U.S. Economy but aggravate the Third World debt
problem.
    Higher U.S. Interest rates would merely raise their
interest payment burden and depress U.S. Stock and bond markets
further, the monetary officials said.
    Both the ministry and central bank officials, who declined
to be named, noted the U.S. No longer wants to see a further
decline of the dollar because that could also fan inflationary
expectations in the U.S.
    "That's why Baker did not fail to add that the Louvre
agreement is still operative," the senior ministry official
said.
    Baker said in a U.S. Television interview on Sunday that
Washington would reexamine the Louvre accord because of West
Germany's increase in short-term interest rates.
    The market at first interpreted this as indicating the U.S.
Would be ready to scrap the Louvre accord and let the dollar
decline further unless surplus countries, notably West Germany,
try harder to stimulate their economies as pledged in the
accord, foreign exchange dealers said.
    But the market on reflection also noted Baker's additional
statement that "the Louvre agreement is still operative," and
this caused some dollar short-covering in Tokyo today, the
dealers said.
    Uncertainty, however, remained the flavour of the day in
Tokyo currency markets.
    The Japanese monetary officials said Baker's undisguised
pressure on West Germany to refrain from guiding interest rates
higher may be part of a process of multilateral surveillance,
or international economic policy coordination.
    The G-7, comprising the U.S., Japan, West Germany, Britain,
France, Italy and Canada, have agreed to monitor each other's
economic policies and from time to time apply "peer pressure" to
persuade others to change their policies to a desired course,
they noted. "Without such a basic agreement of multilateral
surveillance, Baker would never have criticized the West German
policy so openly," the ministry official said.
    The U.S.-West German squabble over Bonn's monetary policy
should thus be regarded as a process of healthy policy
coordination and not as any indication of a possible collapse
of the Louvre agreement, the official said.
    He also said Japan has not received any specific request
from the U.S. On its monetary policy, although its short-term
money rates have been edging higher.
    "This is because we, unlike the Germans, are not taking
policy to guide interest rates higher, and the marginal rate
rise in recent days is primarily for seasonal reasons," he
added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=21573>
Tokyo's foreign exchange market is watching
nervously to see if the U.S. Dollar will drop below the
significant 140.00 yen level, dealers said.
    "The 140 yen level is key for the dollar because it is
considered to be the lower end of the reference range. If the
currency breaks through this level, it may decline sharply,"
said Hirozumi Tanaka, assistant general manager at Dai-ichi
Kangyo Bank Ltd's international treasury division.
    The dollar was at 141.10 yen at midday against Friday
closes of 142.35/45 in New York and 141.35 here.
    The dollar opened at 140.95 yen and fell to a low of
140.40. It was 1.7733/38 marks against 1.7975/85 in New York
and 1.8008/13 here on Friday, after an opening 1.7700/10.
    The currency's decline was due to remarks on Sunday by U.S.
Treasury Secretary James Baker, dealers said.
    "The dollar fell over the weekend on increased bearish
sentiment after Baker's comments," said Dai-ichi's Tanaka. He
said this stemmed from mounting concern that cooperation among
the group of seven (G-7) industrial nations to implement the
Louvre accord to stabilise currencies might be fraying.
    The dollar's fall was also prompted by a record one-day
drop in the Dow Jones industrial average on Friday and weakness
in U.S. Bond prices, dealers said.
    Baker said the Louvre accord was still operative but he
strongly criticised West German moves to raise key interest
rates. Operators took Baker's comment to indicate impatience
with some G-7 members for failing to stick to the Louvre accord
due to their fears of increasing inflation.
    Rises in interest rates aimed at dampening inflationary
pressures also slow domestic demand.
    West Germany and Japan had both pledged at G-7 meetings to
boost domestic demand to help narrow the huge U.S. Trade
deficit, Tanaka said.
    U.S. August trade data showed the U.S. Deficit at a still
massive 15.68 billion dlrs. But if West Germany raises interest
rates, this would run counter to the pledge, he said.
    "Operators are now waiting to see if the G-7 nations
coordinate dollar buying intervention," said Soichi Hirabayashi,
deputy general manager of Fuju Bank Ltd's foreign exchange
department.
    The target range set by the Louvre accord is generally
considered to be 140.00 to 160.00 yen, dealers said.
    "The market is likely to try the 140 yen level in the near
future and at that time, if operators see the G-7 nations
failing to coordinate intervention, they would see the Louvre
accord as abandoned and push the dollar down aggressively,"
Hirabayashi said. He said the U.S. Currency could fall as low
as 135 yen soon.
 REUTER
</BODY>
