<BODY DOCID=14882>
Thai zinc ingot exports fell to 882
tonnes in March from 1,764 in February and 3,008 in March 1986,
the Mineral Resources Department said.
    A spokesman for Padaeng Industry Co Ltd, the country's sole
exporter, attributed the decline to the company's lower stocks,
which averaged 5,000 tonnes in the first quarter against 16,000
tonnes in late 1985 when it began exporting.
    The department said major buyers included China, Japan, the
Philippines, South Korea, Singapore and Taiwan.
    Thailand exported 4,842 tonnes of zinc ingots during the
first quarter, down from 14,937 a year ago.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=16194>
The London based trade journal "METAL
BULLETIN'S" average producer price of good ordinary brand zinc
for week ended April 10 is 790.00 dlrs per tonne.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17480>
Three United Steelworkers
of America locals on strike at Cominco Ltd rejected a tentative
three-year contract, a union representative said.
    "The vote was 1,229, or 54.5 pct, against, and 1,028, or
45.5 pct, for the contract. Eighty-one pct of the membership
voted," he said.
    The union representative said that the pact offered cost of
living increases designed to keep pace with inflation, but
contained no wage increase.
    The locals' bargaining committees are expected to meet and
prepare for the reopening of negotiations with Cominco, he
said.
    The three locals cover about 2,600 production and
maintenance workers at Cominco's Trail smelter and Kimberley,
B.C. lead-zinc mine.
    Output at both sites has been shut down since the
production and maintenance workers, along with about 600 office
and technical workers, went on strike May 9.
    The two Steelworkers locals representing the office and
technical workers have not negotiated since May 21.
    The strike caused Cominco to declare force majeure, which
means the company may not be able to honor contracts for
products from the smelter and mine.
    Each of the five locals have separate contracts, all of
which expired April 30, but the main issues are similar.
    The union had requested a three pct wage increase in each
year of a two-year contract. Cominco had pressed for a
three-year contract and some loosening of the rules on job
classifications.
    The Trail smelter, about 400 miles east of Vancouver,
produced 240,000 long tons of zinc and 110,000 long tons of
lead last year. The Sullivan mine at Kimberley, about 450 miles
east of Vancouver, produced 2.2 mln long tons of ore last year,
most for processing at the Trail smelter.
    The smelter also produced cadmium, bismuth and indium.
    Revenues from the Trail smelter totalled 356 mln Canadian
dlrs in 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17486>
Three United
Steelworkers of America locals on strike at Cominco Ltd
rejected a tentative three-year contract, a union
representative said.
     "The vote was 1,229, or 54.5 pct, against, and 1,028, or
45.5 pct, for the contract. Eighty-one pct of the membership
voted," he said.
     The union representative said that the pact offered cost
of living increases designed to keep pace with inflation, but
contained no wage increase.       
    The locals' bargaining committees are expected to meet and
prepare for the reopening of negotiations with Cominco, he
said.
     The three locals cover about 2,600 production and
maintenance workers at Cominco's Trail smelter and Kimberley,
B.C. lead-zinc mine.
     Output at both sites has been shut down since the
production and maintenance workers, along with about 600 office
and technical workers, went on strike May nine.     
     The two Steelworkers locals representing the office and
technical workers have not negotiated since May 21.
     The strike caused Cominco to declare force majeire, which
means the company may not be able to honor contracts for
products from the smelter and mine.
    Each of the five locals have separate contracts, all of
which expired April 30, but the main issues are similar.       

     The union had requested a three pct wage increase in each
year of a two-year contract. Cominco had pressed for a
three-year contract and some loosening of the rules on job
classifications.
     The Trail smelter, about 400 miles east of Vancouver,
produced 240,000 long tons of zinc and 110,000 long tons of
lead last year. The Sullivan mine at Kimberley, about 450 miles
east of Vancouver, produced 2.2 mln long tons of ore last year,
most for processing at the Trail smelter.
     The smelter also produced cadmium, bismuth and indium.
     Revenues from the Trail smelter totalled 356 mln Canadian
dlrs in 1986.        
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17783>
Cominco Ltd said it
expects to meet today with two of five United Steelworkers of
America locals on strike at its Trail smelter and Kimberley,
B.C. lead-zinc mine, a Cominco spokesman said.
    It had no meeting scheduled with the other three striking
locals, which rejected a tentative three-year contract
Saturday, Cominco spokesman Richard Fish said.
    Fish said the pact that was rejected contained a cost of
living increase tied to the Canadian consumer price index, but
no wage increase. With 81 pct of the membership voting, 54.5
pct voted no and 45.5 pct voted yes, the union said.
    The three locals represent about 2,600 production and
maintenance workers, while the remaining two locals cover about
600 office and technical workers.
    The office and technical workers last negotiated May 21.
Production at Trail and Kimberley has been shut down since the
strike began May 9 and Cominco has had to declare force
majeure, which means the company may be unable to honor
contracts for products from the smelter and mine.
    Each of the five locals have separate contracts, all of
which expired April 30, but the main issues are similar.
    The Trail smelter, about 400 miles east of Vancouver,
produced 240,000 long tons of zinc and 110,000 long tons of
lead last year. The Sullivan mine at Kimberley, about 450 miles
east of Vancouver, produced 2.2 mln long tons of ore last year,
most for processing at the Trail smelter.
    The smelter also produced cadmium, bismuth and indium.
    Trail smelter revenue was 356 mln Canadian dlrs in 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=17805>
Cominco Ltd said it
expects to meet today with two of five United Steelworkers of
America locals on strike at its Trail smelter and Kimberley,
B.C. lead-zinc mine, a Cominco spokesman said.
    It had no meeting scheduled with the other three striking
locals, which rejected a tentative three-year contract
Saturday, Cominco spokesman Richard Fish said.
    Fish said the pact that was rejected contained a cost of
living increase tied to the Canadian consumer price index, but
no wage increase. With 81 pct of the membership voting, 54.5
pct voted no and 45.5 pct voted yes, the union said.
    The three locals represent about 2,600 production and
maintenance workers, while the remaining two locals cover about
600 office and technical workers.
    The office and technical workers last negotiated May 21.
Production at Trail and Kimberley has been shut down since the
strike began May 9 and Cominco has had to declare force
majeure, which means the company may be unable to honor
contracts for products from the smelter and mine.
    Each of the five locals have separate contracts, all of
which expired April 30, but the main issues are similar.
    The Trail smelter, about 400 miles east of Vancouver,
produced 240,000 long tons of zinc and 110,000 long tons of
lead last year. The Sullivan mine at Kimberley, about 450 miles
east of Vancouver, produced 2.2 mln long tons of ore last year,
most for processing at the Trail smelter.
    The smelter also produced cadmium, bismuth and indium.
    Trail smelter revenue was 356 mln Canadian dlrs in 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18337>
Cominco Ltd said it set
tentative talks with three striking union locals that rejected
on Saturday a three-year contract offer at Cominco's Trail and
Kimberley, British Columbia lead-zinc operations.
    The locals, part of United Steelworkers of America,
represent 2,600 production and maintenance workers. No date has
been set for the talks, the spokesman replied to a query.
    The spokesman said talks were still ongoing with the two
other striking locals, representing 600 office and technical
workers. Production at Trail and Kimberley has been shut down
since the strike started May 9.
    Each of the five locals has a separate contract that
expired April 30, but the main issues are similar.
    The Trail smelter produced 240,000 long tons of zinc and
110,000 long tons of lead last year, while the Sullivan mine at
Kimberley produced 2.2 mln long tons of ore last year, most for
processing at Trail.
    Revenues from Trail's smelter totaled 356 mln Canadian dlrs
in 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18945>
Peru's state minerals marketing arm, Minero
Peru Comercial SA (Minpeco), lifted a force majeure on zinc
ingot shipments from the country's biggest zinc refinery at
Cajamarquilla, a spokesman said.
    The spokesman said the problems affecting sulphuric acid
and roaster plants that had halted production since May 4 had
been resolved.
    However, he said production of zinc ingots this year was
expected to fall to around 86,000 tonnes this year at
Cajamarquilla, from 94,000 tonnes in 1986 because of the
stoppage.
    The refinery has an optimum annual production capacity of
100,000 tonnes but its highest production was 96,000 tonnes of
refined zinc ingots in 1985, the spokesman said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19431>
Noranda Inc said 1,100 unionized workers
at its 63 pct-owned Brunswick Mining and Smelter Corp lead-zinc
mine in New Brunswick would start voting Monday on a tentative
contract pact.
    Company official Andre Fortier said "We are hopeful that we
can settle without any kind of work interruption."
    Fortier added that Brunswick's estimated 500 unionized
smelter workers were currently meeting about a Noranda contract
proposal and would probably vote next week. The mine's contract
expires July 1 and the smelter's on July 21.
    The Brunswick mine produced 413,800 tonnes of zinc and
206,000 tonnes of lead last year at a recovery rate of 70.5 pct
zinc and 55.6 pct lead. Concentrates produced were 238,000
tonnes of zinc and 81,000 tonnes of lead.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19477>
Cominco Ltd said no
talks were scheduled with striking workers at its Trail smelter
and Kimberley, British Columbia lead-zinc mine.
    A company spokesman said the company and union met
informally Tuesday but talks did not constitute a formal
bargaining session. The last formal talks were on June 5.
    The workers went on strike May 9 and production has been
shut down since then.
    The Trail smelter produced 240,000 long tons of zinc and
110,000 long tons of lead last year. The Sullivan mine at
Kimberley produced 2.2 mln long tons of ore in 1986, most for
processing at the Trail smelter.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19692>
Amax Zinc Co, a division of Amax
Inc, said it is increasing the price of dyecast alloys No.
Three and No. Five by three cents a lb, effective immediately.
    Dyecast alloy No. Three is now 52.5 cents a lb, while alloy
No. Five is now 53.5 cents a lb, the company said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19764>
U.S. Minerals Exploration Co said it and
Pegasus Gold Inc &lt;PGUL.O> of Spokane, Wash, officially
commissioned a new gold, zinc and lead producing mine.
    U.S. Minerals said the new Montana Tunnels Mine near
Helena, Mont, is expected to reach full production in August
1987. U.S. Minerals said the mine is designed to operate at an
average of 12,500 tons or ore per day and is projected to
produce 95,000 ounces of gold in 1988, plus significant
quantities of silver, lead and zinc.
    U.S. Minerals said it has a 50 pct net profit royalty
interest in the mine after payback of development costs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
