<BODY DOCID=227>
Domestic demand is now expected to make
no contribution to Australian economic growth in fiscal
1986/87, ending June 30, while net exports will account for all
of the overall increase, Treasurer Paul Keating said here.
    However, he did not say in his speech to the Economic
Planning Advisory Council (EPAC) if the forecast 2.25 pct rise
in gross domestic product (gdp) had been revised.
    But Keating said domestic demand could fall slightly this
financial year and net export growth will provide the total
source of gdp growth.
    The August budget had forecast domestic demand would
contribute 0.75 percentage points to non-farm gdp growth of 2.5
pct while net exports would account for 1.75 points.
    Keating said the overall impact of the changed economic
parameters is welcome as it appears to have contributed to a
slightly more rapid correction in the current account deficit
than first anticipated.
    "The government initially forecast a current account deficit
for 1986/87 of 14.75 billion -- our present expectation is that
the result will be somewhat lower, around 14 billion," he said.
    Partial indicators released since the last meeting of EPAC
in December indicate that the 1986/87 budget strategy is
broadly on track, Keating said.
    "They indicate that domestic demand has been a little more
sluggish than was expected at budget time," he said.
    "On the other hand, net exports seem to be expanding by more
than expected at budget time, and this is underpinning growth
in domestic production and employment."
    Keating said it now seems likely that the 1986/87 inflation
rate will exceed the budget forecast of eight pct.
    "Nevertheless, there is likely to be a marked slowing in
inflation over coming quarters as depreciation and budgetary
effects wane," he said.
    Keating said the government expects economic growth to pick
up moderately in 1987/88 due to a further significant rise in
net exports and a very moderate but positive contribution from
private domestic demand.
    He said domestic demand growth will be due to a
strengthening in real household disposable income.
    The moderate rise in economic growth next financial year
should be sufficient to sustain employment growth at a level
broadly equivalent to that of the current fiscal year.
    "The current account deficit will continue to show
improvement in 1987/88," Keating said.
    "As the impact of the exchange rate depreciations of recent
years recede further, and given continued effective wage
restraint, inflation should moderate markedly in 1987/88," he
said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=312>
South Korea plans to take steps to keep
its 1987 current account surplus below five billion dlrs,
Economic Planning Board Minister Kim Mahn-je said.
    Kim told reporters the government would repay loans ahead
of schedule and encourage firms to increase imports and
investment abroad to prevent the current account surplus from
rising too quickly.
    Last year South Korea's current account surplus was 4.65
billion dlrs. It widened to 622 mln dlrs in January from 484
mln in December and compared with a deficit of 334 mln in
January 1986, Bank of Korea figures show.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=880>
New Zealand's current account deficit
for the quarter ended December 31, 1986 narrowed to 567 mln
dlrs from 738 mln, revised down from 742 mln, for the September
quarter and from 733 mln a year earlier, the statistics
department said.
    The deficit for the year ended December narrowed to 2.75
billion dlrs from 2.91 billion dlrs, revised down from 2.92
billion, for the year ended September. The deficit for calendar
1985 was 2.61 billion.
    The December quarter showed a 182 mln dlr surplus for
merchandise trade, unchanged from the September quarter surplus
which was revised down from 271 mln dlrs. The 1985 December
quarter showed a 13 mln dlr deficit.
    Imports for the December 1986 quarter were 2.655 billion
against 2.883 billion in the September quarter and 2.454 a year
earlier. Exports were 2.837 billion against 3.065 billion and
2.440 billion.
    Imports for the year ended December 1986 were 10.74 billion
dlrs compared with 11.14 billion in 1985. Exports were 11.20
billion against 11.36 billion.
    Government borrowing stood at 9.26 billion dlrs for
calendar 1986 against 3.15 billion for 1985. Borrowing in the
December quarter rose to 3.92 billion from 1.79 in the
September quarter and 611 mln a year earlier.
    Repayments stood at 5.5 billion for the year, up from 3.1
billion in 1985. Repayments in the December quarter accounted
for 1.4 billion dlrs against 260 mln in the September quarter
and 334 mln a year earlier.
    Official reserves totalled 7.205 billion dlrs at end
December compared with 4.723 billion at end September and 3.255
billion one year earlier.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=890>
South Korea's customs-cleared trade
surplus narrowed to 110 mln dlrs in February from 525 mln in
January, provisional trade ministry figures show.
    In February 1986 there was a deficit of 264 mln dlrs.
    February exports rose to 2.87 billion dlrs, fob, from 2.83
billion in January and 2.30 billion in February 1986. CIF
imports were 2.76 billion against 2.31 billion in January and
2.57 billion in February last year.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=897>
Sweden had a 1986 current balance of
payments surplus of 7.6 billion crowns compared with a deficit
of 10.1 billion the preceding year, according to preliminary
figures from the central bank.
    The December current account had a 100 mln crowns deficit
against a yearago 200 mln deficit.December trade balance was
2.3 billion surplus against yearago two billion.
    The trade balance showed a 1986 surplus of 33.2 billion
crowns compared with a 15.8 billion surplus in 1985, the bank
said .
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1100>
Canada's current account deficit widened
to a seasonally adjusted 2.27 billion dlrs in the fourth
quarter from a deficit of 1.94 billion dlrs in the third,
Statistics Canada said.
    The shortfall for the full year rose to 8.81 billion dlrs
from 1985's 584 mln dlr deficit, the federal agency said.
    The agency said the rise in the merchandise surplus, to
2.77 billion dlrs from 2.20 billion dlrs in the third quarter,
was more than offset by high deficits in servicies and
investment. The total non-merchandise deficit grew to 5.04
billion dlrs from 4.14 billion dlrs.
    The current account deficit was 912 mln dlrs in the fourth
quarter of 1985.
    In the capital account, not seasonally adjusted, there was
a total net inflow of 4.76 billion dlrs in the fourth quarter,
up from a net inflow of 3.22 billion dlrs in the third quarter
quarter.
    The total net capital inflow rose to 13.74 billion dlrs in
1986 from 7.68 billion dlr in 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1611>
Turkey expects a 1986 balance of payments
deficit of 1.5 billion dlrs, well over target, but is taking
steps to improve its performance in this and other fields, Ali
Tigrel, director of economic planning at the State Planning
Organisation said.
    He told Reuters the shortfall was a direct consequence of
economic growth of nearly eight pct, up from 5.1 pct in 1985,
which he said resulted mostly from a surge in domestic demand.
    Tigrel acknowledged a need to cut inflation further after a
drop of more than 12 points to 24.6 pct in the Treasury
wholesale index last year.
    This year's target of 20 pct "might be attainable but the
economic management will have to be careful," he said.
    Tigrel, whose department produces the annual programme
which is central to the government's economic planning, said
Turkey's creditworthiness was at risk over the current account
shortfall, originally targeted at 695 mln dlrs.
    "We must alleviate the current account substantially to
sustain the creditworthiness that we have managed to secure
over the last five years," he added.
    His comment echoed last October's Organisation for Economic
Cooperation and Development report on Turkey, which said
Ankara's case for more medium-term financing on better terms
would look better if inflation were lower and the current
account deficit cut or turned into a surplus.
    "In 1987 we must reduce the rate of growth in public sector
investments, we must reduce the public sector deficit as a
percentage of GNP and we must achieve a very visible
improvement in the current account deficit," he said.
    Tigrel said a surge in public sector spending last year was
also to blame for the high deficits.
    Appropriations to government departments had been cut by
eight pct since the budget was passed in December and foreign
borrowing by municipalities had been restrained.
    "We are trying make sure that public bodies stick to the
investment programme and do not exceed their appropriations," he
said. It was hoped to bring the public sector borrowing
requirement down to five pct of GNP in 1987 from an estimated
5.6 pct in 1986.
    More modest GNP growth of five pct for 1987 was also
targeted, Tigrel said. Measures were being taken to encourage
exports, and production incentives were being considered.
    "We must try to make sure that more capacity is injected
into the Turkish economy in the coming years. The promotion
policy is geared to make sure that both foreign investment and
local private capital come more into play as far as
manufacturing capacity is concerned," Tigrel said.
    He said the process of structural adjustment of the Turkish
economy to free market policies, begun in 1980, was still under
way. Trade had been liberalised and a freer exchange rate
policy applied, but he acknowledged there was more to be done
in a country where the state still dominates industry and the
currency is only partially convertible.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1890>
New Zealand's current account deficit
narrowed to 180 mln N.Z. Dlrs in January from 203 mln, revised
from 207 mln, in December and 305 mln in January 1986, in a
smoothed measurement, the Statistics Department said.
    Unsmoothed figures show a deficit of 162 mln dlrs for
January against 107 mln, revised from 75 mln for December 1986
and 575 mln in January 1986.
    The smoothed series -- adjusted to iron out random
fluctuations -- shows a widening surplus on merchandise trade
to 46 mln from a surplus of 33 mln, revised from 43 mln dlrs in
December and a 71 mln deficit in the a year ago period.
    Exports were 905 mln dlrs against 929 mln, revised from 971
mln in December and 816 mln a year earlier, while imports fell
to 858 mln from 895 mln, revised from 928 mln in December and
888 mln in January 1986.
    Unadjusted merchandise figures show a surplus of 53 mln
dlrs vs 141 mln, revised from 203 mln surplus in December 1986
and a 323 mln deficit a year earlier.
    The deficit on invisibles on unsmoothed figures eased to
215 mln dlrs from 248 mln, revised from 277 mln in December and
252 mln in January 1986.
    The smoothed deficit on invisibles fell to 226 mln from 237
mln, revised from 250 mln in December and 234 mln in the year
ago period.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1964>
Britain had a visible trade deficit of
2.6 billion stg in the fourth quarter of 1986 against a revised
deficit of 2.9 billion in the third quarter, official
statistics show.
    Seasonally-adjusted figures issued by the Central
Statistical Office (CSO) show the current account was in
deficit by 760 mln stg against an upwardly revised third
quarter shortfall of 930 mln.
    For 1986 as a whole, visible trade was in deficit by 8.3
billion stg, sharply up from 1985's 2.2. Billion shortfall and
a 4.4 billion deficit in 1984.
    Preliminary figures for invisible transactions in the
fourth quarter show a surplus 1.8 billion stg to give an
estimated surplus for 1986 of 7.2 billion. The fourth quarter
figure was in line with CSO projections released on Friday.
    The third quarter invisibles surplus was revised down to
1.9 billion stg from 2.25 billion.
    In 1985 the invisibles surplus was 5.1 billion stg.
    The reduced deficit on visible trade in the fourth quarter
was due to an increase in the surplus on oil of 200 mln stg and
a reduction in the non-oil trade deficit of 100 mln, the CSO
said.
    However, 1986's surplus on oil trade was 4.0 billion stg
lower than in 1985, while the deficit on non-oil trade
increased by 2.1 billion.
    The figures were broadly in line with market expectations.
    The CSO stressed that figures for invisible transactions,
particularly for the most recent quarters are liable to
substantial revisions as later information becomes available.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10297>
Japan's current account surplus rose to
7.38 billion dlrs in February from 3.89 billion a year ago and
from 4.95 billion in January, the Finance Ministry said.
    The trade surplus rose to 8.14 billion dlrs in February
from 4.77 billion a year earlier and 5.70 billion in January.
    The long-term capital account deficit widened to 11.40
billion dlrs from 8.06 billion a year ago, but it narrowed from
12.32 billion in January, the Ministry said.
    Japan's February exports rose to 16.74 billion dlrs from
14.89 billion in February 1986 and from 14.65 billion in
January, the Ministry said. Imports fell to 8.61 billion from
10.12 billion a year earlier and 8.94 billion in January.
    The invisible trade deficit fell to 617 mln dlrs in
February from 693 mln a year earlier, but was up from a 527 mln
deficit in January.
    Figures do not tally exactly because of rounding.
    Transfer payments narrowed to a 140 mln dlr deficit last
month from a 185 mln deficit a year earlier and a 225 mln
deficit in January.
    The basic balance of payments deficit in February fell to
4.02 billion dlrs from 4.17 billion in February 1986 and 7.37
billion in January. Short-term capital account payments swung
to a 1.28 billion dlr deficit in February from a 1.60 billion
surplus a year earlier and a 1.44 billion dlr surplus in
January.
    Errors and omissions were 2.65 billion dlrs in surplus,
compared with a 1.27 billion surplus a year earlier and a 1.10
billion deficit in January. The overall balance of payments
deficit rose to 2.65 billion dlrs from 1.30 billion a year
earlier but was down from 7.04 billion in January.
    The seasonally adjusted trade surplus fell to 9.16 billion
dlrs in February from the record 9.58 billion in January, the
Ministry said.
    The seasonally adjusted current account surplus also
dropped to 8.4 billion dlrs in February from the record 8.83
billion set in January.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10341>
Japan today announced another mammoth
monthly trade surplus that economists said would be sure to
intensify already mounting pressure on the country for action.
    "The world has every reason to be furious with Japan for not
moving more quickly," Jardine Fleming (Securities) Ltd economist
Eric Rasmussen said.
    The Finance Ministry said today that the trade surplus
soared to 8.14 billion dlrs in February from 5.7 billion in
January and 4.77 billion a year ago.
    The current account surplus, which includes trade in
services as well as goods, climbed to 7.38 billion dlrs last
month from 4.95 billion in January and 3.89 billion a year ago.
    After being adjusted for seasonal fluctuations, the figures
look a bit better, but not much. On that basis, the trade
surplus declined slightly in February to 9.16 billion dlrs from
a record 9.58 billion in January.
    "In the medium term we expect this modest improvement to
continue but the pace of progress may be too slow to ward off
further protectionism or further yen strength," said William
Stirling, economist at Merrill Lynch Japan Inc.
    A strong yen would make Japanese goods more expensive on
world markets while making imports into the country cheaper.
    "On a seasonally adjusted basis, we appear to be making some
progress on getting exports down," Jardine's Rasmussen said.
    But imports do not seem to be picking up much because the
Japanese economy remains sluggish, he said.
    Finance Ministry officials blamed last month's slower
import growth on a decline in oil imports as refiners worked
off stocks they had built up in January.
    The officials took comfort from a decline in the volume of
exports last month, after an unexpected year-on-year increase
in January.
    This means the effects of the two-year rise of the yen
against the U.S. Dollar are finally beginning to have an impact
on exports, they said.
    But economists warned that may not be soon enough for
Japan's trading partners.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10372>
South Africa's trade surplus rose
to 1.62 billion rand in February after falling to 906.2 mln in
January, Customs and Excise figures show.
    This compares with a year earlier surplus of 958.9 mln
rand.
    Exports rose slightly to 3.36 billion rand in February from
3.31 billion in January but imports fell to 1.74 billion from
2.41 billion.
    This brought total exports for the first two months of 1987
to 6.67 billion rand and imports to 4.15 billion for a total
surplus of 2.52 billion rand against 1.71 billion a year
earlier.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10376>
Japan's current account surplus rose to
7.38 billion dlrs in February from 3.89 billion a year ago and
from 4.95 billion in January, the Finance Ministry said.
    The trade surplus rose to 8.14 billion dlrs in February
from 4.77 billion a year earlier and 5.70 billion in January.
    The long-term capital account deficit widened to 11.40
billion dlrs from 8.06 billion a year ago, but it narrowed from
12.32 billion in January, the Ministry said.
    Japan's February exports rose to 16.74 billion dlrs from
14.89 billion in February 1986 and from 14.65 billion in
January, the Ministry said. Imports fell to 8.61 billion from
10.12 billion a year earlier and 8.94 billion in January.
    The invisible trade deficit fell to 617 mln dlrs in
February from 693 mln a year earlier, but was up from a 527 mln
deficit in January.
    Figures do not tally exactly because of rounding.
    Transfer payments narrowed to a 140 mln dlr deficit last
month from a 185 mln deficit a year earlier and a 225 mln
deficit in January.
    The basic balance of payments deficit in February fell to
4.02 billion dlrs from 4.17 billion in February 1986 and 7.37
billion in January. Short-term capital account payments swung
to a 1.28 billion dlr deficit in February from a 1.60 billion
surplus a year earlier and a 1.44 billion dlr surplus in
January.
    Errors and omissions were 2.65 billion dlrs in surplus,
compared with a 1.27 billion surplus a year earlier and a 1.10
billion deficit in January. The overall balance of payments
deficit rose to 2.65 billion dlrs from 1.30 billion a year
earlier but was down from 7.04 billion in January.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11137>
New Zealand's current account
deficit narrowed to 78 mln dlrs in February from 93 mln in
January and 233 mln in February 1986, in a smoothed seasonally
adjusted measurement, the statistics department said.
    This is the first time current account figures have
appeared in a seasonally adjusted form.
    Non-seasonally adjusted but smoothed figures show a deficit
of 112 mln dlrs against 144 mln in January and 281 mln in
February 1986.
    Totally unadjusted figures show a deficit of 47 mln dlrs
against 168 mln in January and 227 mln in February 1986.
    The smoothed seasonally adjusted series shows a surplus on
merchandise trade of 174 mln dlrs after 161 mln in January and
33 mln in February 1986.
    Smoothed but non-seasonally adjusted figures show a
merchandise trade surplus of 114 mln dlrs against 81 mln in
January and a 47 mln dlr deficit in February 1986.
    Unadjusted merchandise figures show a surplus of 168 mln
against 36 mln in January and 22 mln in February 1986.
    The deficit on invisibles was 241 mln dlrs against 242 mln
in January and 250 mln in February 1986.
    The smoothed but not seasonally adjusted deficit on
invisibles was 226 mln dlrs against 225 mln in January and 234
mln in February 1986.
    The unadjusted deficit on invisibles was 215 mln dlrs
against 204 mln in January and 249 mln in February 1986.
    Seasonally adjusted export and import figures were not
available but the department said they will be included in
future current account data.
    Smoothed but non-seasonally adjusted exports were 924 mln
dlrs, unchanged from January, against 843 mln in February 1986.
    Smoothed but non-seasonally adjusted imports were 810 mln
dlrs against 843 mln in January and 890 mln in February 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11185>
Sweden's balance of payments on
current account showed a deficit of 500 mln crowns in January
after a shortfall of 100 mln in December, Central Bank figures
showed.
    This compared with a deficit of 1.3 billion in January
1986, the Bank said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11882>
Kenya's economy will continue to expand
this year and the government will do more to encourage
investment by foreign firms and the local private sector,
Planning Minister Robert Ouko said.
    He told a news conference that the government would soon
create a special bureau to expedite processing of investment
applications by local and foreign investors.
    Praising the role of multinational companies and local
entrepreneurs in Kenya's economy, the minister promised to
maintain a close working contact with the private sector.
    The economy grew by 5.3 pct last year, up from 4.1 pct in
1985, Ouko said.
    This was owing to high prices for the country's coffee
exports, low oil prices, low inflation and rising real incomes,
he added.
    "Despite rising petroleum prices and falling coffee prices,
Kenya's economy is still expected to improve in 1987," the
planning minister said.
    "High aggregate demand arising from low inflation, trade
liberalisation and disciplined financial management are
expected to increase output in the manufacturing sector," he
said.
    Agriculture would expand significantly if favourable
weather continued and farmers responded to producer price rises
announced in February, the minister added.
    Kenyan farmers are anxiously awaiting the arrival of the
long rainy season, which is due to start about now.
    Ouko said the production of Kenya's main cash crops
increased during the second half of last year.
    Coffee deliveries to the state-run Coffee Board of Kenya
rose 17 pct and tea deliveries rose four pct during the period,
he said.
    Ouko paid tribute to the private sector for its
contribution to the economy and promised to improve government
cooperation with businessmen by maintaining regular contact
with them.
    "I wish to pay tribute to the private sector for its
contribution to the economy in 1986 and challenge it to
maintain the same spirit this year ... The manufacturing sector
grew by an estimated 5.8 pct in 1986, in line with the same
period the previous year," he said.
    Ouko said the "one stop" bureau was intended to stimulate
investment and cut the time and bureacracy currently involved
in processing applications.
    The planning minister presented a review of the Kenyan
economy during the second half of 1986 which showed inflation
falling to 4.3 pct from 10.2 a year earlier.
    This was owing to higher agricultural production and the
Kenyan shilling's relative strength against other major
currencies, the report said.
    The average exchange rate was 16.23 shillings per U.S. Dlr
last year, a fall of only 1.2 pct from 16.432 in 1985. The half
yearly report said exports increased about 30 pct in
July-December 1986, while imports rose by only six pct during
the period.
    This gave Kenya an overall balance of payments surplus of
780 mln Kenya shillings (48 mln dlrs) during the period,
compared with a 1.4 billion shilling (87 mln dlr) deficit in
the second half of 1985, it said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12986>
Portugal's Gross Domestic Product (GDP)
will grow around four pct this year, the same rate as in 1986,
according to a Bank of Portugal forecast.
    Total investment this year, the country's second as a
member of the European Community (EC), will rise nearly 10 pct,
again the same rate as last year, the central bank study said.
    It added that Portugal's current account was forecast to
show a surplus of 400 mln dlrs this year compared with 1.13
billion in 1986 and 369 mln the previous year.
    Last year's high surplus was attributed to cheaper oil and
raw materials, lower world interest rates and a weaker dollar.
    Imports by volume were forecast to grow 10 pct this year
and exports four pct compared with increases of 16.5 pct and
6.6 pct respectively in 1986, the bank said.
    The forecasts were calculated on the assumption that the
non-expansionary monetary policy carried out by the current
government would be maintained, particularly in budget spending
and income and in wage policy.
    The bank added that the 1987 forecasts were also based on
the assumption that the international economic situation and
Portugal's world trade relations would remain more or less the
same as in 1986.
    The central bank said the high rate of investment estimated
for 1986 was due to government policies and to increasing
optimism among firms whose financial situation had improved
since 1985. This tendency was expected to continue this year,
especially in the construction and public works sectors.
    Financial aid from the EC had also helped to boost
investment last year, the bank said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14109>
The inflow of long-term capital into
West Germany slumped to 606 mln marks in February from
January's record 11.91 billion, with foreign purchases of
German bonds and shares declining sharply, the Bundesbank said.
    While foreigners bought only four billion marks worth of
German bonds in February after 13 billion in January, they sold
a net 500 mln marks in shares and promissory notes of public
authorities after sales worth 300 mln in January.
    With German investors' purchases of foreign securities
steady around 1.3 billion marks, only 2.2 billion marks were
imported through securities transactions, after 11.2 billion.
    Direct investment abroad led to a capital outflow of 1.60
billion marks in February after 2.83 billion in January.
    There was a deficit of 8.14 billion marks in the short-term
capital account after a surplus of 194 mln in January.
    Banks alone exported some 8.6 billion marks in funds while
domestic companies increased their short-term financial assets
abroad by 700 mln. But public authorities received some one
billion marks from abroad, the Bundesbank said in a statement.
    Combining long and short term capital outflows, West
Germany recorded a net outflow of 7.53 billion marks in
February against a net inflow of 11.91 billion in January.
    The Bundesbank confirmed the German trade surplus widened
to 10.45 billion marks in February from January's 7.20 billion.
    Taking the two months together the seasonally adjusted
surplus was slightly below the figure for the previous two. In
terms of current as well as constant prices, the narrowing of
the surplus was progressing, the bank said.
    Germany's current account surplus widened to 6.63 billion
marks in February from 4.79 billion in January, but was down on
the 7.26 billion figure for February 1986. Seasonally adjusted,
the February current account surplus narrowed against January.
    While exports in February fell a half pct against the same
month last year, imports fell 10-1/2 pct largely due to the
drop in prices. Exports grew three pct in volume and imports
two pct.
    In the balance of services, a fall in net investment income
led to a 300 mln mark deficit in February after a 300 mln mark
surplus in January.
    The deficit in transfer payments widened to 3.70 billion
marks from 2.69 billion, largely due to a sharp jump to 2.3
billion marks from 200 mln in payments to the European
Community budget.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3019>
The 24 nations of the Organisation for
Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), hampered by
sluggish industrial output and trade, face slower economic
growth, and their joint balance of payments will swing into
deficit in 1987, the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU ) said.
    The EIU said in its World Trade Forecast it revised OECD
economic growth downwards to 2.5 pct this year, compared with a
2.8 pct growth forecast in December.
    It said the new areas of weakness are West Germany and the
smaller European countries it influences, and Japan, hardest
hit by currency appreciation this year.
    The independent research organisation cut its 1987 growth
rate forecasts for West Germany to 2.2 pct from 3.2 pct in
December and to 2.3 pct from three pct for Japan.
    It said it expected the OECD to post a current account
deficit of some 13 billion dlrs in both 1987 and 1988, due in
large part to a 1.50 dlrs a barrel rise in 1987 oil prices.
    It said the U.S. Current account deficit looked likely to
fall even more slowly than forecast, to 125 billion dlrs in
1987 and 115 billion in 1988 from 130 billion in 1986.
    It said it expected West Germany to post a 31 billion dlr
payments surplus and Japan a 76 billion dlr surplus this year.
    The EIU said it saw oil prices dropping to around 16.50
dlrs a barrel by end-1987 and 15.50 dlrs in 1988 from about 18
dlrs last year, as adherence to OPEC output policy becomes
increasingly ragged.
    It said the dollar is poised to resume its decline in
foreign exchange markets, and will lose a further 13 pct on its
trade-weighted index this year and five pct in 1988 after last
year's 18.4 pct drop. The average mark/dollar rate is put at
1.80 marks this year and 1.70 in 1988 while the yen/dollar rate
is expected to break through the 150 yen barrier with an
average value of 150 yen in 1987 and 146 yen in 1988, it said.
    "This is not a crash scenario but the dollar's steeper
angle of descent increases the risk of ending with a fireball
rather than a three-point landing," the EIU said.
    "Talking will not stop the dollar's slide for long and the
February meeting (of finance ministers of the Group of Five and
Canada) produced scant promise of either a decisive shift to
more expansive policies in West Germany and Japan, or a tighter
U.S. Fsical policy," it said.
    It said the key to the dollar's fortunes was the
willingness of Japanese institutions to buy U.S. Government
assets despite prospects of sustaining a currency loss.
    "Thus far they have been willing," the EIC said, adding
that if Japan was deterred from buying U.S. bonds the dollar
would collapse.
    To contain such a currency crisis, dollar interest rates
would have to soar, bringing recession and a Third World debt
crisis, it said.
    On trade, the EIU said prospects for 1987 look
"increasingly sick."
    Import growth, forecast in December at 4.5 pct, is now seen
slowing down to around 3.8 pct in 1987 with a recovery only to
4.2 pct in 1988, it said.
    The weakness of the West German economy is the biggest
single factor, with import growth there expected to feature a
sluggish 3.5 pct growth in 1987 against the 6.5 pct forecast in
December, the EIU said.
    On the export side, it said it saw weak demand in West
Germany affecting export prospects elsewhere in Europe, while
Japan's exports in 1987 would remain flat and sales by U.S.
Exporters would respond only marginally to a lower, more
competitively-priced dollar.
    It said in most of Europe and in Japan, raw materials and
oil will cost less in domestic currency in 1987 than in 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3024>
Dutch economic growth is slowing as a
firming guilder cuts competitiveness abroad and industries
reduce the pace of investment, the Dutch official planning
agency CPB said.
    The Centraal Planbureau, publishing its 1987 economic
outlook, said Dutch Net National Income (NNI) was expected to
grow by one pct this year, down from two pct growth recorded in
1986 and 2.5 pct in 1985 and 1984.
    Dutch Gross National Product is expected to rise to 432.20
billion guilders in 1987 in constant prices, a two pct increase
from last year's 423.95 billion.
    The CPB, forecasting an 8.5 pct increase in the value of
the guilder on a trade-weighted basis compared with 10.0 pct
last year, said the dollar was expected to trade at an average
of 2.0 guilders in 1987 compared with 2.45 guilders in 1986.
    "The higher guilder is causing a substantial fall in unit
labour costs abroad, when measured in guilder terms, while
these are rising slightly in the Netherlands," the CPB said.
    More of economic growth now depended on domestic
consumption, the CPB said, but noting that higher margins set
by domestic producers and importers mitigated the effect on
purchasing power of lower import costs and deflation.
    Consumer prices were set to fall by 1.5 pct this year, the
CPB said. Inflation was zero last year.
    Gross investment in industry was expected to grow by five
pct this year, a slowdown compared with 11.5 pct growth last
year, the CPB said.
    Exchange rate and oil price fluctuations will continue to
condition the Dutch economy in the future as it has in recent
years, the CPB said, noting a continued depressing impact of
these factors on Dutch competitiveness.
    In addition, it noted a slight rise in taxation and social
security costs to employers.
    The CPB, forecasting a rise in the budget deficit to 7.2
pct of Net National Income in 1987 from 6.3 pct last year,
urged the government to cut expenditure further to bring down
the deficit and reduce tax and social security payments in
future.
    Dutch government revenue is being depressed further by
falling income from natural gas sales in 1987, the CPB said.
    It said unemployment was expected to fall to 675,000 this
year from 710,000 last year.
    While the two pct GDP growth forecast set by the CPB is
within its latest forecast, issued last month, of 1.5 to two
pct growth, the figure is well above recent market estimates.
    Dutch merchant bank Pierson, Heldring en Pierson said in
its February economic outlook that GDP growth at constant
prices was expected to be 1.1 pct this year and market analysts
had expected the CPB's final forecast to be below its own
latest estimate.
    "It is too early to comment because I haven't seen the whole
document yet, but it would seem we are more pessimistic in some
of our estimates," a Pierson economist said.
    The CPB forecast 2.5 pct export growth in volume terms in
1987, after four pct growth last year. Excluding energy
exports, the 1987 figure would be two pct, it said.
    Imports were set to rise by 4.5 pct this year compared with
four pct in 1986 in volume terms, the CPB said.
    The balance of payments would see a sharp decline in the
surplus, to six billion guilders in 1987 compared with 12.1
billion last year, the CPB forecast.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3065>
The 24 nations of the Organisation for
Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), hampered by
sluggish industrial output and trade, face slower economic
growth, and their joint balance of payments will swing into
deficit in 1987, the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU ) said.
    The EIU said in its World Trade Forecast it revised OECD
economic growth downwards to 2.5 pct this year, compared with a
2.8 pct growth forecast in December.
    It said the new areas of weakness are West Germany and the
smaller European countries it influences, and Japan, hardest
hit by currency appreciation this year.
    The independent research organisation cut its 1987 growth
rate forecasts for West Germany to 2.2 pct from 3.2 pct in
December and to 2.3 pct from three pct for Japan.
    It said it expected the OECD to post a current account
deficit of some 13 billion dlrs in both 1987 and 1988, due in
large part to a 1.50 dlrs a barrel rise in 1987 oil prices.
    It said the U.S. Current account deficit looked likely to
fall even more slowly than forecast, to 125 billion dlrs in
1987 and 115 billion in 1988 from 130 billion in 1986.
    It said it expected West Germany to post a 31 billion dlr
payments surplus and Japan a 76 billion dlr surplus this year.
    The EIU said it saw oil prices dropping to around 16.50
dlrs a barrel by end-1987 and 15.50 dlrs in 1988 from about 18
dlrs last year, as adherence to OPEC output policy becomes
increasingly ragged.
    It said the dollar is poised to resume its decline in
foreign exchange markets, and will lose a further 13 pct on its
trade-weighted index this year and five pct in 1988 after last
year's 18.4 pct drop.
    The average mark/dollar rate is put at 1.80 marks this year
and 1.70 in 1988 while the yen/dollar rate is expected to break
through the 150 yen barrier with an average value of 150 yen in
1987 and 146 yen in 1988, it said.
    "This is not a crash scenario but the dollar's steeper angle
of descent increases the risk of ending with a fireball rather
than a three-point landing," the EIU said.
    "Talking will not stop the dollar's slide for long and the
February meeting (of finance ministers of the Group of Five and
Canada) produced scant promise of either a decisive shift to
more expansive policies in West Germany and Japan, or a tighter
U.S. Fiscal policy," it said.
    It said the key to the dollar's fortunes was the
willingness of Japanese institutions to buy U.S. Government
assets despite prospects of sustaining a currency loss.
    "Thus far they have been willing," the EIC said, adding that
if Japan was deterred from buying U.S. Bonds the dollar would
collapse.
    To contain such a currency crisis, dollar interest rates
would have to soar, bringing recession and a Third World debt
crisis, it said.
    On trade, the EIU said prospects for 1987 look "increasingly
sick."
    Import growth, forecast in December at 4.5 pct, is now seen
slowing down to around 3.8 pct in 1987 with a recovery only to
4.2 pct in 1988, it said.
    The weakness of the West German economy is the biggest
single factor, with import growth there expected to feature a
sluggish 3.5 pct growth in 1987 against the 6.5 pct forecast in
December, the EIU said.
    On the export side, it said it saw weak demand in West
Germany affecting export prospects elsewhere in Europe, while
Japan's exports in 1987 would remain flat and sales by U.S.
Exporters would respond only marginally to a lower, more
competitively-priced dollar.
    It said in most of Europe and in Japan, raw materials and
oil will cost less in domestic currency in 1987 than in 1986.
    However, rates of inflation will edge up in 1988 to over
the current OECD average of three pct. Non-oil commodity prices
will show a modest dollar price increase in 1988 for the first
time since 1984, the EIU said.
    After a rise of 18 pct in 1986, the dollar price of
internationally traded manufactures will go up by 8.5 pct in
1987 and by five pct in 1988, it said.
    It said OECD industrial production would rise by only 1.6
pct in 1987 after a weak 1.5 pct increase in 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3249>
The Dutch current account surplus fell
5.4 billion guilders last year to a provisional 12.1 billion
guilders, the Finance Ministry said in a statement.
    The surplus is expected to fall further in 1987, the
statement said, but gave no details. Earlier today, the
official planning agency CPB said it expected the surplus to
fall to six billion guilders during 1987.
    The visible goods surplus excluding energy fell by 5.6
billion guilders in 1986 to 11.4 billion due to declining terms
of exchange, while more goods were imported as consumer
spending and investment increased.
    While the energy trade balance surplus rose by 5.4 billion
guilders, 4.7 billion of this gain was caused by temporary
improvements of terms of exchange and was aided by the delay
between the fall in oil and gas prices.
    The current account showed a 5.2 billion guilder deficit on
invisibles, compared with a balance in 1985, the Finance
Ministry said, noting the surplus on transport services was
reduced substantially due to the lower dollar and oil price
falls.
    The fourth quarter current account showed a deficit, for
the first time since 1980, of 700 mln guilders, it said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3338>
The dollar will decline over the next
two to three years, but this is unlikely to result in a
complete reduction of the U.S. current account deficit, said
Anthony Solomon, chairman of S.G. Warburg (USA) Inc and former
president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.
    In a presentation to the Japan Society, Solomon said
without elaboration that he expects a "significant decline in
the dollar," within the next three years.
    "The dollar will fall more, but the current account deficit
will stop being reduced when it reaches its structural core,"
he said.
    Solomon described the structural core as about one-half of
the current 150 billion dlr annual deficit. He cited several
factors which will prevent an elimination of the deficit.
    For one thing, it is unlikely that there will be any new
investment in those manufacturing industries that shrank when
the dollar was at uncompetitive levels, he said.
    In addition, he said that the U.S. has an increased
propensity to import in order to satisify consumer tastes.
    Solomon forecast inflation at 4.5 pct by year-end, but said
it could be kept below five pct in the medium-term if oil
prices are stable and commodity values remain low.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3488>
China's foreign debt reached 27 billion
dlrs by the end of 1986, but despite an over-exposure to
short-term credits and yen borrowing, China remains very
creditworthy with an improved 1987 export outlook, foreign
bankers and Chinese officials told Reuters.
    Foreign bankers said China's total debt rose sharply from
an estimated 20 billion dlrs at end-1985 to cover increased
import commitments but the debt/equity ratio remains low,
between eight and 10 pct.
    China remains a cautious and popular borrower, they said.
    Zhang Haoruo, vice minister of Foreign Economic Relations
and Trade, said last Friday that China signed foreign loan
agreements for 6.94 billion dlrs last year, 96.6 pct up on
1985, with actual loans amounting to 4.83 billion, up 93 pct.
    Officials said China would borrow 25 to 30 billion dlrs in
the 1986-90 five year plan period, but foreign bankers said
they estimate foreign loans at 30 to 40 billion.
    A Western banker said China's portfolio contains too much
short-term debt and too much of it is denominated in yen as a
result of aggressive lending by Japanese banks and attractive
low interest rates in the Japanese market.
    The strong yen appreciation has cost China dearly and is
likely to make it reduce new yen borrowings, the banker said.
    A Chinese trade official estimated the yen component of the
country's total debt at about 30 pct.
    The Peking representative of a Japanese securities house
said the rapid yen rise had caught China and his firm unawares.
    "Interest rates in Japan are at a historical low, but China,
which will remain an active borrower this year, is likely to go
elsewhere for capital, to get a better currency spread," he
said.
    The Western banker said the excess of short-term loans is
in part a result of China's inexperience in the foreign capital
markets, which it entered only in the early 1980s.
    "Officials do not think of China but of their own department
or firm. Some loans that were entered into did not have the
full backing of the People's Republic of China," he said.
    "The dilemma for China, in foreign borrowing as in other
areas, is to balance central control with giving reasonable
autonomy to firms. It is searching for the mechanisms to
exercise indirect controls," he said.
    The banker said officials have stressed repeatedly over the
past six weeks that China's foreign borrowing will not be
affected by a drive against "bourgeois liberalism," a phrase
meaning Western political ideas, following the dismissal of
Communist Party chief Hu Yaobang on January 16.
    A U.S. Banker said there is no evidence that China's
foreign exchange reserves have fallen below the officially
stated figure of 10 billion dlrs.
    "The Bank of China is both a buyer and a seller in the
market, which would know quickly if it was buying heavily in
advance of an announcement the reserves were down," he said.
    The banker said such buying has not been going on. "Things
are normal. Trade deficits such as China had last year and in
1985 are normal for a country at its stage of development."
    Customs figures show China had a trade deficit of 11.9
billion dlrs in 1986, down from 14 billion in 1985.
    A Ministry of Foreign Economic Relations and Trade official
said this year's outlook for exports, which account for more
than 75 pct of foreign exchange earnings, is much healthier
than a year ago.
    The renminbi has matched the U.S. Dollar fall, he said. It
was quoted at 3.72 today, little changed from 3.7 a year ago.
    The official said China has taken measures to improve its
export performance, including incentive offers to exporters and
the establishment of export production bases.
    "We expect higher prices for our oil exports this year," he
added.
    Official estimates put China's 1986 export losses from the
drop in world oil prices at three billion dlrs.
    A Western diplomat said China's foreign debt needs careful
management but its debt service ratio remains very low at six
to eight pct.
    "We base our assessment not on China's foreign exchange
reserves but on its export performance, just as you assess a
company on its performance, not its bank account," he said.
    He said China performed very well in the export field last
year and remains a very creditworthy country which will have
few difficulties in increasing its borrowing.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3512>
South Korea will further open its market
to help cut its trade surplus with the U.S. And to fight off
pressure to revalue the won against the dollar, a government
spokesman said.
    The spokesman said Korean trade minister Rha Woong-Bae's
stand in Washington yesterday against pressure from industrial
nations to revalue the won underlined the government's
determination to stand firm.
    Rha told the U.S. Chamber of Commerce "Demands that Korea
carry out a drastic and sudden currency revaluation of five or
10 pct are, I believe, extremely ill-advised."
    Deputy prime minister Kim Mahn-Je told a meeting of local
businessmen "The government's policy on the question of
revaluing the won is to maintain a steadfast position."
    Kim said South Korea was ready to move slowly to raise the
won's value because of its heavy foreign debt which stood at
44.5 billion dlrs at the end of 1986.
    Six industrialised nations agreed in Paris last month that
newly industrialising countries, such as South Korea and
Taiwan, should allow their currencies to appreciate.
    But local businessmen have said won/dollar parity has
already reached "a crisis level."
    An official of the Korea Traders' Association (KTA) said if
the won strengthened another five pct, this would mean the loss
of profitability for nearly half of all South Korean exporters.
    "We are determined not to go the way of Latin American
debtor nations which have suspended interest payments of their
debts," the spokesman said. "The only way to keep our good record
is to maintain our exports.+
    The trade minister said yesterday should Seoul revalue the
won suddenly Korea would run "a tremendous trade deficit and
could degenerate into a country, like many other developing
countries, which is reneging on its international obligations."
    The spokesman said South Korea had been gradually
appreciating its currency, ruling out a major revaluation. So
far this year, the won has gone up by 0.8 pct against the
dollar after a 3.34 pct revaluation in 1986.
    He said South Korea was selecting "many" of 122 items on
which Washington recently asked Seoul to lower tariffs to help
narrow its trade surplus with the U.S. No further details were
given.
    Seoul announced in January the lifting of bans on 158
items, including sensitive agricultural products and large
cars, effective from July.
    South Korea posted its first ever current account surplus
last year, due largely to a trade surplus with the U.S. Of 7.1
billion dlrs, against a 4.3 billion deficit in 1985. It earlier
forecast that its current account surplus could reach eight
billion dlrs this year.
    But the government official said the surplus would be held
at around five billion dlrs to avoid further pressure by
industrialised nations to push up the value of its currency.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3541>
Portugal's trade deficit narrowed in
1986 to 336.5 billion escudos from 354.8 billion in 1985,
according to provisional National Statistics Institute figures.
    Imports totalled 1,412.6 billion escudos and exports
1,076.1 billion compared with 1,326.5 billion and 971.7 billion
in 1985.
    Expressed in terms of dollars, imports rose 21.2 pct and
exports 26.1 pct and the trade deficit increased by 7.8 pct.
    In its first year as a member of the European Community,
Portugal recorded a deficit of 98.1 billion escudos in its
trade with the other Community states compared with a deficit
of 2.4 billion escudos in 1985.
    Imports from the EC in 1986 totalled 830.2 billion escudos,
while exports to the Community were 732.1 billion, compared
with 609.5 billion and 607.1 billion the previous year.
    Portugal's deficit with Spain was 83.2 billion escudos
against 57.7 billion in 1985, with Italy it was 70.4 billion
against 30.3 billion, and with West Germany 40.5 billion
against 19.1 billion.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3615>
The U.S. merchandise trade deficit
on a balance of payments basis was a record 38.37 billion dlrs
in the October to December fourth quarter, the Commerce
Department said.
    The record trade shortfall came after a revised 37.15
billion dlr third quarter deficit. The department previously
reported the third quarter deficit was 37.67 billion dlrs.
    For the full year 1986, the merchandise trade deficit was a
record 147.7 billion dlrs, up from 124.4 billion dlrs in 1985,
the department said.
    During the final quarter last year imports rose 2.78
billion dlrs or three pct to 95.7 billion dlrs, while exports
rose 1.56 billion dlrs or three pct to 57.33 billion dlrs.
    The trade report on a balance of payments basis excludes
such factors as military sales and the costs of shipping and
insurance.
    The Commerce Department said non-petroleum imports in the
quarter were up 2.7 billion dlrs or three pct to 87.7 billion
dlrs, with the largest increases in consumer goods, which rose
1.2 billion dlrs, and in non-monetary gold and passenger cars
from Canada, up 900 mln dlrs each.
    Lumber imports from Canada fell 300 mln dlrs or 33 pct
because of a 15 pct duty on imports from Canada, the department
said. Passenger car imports fell 600 mln dlrs because of an 18
pct decrease in the number of South Korean-made imported cars
and a nine pct decrease from Japan.
    On the exports side, agricultural exports rose 600 mln dlrs
or nine pct to 7.1 billion dlrs, primarily because of a 104 pct
or 600 mln dlr increase in soybean exports.
    Soybean shipments to Western Europe rose sharply because
supplies from Brazil, a traditional major exporter, were
limited by drought.
    Commerce said the U.S. trade deficit with Latin America
rose 900 mln dlrs to 2.6 billion dlrs, with Japan increased 700
mln dlrs to 14.8 billion dlrs and with Western Europe rose 200
mln to 7.2 billion dlrs in the quarter.
    The deficit with newly industrialized Far East countries,
including Hong Kong, South Korea, Singapore and Taiwan, fell
500 mln dlrs to eight billion dlrs and with Canada the deficit
decreased 200 mln dlrs to 3.3 billion dlrs in the quarter.
    In the full year 1986, imports rose 30.6 billion dlrs or
nine pct to 369.5 billion dlrs. Exports increased by only 7.3
billion dlrs or three pct to 221.8 billion dlrs.
    Commerce said petroleum imports during 1986 fell 16.6
billion dlrs or 33 pct to 33.9 billion dlrs because of lower
prices. The average price per barrel decreased to 14.72 dlrs
from 26.41 dlrs.
    Agricultural exports fell by 2.6 billion dlrs or nine pct
to 26.9 billion during the year. The average price of rice fell
27 pct, cotton was down 22 pct, corn 18 pct, wheat 16 pct and
soybeans nine pct.
    The trade deficit with Japan for all of 1986 rose 11.1
billion dlrs to 54.6 billion dlrs and with Western Europe
increased 7.2 billion dlrs to 28.6 billion dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4045>
The net inflow of foreign investment
into Australia jumped to 7.3 billion dlrs in the fourth quarter
of 1986 from 4.32 billion in the third quarter and 4.55 billion
a year earlier, the Statistics Bureau said.
    The Bureau attributed the increase to a turnaround of 2.08
billion dlrs in official sector transactions and a 1.09 billion
turnaround in direct investment.
    The turnaround in official transactions to a 1.52 billion
inflow from a 555 mln outflow in the third quarter, against a
520 mln inflow a year earlier, was largely on account of
government foreign currency borrowings, it said.
    Direct investment recorded a turnaround to a 1.04 billion
dlr inflow in the fourth quarter from a 57 mln withdrawal in
the third quarter, against a 546 mln inflow in the fourth
quarter of 1985, the Bureau said.
    It said the major part of the turnaround reflected an
injection of funds, estimated at around 700 mln dlrs,
associated with the previously reported restructuring of the
Australian operations of General Motors Corp &lt;GM>.
    GM used the funds to pay out or take over certain
Australian liabilities of its local unit &lt;General
Motors-Holden's Ltd>, it said.
    However, net borrowings remained the major part of total
inflow, accounting for 6.16 billion dlrs in the fourth quarter
against 3.88 billion in the third quarter and 4.03 billion a
year earlier, the Bureau said.
    Net official borrowings comprised 1.52 billion dlrs against
a net outflow of 548 mln in the third quarter and a 516 mln
inflow a year earlier.
    Total private and semi-public authority net borrowings rose
to 4.64 billion dlrs from 4.42 billion in the third quarter and
3.51 billion a year earlier.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4078>
The French 1986 current account balance
of payments surplus has been revised slightly upwards to 25.8
billion francs from the 25.4 billion franc figure announced
last month, the Finance Ministry said.
    This compares with a 1.5 billion deficit in 1985, and while
it is the first surplus since 1979, is substantially lower than
the 50 billion surplus forecast by the previous socialist
government before they lost office in March last year.
    Net long-term capital outflows rose sharply to 70.5 billion
francs last year from 8.8 billion in 1985, largely due to a
major program of foreign debt repayment, the ministry said.
    In the fourth quarter alone the unadjusted surplus rose to
14.1 billion francs from 6.6 billion the previous quarter, but
the adjusted surplus fell to 7.4 billion from 9.1 billion.
    Fourth quarter medium and long-term foreign debt repayments
exceeded new credits by 11 billion francs.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4366>
Spain had a 68 mln dlr current account
balance of payments surplus in January compared with a 556 mln
deficit in December and 370 mln surplus in January last year,
Bank of Spain figures show.
    The trade deficit rose to 664 mln dlrs in January from 146
mln in January 1986.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4629>
Australia's terms of trade fell by a
further 3.5 pct in the fourth quarter of 1986 after declining
0.8 pct in the third quarter and 2.7 pct a year earlier, the
Statistics Bureau said.
    It said the seasonally adjusted current account deficit of
3.22 billion dlrs in the quarter would have dropped to 912 mln
if not for the terms of trade decline.
    The fourth quarter decline followed a 1.1 pct fall in
export prices and a 2.4 pct rise in import prices, it said.
    The Bureau noted Australia's terms of trade had fallen by
19.9 pct since the fourth quarter of 1983.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5189>
Australia's current account deficit for
February is expected to narrow to a range of between 700 mln
and one billion dlrs, from the unrevised January level of 1.29
billion, market economists polled by Reuters said.
    Statistics Bureau February figures are out tomorrow.
    The economists said a key element in the narrowing would be
a reversal of the drop in exports which took place in January,
after a sharp rise in December when the deficit was only 598
mln dlrs.
    As an example they quoted wheat export volume, which rose
about 30 pct in February after dropping as much in January.
    A lack of aircraft imports in February should also
contribute on the trade account although it is still likely to
remain in deficit, the economists said.
    Other positive influences on the current account balance
should be a decline in the invisibles deficit following a
seasonal fall in interest payments and the dropping out of
certain official aid payments, they said.
    They said the Australian dollar, which last week touched an
eight-month high of 0.6900 U.S. Dlrs but is now around the
0.6800 level, should not react adversely to the figures unless
the current account shortfall tops one billion dlrs.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5554>
Finance Minister Palle Simonsen said
today's downgrading of Denmark's credit rating by Standard and
Poor's Corp should not be over-dramatised.
    Standard and Poor's said it had downgraded the Kingdom of
Denmark's long-term external debt to AA from AA-Plus, following
the country's loss of the top AAA rating in January 1983.
    "This change is regrettable but there is no reason to
dramatise. This is a change of nuance. Standard and Poor's
defines the AA category as only slightly different from the top
AAA rating," Simonsen said in a statement.
    "The direct effect of the lower rating on our borrowing
capability is unlikely to be very great. But if, against
expectation, we fail to reduce permanently the external account
deficit... This will inevitably affect borrowing terms and
capability," he added.
    "Standard &amp; Poor's has noted that in 1986 there was a series
of austerity measures designed particularly to cut lending and
encourage saving. Tax reforms have also gone into effect.
    "If and when it becomes necessary, the government will be
ready to take any necessary economic and political initiatives
as it has in the past," Simonsen said.
   Standard and Poor's said weaker international
competitiveness in the face of rising labour costs would mean a
deteriorating current account balance and a rise in external
debt.
    The external current account deficit rose to a record
preliminary 34.5 billion crowns in 1986 from 29.1 billion in
1985, bringing total foreign debt to 265 billion crowns,
according to government statistics.
    Government economists forecast that the external current
account deficit will fall to 19 billion crowns this year.
    Denmark's net foreign debt rose to 129 pct of total exports
in 1986 from 83 pct in 1983, S and P said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5765>
Australia's current deficit narrowed
to 750 mln dlrs in February from 1.23 billion (revised from
1.29 billion) in January, the Statistics Bureau said.
    This compared with an 897 mln dlr shortfall a year earlier.
    February merchandise trade recorded a 42 mln dlr surplus
against a 246 mln shortfall (revised from 287 mln) in January
and a 162 mln deficit in February 1986.
    The current account deficit fell at the lower end of the
range of forecasts of 700 mln to one billion dlrs made by
market economists yesterday.
    February FOB exports rose to 2.82 billion dlrs from 2.74
billion (revised from 2.72 billion) in January and 2.54 billion
a year earlier while FOB imports fell to 2.77 billion from 2.99
billion (revised from 3.01 billion) against 2.70 billion a year
earlier, the Bureau said.
    It said a four pct decline in rural exports, despite an 11
pct rise in wheat exports, was more than offset by a seven pct
rise in non-rural exports, notably minerals and fuels.
    On the import side, the main decreases were falls of 17 pct
in machinery and transport equipment and 21 pct in fuels, the
Bureau said.
    The net services deficit narrowed to 146 mln dlrs from 253
mln (revised from 268 mln) in January and 192 mln a year
earlier, the Bureau said.
    This made a sharply lower deficit of 104 mln dlrs on the
balance of goods and services against deficits of 499 mln in
January and 354 mln a year earlier.
    Deficit on net income and unrequited transfers was 646 mln
dlrs against 736 mln in January and 543 mln a year earlier.
    Official capital transactions in February showed a surplus
of 786 mln dlrs against a 2.56 billion surplus in January and a
505 mln surplus a year earlier.
    Non-official capital and balancing item showed a 36 mln dlr
deficit against a 1.33 billion deficit in January and a 392 mln
surplus in February 1986, the Bureau said.
    The cumulative current account deficit for the first eight
months of fiscal 1986/87 ending June 30 widened to 9.37 billion
dlrs from 9.32 billion a year earlier.
    The cumulative trade deficit narrowed to 2.09 billion dlrs
from 2.21 billion and the services deficit to 2.25 billion from
2.75 billion but the transfers deficit widened to 5.03 billion
from 4.36 billion. The cumulative official capital surplus
narrowed to 2.90 billion dlrs from 3.86 billion.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5779>
The Australian dollar rose more than 40
points and money market interest rates retreated on the better
than expected improvement in the February current account
deficit, but economists and dealers were cautious about
identifying it as the start of a downward trend.
    The current account deficit narrowed to 750 mln dlrs in
February from 1.23 billion in January. It hit 13.82 billion
dlrs in 1985/86 to end-June.
    The currency jumped to 0.6858/63 U.S. Dlrs and traded as
high as 0.6875 before retreating to around 0.6864/69.
    "It's got 69 cents written all over it," one dealer said.
    Foreign exchange dealers said some buyers had gone long on
the dollar expecting a lower figure and sold it down about 30
points to 0.6820 U.S. Dlrs before the release.
    The 750 mln dlr deficit was at the lower end of forecasts
and analysts said the market would welcome any figure below one
billion dlrs for March.
    Banque National de Paris &lt;BNPP.A> senior dealer Peter
Nicolls cautioned that in the long term the currency and
interest rates were too high for import substitution and export
industries.
    Nicolls said he expected the dollar to go as high as 0.6875
and perhaps to 69 cents tomorrow.
    &lt;Lloyds Bank NZA Ltd> chief economist Will Buttrose said
the 42 mln dlr trade surplus was encouraging as were imports at
2.77 billion dlrs, down from 2.99 billion in January.
    But he warned that the outlook for rural and iron and coal
exports remained poor. "We should remember we are paying
something like seven to eight billion dollars simply to service
our foreign debt and that is not going to go away in the near
term," Buttrose said.
    Buttrose said he expected a March deficit of around 900 mln
dlrs, and added "Any figure under a billion dollars will be
acceptable (to the markets)."
    ANZ Banking Group Ltd &lt;ANZA.S> senior economist Ian Little
said the big question was whether the improvement in exports
could be sustained. February FOB exports rose to 2.82 billion
dlrs from a revised 2.74 billion in January.
    Interest rates responded quickly to the deficit news, with
90-day bank bill yields falling to 16.42-16.45 pct from early
highs of 16.50 and yields yesterday as high as 16.65.
    Longer term yields fell with 10-year bonds at 13.66/68 pct
from 13.74 before the release and highs of 13.87 yesterday.
    The stock market was easier at midsession but brokers said
the current account data had little impact on trading.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5785>
Taiwan's balance of payments surplus
widened to a record 16.62 billion U.S. Dlrs in calendar 1986
from 9.35 billion in 1985, the central bank said.
    A bank official attributed the increase mainly to Taiwan's
growing trade surplus, which increased to a record 16.8 billion
U.S. Dlrs in 1986 from 11.2 billion in 1985.
    He said the deficit on invisible trade narrowed to 740 mln
U.S. Dlrs from 1.97 billion.
    Invisible earnings rose to 6.77 billion from 5.09 billion
while invisible spending climbed to 7.51 billion from 7.06
billion, he said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5786>
The European Community (EC) yesterday
warned Japan and the United States, its main trading partners,
that friction over trade issues is affecting the EC's relations
with both countries.
    EC foreign ministers issued a statement deploring Japan's
continued trade imbalance and appealed for the country to make
a greater effort to open up its markets. They also said they
were disturbed by a draft bill before the U.S. Congress that
would impose permanent quotas on textile imports and were
prepared to react. The U.S. Administration has already
distanced itself from the bill.
    EC External Trade Commissioner Willy De Clercq has written
to his U.S. Counterpart, Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter,
outlining the EC's concerns.
    The statement said ministers were very disturbed by U.S.
Moves towards protectionism. "The adoption of such measures
would not fail to have a negative effect on the process of
multilateral negotiations just started, as well as on bilateral
relations," it said.
    Any unilateral U.S. Moves would leave the EC no option but
to react according to the laws of the General Agreement on
Tariffs and Trade, it said.
    In a separate statement on Japan, the EC ministers said
they "deplore the continued aggravation of the imbalance in
trade (and) expect Japan to open up its market more."
    The statement said the EC would continue to insist that
Japan boost imports and stimulate domestic demand.
    Ministers also called on the EC Commission to prepare a
report on U.S.-Japanese trade for July this year to enable them
to take appropriate action where necessary.
    One diplomat said the call for a report showed ministers
were determined not to let the Japanese question drop. "It will
be back on the table again and again," the diplomat said.
    De Clercq, talking to journalists during the meeting, said,
"There is a certain nervousness, a growing impatience within the
Community concerning trade relations with Japan."
    The EC is not satisfied with Japan's inability to cut its
trade surplus, and the Commission has adopted a tough approach
on imports of goods such as Japanese photocopiers, where it has
imposed 20 pct anti-dumping duties.
    But diplomats said the EC is keen to negotiate with Tokyo
to solve the problem rather than embark on a costly and
damaging trade war, and the ministers called for more
cooperation with Japan in industry and research.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5842>
France's current account payments surplus
slipped to a provisional 300 mln francs, seasonally adjusted,
in January from a downward revised surplus of 3.8 billion in
December, the Finance Ministry said.
    The December figure was revised from a provisional 4.8
billion franc surplus reported a month ago.
    On an unadjusted basis, January payments showed a 5.2
billion franc deficit after a revised 7.1 billion December
surplus. The December unadjusted surplus was revised down from
a provisional 8.2 billion.
    The Ministry said trade, measured on balance of payments
criteria, showed an unadjusted 7.1 billion franc January
deficit while services showed a 3.7 billion surplus.
    Other items, mainly including unilateral transfers, showed
a 1.8 billion deficit.
    The current account showed an adjusted surplus of 6.1
billion francs in January last year, and an unadjusted deficit
of one billion.
    The full year 1986 current account surplus was reported
last month at 25.8 billion francs.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5941>
The U.S. current account deficit
widened to a record 36.84 billion dlrs on a balance of payments
basis in the October-December fourth quarter of 1986 from a
revised 35.29 billion dlrs in the third quarter, the Commerce
Department said.
    Previously, the department said the third-quarter deficit
was 36.28 billion dlrs.
    For the full year 1986, the current account, a broad
measure of trade performance, was in deficit a record 140.57
billion dlrs after a 117.68 billion dlr deficit in 1985.
    The department said an increase in the merchandise trade
deficit during the fourth quarter to 38.4 billion dlrs from
37.1 billion dlrs in the third quarter was the main reason for
the worsening deficit.
    Net service receipts declined to 5.5 billion dlrs in the
final quarter from six billion dlrs in the third quarter.
    The current account includes trade in merchandise and
services as well as U.S. financial transactions with the rest
of the world.
    The department said the merchandise trade deficit for all
of 1986 grew to 147.7 billion from 124.4 billion dlrs in 1985.
    Net service receipts were 22.3 billion dlrs in 1986,
compared with 21.7 billion dlrs in 1985, the department said.
    Net unilateral transfers during the fourth quarter last
year, covering foreign aid and government pensions, were down
to 3.9 billion dlrs from 4.2 billion dlrs in the third quarter
because of fewer U.S. government grants to Mideast countries.
    Liabilities to foreigners reported by U.S. banks rose 35.3
billion dlrs between October and December after increasing 30.1
billion dlrs in the third quarter.
    For the full year, these liabilities grew 77.4 billion dlrs
after rising by 40.4 billion dlrs in 1985.
    The department said inflows were boosted in the fourth
quarter by international activities of Japanese banks and
strong demand within the United States to finance acquisitions.
    Net foreign sales of U.S. Treasury securities by foreigners
were 2.7 billion dlrs in the quarter after purchases of 500 mln
dlrs in the third quarter.
    Net foreign purchases of securities other than U.S.
Treasury securities in the fourth quarter were 11.8 billion
dlrs, compared with 17.2 billion dlrs in the third quarter.
    For all 1986, foreign purchases of securities excluding
U.S. Treasury securities were a record 70.7 billion dlrs,
surpassing the previous record 50.9 billion dlr total in 1985.
   Claims on foreigners reported by U.S. banks in the fourth
quarter rose 29.9 billion dlrs after a 19.3 billion dlr
third-quarter increase.
    U.S. sales of foreign securities rose to 2.7 billion dlrs
from 300 mln dlrs in the third quarter because of a sharp
selloff of foreign stocks and bonds, the department said.
    Outflows for U.S. direct investment abroad fell to 5.7
billion dlrs from eight billion dlrs in the third quarter.
    Foreign direct investment in the United States increased
14.4 billion dlrs in the fourth quarter, compared with 5.6
billion dlrs in the previous quarter, because of stepped-up
acquisitions, the department said.
    Foreign official assets in the United States increased 800
mln dlrs between October and December after rising 15.4 billion
dlrs in the third quarter.
    For the full year 1986, foreign official assets grew 33.4
billion dlrs after a 1985 decrease of 1.9 billion dlrs as
foreign monetary authorities intervened heavily in exchange
markets late in the year as the dollar fell, commerce said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6037>
Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel
Lawson, presenting his budget for fiscal 1987/88 to parliament,
said U.K. Economic growth was forecast at three pct in calendar
1987.
    He said the Treasury expected a current account balance of
payments deficit in 1987 of 2.5 billion stg, after a 1.1
billion shortfall in 1986. Inflation is expected to be 4.0 pct
at the end of 1987, he said, adding it may exceed 4.5 pct by
the summer before falling back to 4.0 pct by the end of the
year.
    The planned PSBR for 1987/88 was 4.0 billion stg unchanged
when compared with the likely outturn for fiscal 1986/87,
Lawson said.
    Although no explicit target was set for the broad sterling
M3 money supply, Lawson said broad money will continue to be
taken into account in assessing monetary conditions as well as
the exchange rate.
    The low outturn of the PSBR in 1986/87 was mainly due to
the buoyancy of non-oil tax revenues in general, and the
corporation tax paid by an increasingly profitable business
sector in particular.
    On oil prices, Lawson said he was sticking to his earlier
assumption that North Sea crude prices will average 15 dlrs per
barrel in calendar 1987. The treasury would strive to keep the
PSBR at 1.0 pct of GDP in future, he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6156>
Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel
Lawson's Budget speech was described as sound and well balanced
by analysts, if slightly lacking in excitement.
    A cut in bank base lending rates is now widely expected
tomorrow, with most forecasts predicting a half-point fall. A
follow-up half-point cut is anticipated next week.
    "Worthy but boring would probably sum it up," Peter Fellner,
U.K. Economist at stockbrokers James Capel and Co, said. "It was
a very, very prudent fiscal budget."
    Richard Jeffrey of brokers Hoare Govett said it was a
well-balanced budget within the confines of the government's
philosophy of keeping expenditure levels flat.
    Most analysts said the Budget was very sound on the fiscal
side, but offered nothing new on monetary policy.
    As was widely expected, Lawson split his "fiscal adjustment"
between trimming the 1987/88 PSBR target to 4.0 billion stg
from 7.1 billion and cutting basic rate income tax from 29 to
27 pct.
    The target for the narrow measure of money supply, M0, was
kept unchangd at two to six pct, while the target for the broad
Sterling M3 aggregate was dropped.
    Both Jeffrey and Fellner said the budget clears the way for
a half-point fall in U.K. Base rates tomorrow, but the
authorities are unlikely to sanction a larger cut immediately.
Many analysts and currency dealers have forecast a full
one-point cut tomorrow.
    "The Bank of England will be loathe to take any action which
it will have to reverse later," Jeffrey said, though he added a
further half-point cut was quite possible in the near future.
    The main worry from today's speech is the outlook for
inflation, given the signs of relaxed monetary policy contained
in it, Scrimgeour Vickers economist Richard Holt said.
    Holt noted the "rather loose" inflation forecast of 4.0 pct
at end-1987, and said the lower interest rates likely to result
from the tough fiscal stance could cause longer term concern.
    "A higher PSBR target could be preferable in the long term,"
he said, although lower mortgage interest rates on the back of
falling base rates would have an offsetting impact on
inflation.
    The Budget will inspire a lot of short-term confidence but
it was "not a good budget for inflation," he said
    Jeffrey said he would have liked Lawson to say more about
the dangers of excessive liquidity build-up but overall was not
too concerned about a revival of inflation.
    Fellner noted that the exchange rate was to remain the
"leading edge" of monetary policy, but said the authorities were
likely to be extremely cautious on this front.
    He said they were unlikely to hesitate in holding interest
rates steady or even raising them again if sterling showed any
signs of excessive weakness.
    Most analysts agreed Lawson had bolstered the credibility
of the Budget by adopting realistic forecasts.
    Raising the forecast for the current account deficit from
1.5 to 2.5 billion stg for 1987 would not unsettle the markets,
which are already discounting that amount, Jeffrey said.
that the 4.0 billion stg PSBR target was given credibility by
the favourable outturn for 1986/87, which is now also forecast
to be 4.0 billion stg.
    But analysts said the Budget speech did not give any
clear-cut indication about the timing of the general election,
which has to be held before June, 1988.
    Some believe it signals a poll this June, noting that the
benefits, such as income tax cuts and the decision not to raise
duties on alcohol and tobacco, become available immediately.
    But others said it kept several options open and it was not
possible to deduce too much from it.
    James Capel's Fellner noted that by being fiscally prudent,
Lawson had kept open the possibility of an autumn election in
that there would be no "chickens coming home to roost."
    Richard Jeffrey, who favours the likelihood of a June
election, said it was important the Chancellor had not gone for
a Budget aimed overtly at buying an election victory.
    Nevertheless, he said, it was likely to result in a boost
to the Conservative Party's pre-election popularity.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6406>
New Zealand's inflation and interest
rates should decline and the balance of payments improve
significantly in the fiscal year to the end of March 1988, the
Institute of Economic Research (NZIER) said.
    The independent institute said in its quarterly March issue
that it was also revising its fiscal 1987 real gross domestic
product (GDP) forecast to a fall of 0.5 pct against the one pct
drop forecast in December.
    Government figures show GDP grew at an annual 1.8 pct in
the quarter to September and 3.4 pct in the June quarter.
    The NZIER said the sharp improvement in the June and
September quarters was due mainly to a new tax structure and
the introduction of a 10 pct value-added goods and services tax
and is not expected to continue in the second half of 1986/87.
    The government's tight fiscal position is not expected to
change, it said.
    Annual inflation, measured by the consumer price index, is
forecast to fall to nine pct by next March from 18.2 pct in
calendar 1986, it said.
    "Falling inflation is likely to give significant scope for
reductions in nominal interest rates; real interest rates are
also expected to ease (albeit slightly) as the balance of
payments deficit and hence the call on overseas capital, falls
away," the NZIER said.
    Short-term interest rates are forecast to remain between 20
and 25 pct until the June quarter, but will decline over the
second half of 1987/88 to between 16 and 18 pct. Long-term
rates are expected to fall to between 14 and 16 pct.
    Five year government bond rates are currently 18.40 pct and
the key indicator 30-day bank bills 26.53 pct.
    The local dollar is expected to depreciate steadily in the
early part of the coming year and, by next March, reach 57.5 on
the Reserve Bank's trade weighted index, which is based on a
basket of currencies. The index now stands at around 66.4.
    "A marked improvement in the balance of payments is
forecast," the NZIER said. "The current account deficit is
expected to fall from 7.5 pct of GDP in 1985/86 to 4.5 pct in
1986/87 and 2.5 pct in 1987/88."
    The current account deficit is forecast to shrink to 1.32
billion N.Z. Dlrs in 1987/88 from 2.40 billion in 1986/87 and
3.33 billion in 1985/86.
    The 1987/88 budget deficit is forecast to be 2.8 billion
dlrs against an expected 2.9 billion dlrs in 1986/87 and 1.87
billion in 1985/86.
    This compares with the government's 1986/87 deficit figure
of 2.92 billion against an earlier forecast of 2.45 billion.
    "Conditions in the coming year are sufficiently subdued to
contribute to marked improvements in both the balance of
payments and the rate of inflation ...," the NZIER said.
    "Overall, these are significant gains for the New Zealand
economy and, if they continue to be improved upon, bode well
for future prospects."
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6464>
Thailand's trade deficit widened to an
estimated 4.7 billion baht in February from 2.1 billion in
January and 2.8 billion a year ago, the Bank of Thailand said.
    Exports fell to around 18.9 billion baht from 20.4 billion
in January compared with 17.4 billion a year ago, the bank
said.
    Imports rose to 23.6 billion baht from 22.5 billion in
January. They were 20.2 billion in February 1986.
    The bank said the trade deficit for the two months widened
to an estimated 6.8 billion baht from 5.2 billion a year ago.
    February's current account showed a 1.2 billion baht
deficit compared with 1.7 billion in January and 263 mln a year
ago.
    The current account for the two months posted an estimated
500 mln baht surplus, down from 1.2 billion a year ago.
    A surplus in the country's balance of payments narrowed to
3.2 billion baht in February from 4.6 billion the previous
month but was higher than 1.5 billion a year ago.
    The bank said the balance of payments surplus for the first
two months of 1987 widened to 7.8 billion baht from 4.6 billion
from the same period in 1986, while the net capital inflow rose
to five billion baht from 3.1 billion.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6596>
Peru registered a 16 mln dlr trade deficit
in 1986, its first trade shortfall in four years, a central
bank statement said.
    The figure compared with a surpluses of 1.17 billion dlrs
in 1985, 1.01 billion in 1984 and 293 mln in 1983. The last
trade deficit was a 428 mln shortfall in 1982.
    Peru's exports fell to 2.51 billion dlrs last year from
2.98 billion in 1985. Last year's imports were 2.53 billion
dlrs against 1.81 billion dlrs in 1985.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6637>
Peru registered a 16 mln dlr trade deficit
in 1986, its first trade shortfall in four years, a central
bank statement said.
    The figure compared with a surpluses of 1.17 billion dlrs
in 1985, 1.01 billion in 1984 and 293 mln in 1983. The last
trade deficit was a 428 mln shortfall in 1982.
    Peru's exports fell to 2.51 billion dlrs last year from
2.98 billion in 1985. Last year's imports were 2.53 billion
dlrs against 1.81 billion dlrs in 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6954>
Indonesia cannot spend its way out of
recession and has very limited economic options due to lower
world oil prices, Central Bank governor Arifin Siregar was
quoted as saying by the official Antara news agency.
    "If Indonesia spurs its economic growth too much, such as
through expansionary monetary and budgetary policies, it might
create negative effects not only on price increases, but also
on the balance of payments," he told bankers and businessmen in
the North Sumatran city of Medan.
    Antara quoted him as saying Indonesia is relying on its
export drive to help narrow its trade deficit.
    Antara reported that Siregar said the government wanted to
help boost exports from the rubber and palm oil industries,
which are centered in Sumatra.
    "I see Sumatra has great potential, as in the plantation
sector in which family units are employed in great number," he
said, according to the agency.
    Indonesia relied on oil and gas exports for 70 pct of its
export revenue until last year's fall in crude prices.
    It has projected its current account deficit will widen to
over four billion dlrs in the current financial year ending
March 31 from 1.8 billion in 1985/86.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6959>
The strong contribution of exports to
the growth in Australia's gross domestic product (GDP) in the
fourth quarter of 1986 was a significant and welcome feature of
the data, private economists polled by Reuters said.
    Real GDP rose 1.1 pct in the fourth quarter of 1986, after
rising 0.2 pct in the third quarter and falling 1.1 pct a year
earlier.
    Equally significant was the decline in both private and
government spending, they said.
    Exports of goods and services rose 13 pct in the fourth
quarter, while imports rose only 2.9 pct, Statistics Bureau
figures show. Consumer spending declined 0.6 pct and government
spending by 0.2.
    Bob Edgar of the Australia and New Zealand Banking Group
Ltd said the government's aim of reducing the current account
deficit by boosting exports and lowering consumption to cut
imports appeared to be working.
    However, he cautioned that care must be taken to keep
growth restrained because if it accelerated too fast imports
would increase and worsen the balance of payments.
    Andre Morony of Bankers Trust Australia Ltd added the
result was positive because growth was export-driven.
    But he said the GDP rise came as no surprise given the
growth in exports disclosed in other statistics.
    The economists' comments were echoed by Treasurer Paul
Keating in a statement issued in Canberra.
    Keating said the figures showed encouraging trends for a
reduction in the current account deficit, notably the decline
in domestic demand and the strong increase in exports.
    A further 3.5 pct fall in the terms of trade in the quarter
underscored the need to continue restraint in wages, prices and
public sector spending and borrowing to improve Australia's
competitiveness, he said.
    "It is clear that through the continued application of that
strategy Australia will make the necessary adjustments in its
external accounts and return to a more sustainable growth
pattern," he added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7047>
Italy's overall balance of payments showed
a surplus of 1,461 billion lire in February 1987 compared with
a deficit of 1,145 billion in January, provisional Bank of
Italy figures show.
    The February surplus compared with a deficit of 1,578
billion lire in the same month for 1986.
    For the first two months of 1987, the balance of payments
showed a surplus of 302 billion lire against a deficit of 4,622
billion in the same 1986 period.
    The Bank of Italy said the cumulative balance for the first
two months of 1987 does not match the total calculated on the
individual monthly figures because of the provisional nature of
certain data.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7537>
Federal Reserve Board
Chairman Paul Volcker said the U.S. Trade deficit is a
challenge for the U.S. Equal to the Soviet Union launching of
Sputnik.
    "The international challenge implicit in our huge trade
deficit has become the 1980s equivalent to the launch of
Sputnik by the Russians in the 1950s, when we suddenly feared
we were to be left in the wake of Soviet technological
achievement," he said in an address to Florida educators.
     He said the trade problem underscored the need to reform
the U.S. Educational system to improve economic performance.
    The Commerce Department reported last week that the
nation's trade gap, calculated on a balance-of-payments basis,
swelled to a record 38.37 billion dlrs in the fourth quarter,
bringing the 1986 deficit to a record 147.71 billion dlrs.
    Volcker called on educators to stress the development of
basic reading, writing and mathematics skills and urged them to
help students adapt to the fast-changing economic climate.
    Volcker said the challenge was greatest in the education of
low-income minority groups such as blacks and Hispanics.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7543>
South Korea's current account surplus
narrowed to 419 mln dlrs in February from 679 mln in January
compared with a deficit of 112 mln dlrs in February last year,
provisional Bank of Korea figures show.
    The current account in the two months of January and
February swung to a surplus of 1.1 billion dlrs from a deficit
of 494 mln dlrs in the same 1986 period.
    The February trade surplus narrowed to 235 mln dlrs from
582 mln in January compared with a deficit of 98 mln dlrs a
year ago.
    The overall balance of payments surplus rose to 840 mln
dlrs in February from 716 mln in January and 76 mln in February
1986.
    Exports were 2.86 billion dlrs in February against 2.83
billion in January and 2.23 billion in February last year.
Imports were 2.63 billion against 2.25 billion and 2.32
billion.
    The February invisible trade surplus rose to 109 mln dlrs
from 24 mln in January and compared with a deficit of 74 mln a
year ago.
    The transfer payments surplus widened to 75 mln dlrs in
February from 73 mln in January and 60 mln a year ago.
    The long-term capital account surplus was 198 mln dlrs in
February against 211 mln in January and 55 mln in February last
year. The short-term capital account surplus was 87 mln dlrs
against 46 mln and 158 mln.
    The errors and omissions account left a surplus of 840 mln
dlrs in February against deficits of 220 mln in January and 25
mln in February 1986.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7633>
Federal Reserve Board
Chairman Paul Volcker said the U.S. Trade deficit is a
challenge for the U.S. Equal to the Soviet Union launching of
Sputnik.
    "The international challenge implicit in our huge trade
deficit has become the 1980s equivalent to the launch of
Sputnik by the Russians in the 1950s, when we suddenly feared
we were to be left in the wake of Soviet technological
achievement," he said in an address to Florida educators.
     He said the trade problem underscored the need to reform
the U.S. Educational system to improve economic performance.
    The Commerce Department reported last week that the
nation's trade gap, calculated on a balance-of-payments basis,
swelled to a record 38.37 billion dlrs in the fourth quarter,
bringing the 1986 deficit to a record 147.71 billion dlrs.
    Volcker called on educators to stress the development of
basic reading, writing and mathematics skills and urged them to
help students adapt to the fast-changing economic climate.
    Volcker said the challenge was greatest in the education of
low-income minority groups such as blacks and Hispanics.
           
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7662>
Australian Treasurer Paul Keating said
he expects the country's 1986/87 current account deficit to be
one billion dlrs lower than the 14.7 billion forecast in the
August budget. Keating told a financiers' dinner that
February's 750 mln dlr deficit, against January's 1.23 billion,
was "in the groove" of the government's expectations.
    "We will probably bring the current account this year under
14 billion, I think, which will probably be about a billion
dollars less than we forecast in the budget," Keating said. "I am
sure we will see a lower current account deficit for next year
... And a fall as proportion of GDP."
    Australia posted a 13.82 billion dlr current account
deficit in 1985/86 and Keating said the latest monthly figures
showed an encouraging trend.
    Keating said the government would maintain responsible
economic management regardless of whether it was drawn into an
election, because it would take time to stabilise Australia's
80 billion dlr foreign debt.
    "We have to build the import competing sector back," he said.
"We are now trying to rebuild our capital structure. We are
trying to rebuild the culture of productivity and
manufacturing."
    Keating said the foundation for a transition of the economy
had been laid with the floating of the Australian dollar and
continued with wage restraint and deregulation.
    The Government would follow with spending cuts in its
economic statement on May 14, he said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8174>
Denmark's balance of payments on
current account was provisionally put at zero in February,
against a 181 mln crown surplus in January and a 1.5 billion
deficit in February 1986, the National Statistics Office said.
    Exports rose to 13.94 billion crowns in February from 12.53
billion in January, against 14.16 billion in February last
year. February imports rose to 13.94 billion from 12.35 billion
in January, against 15.67 billion in February 1986.
    The February figure provisionally gives a trade surplus for
1987 of 180 mln crowns, against a 3.04 billion deficit in the
same 1986 period.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9143>
Bangladesh recorded an overall balance of
payments deficit of 8.3 mln U.S. Dlrs in October against a
10.33 mln deficit in September and a 6.67 mln surplus in
October 1985, Central Bank officials said.
    The country's current account deficit narrowed to 10.69 mln
dlrs in October from 79 mln in September and 11.75 mln in
October 1985.
    The October trade deficit narrowed to 36.36 mln dlrs from
160 mln in September and 83.79 mln in October 1985.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9729>
The Federal Statistics Office will
today publish trade and current account figures for February, a
spokeswoman said in reply to queries.
    In January the current account surplus provisionally
narrowed to 4.9 billion marks from 8.5 billion in December. The
provisional January trade surplus narrowed to 7.2 billion marks
from a record 11.6 billion marks the month before.
    In February 1986 the current account had shown a 6.85
billion mark surplus and the trade account a 6.84 billion
surplus.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9749>
West Germany's current account
surplus widened to a provisional 6.6 billion marks in February
from a slightly downwards revised 4.8 billion in January, a
spokeswoman for the Federal Statistics Office said.
    The trade surplus in February widened to a provisional 10.4
billion marks from 7.2 billion in January, she added.
    The Statistics Office had originally put the January
current account surplus at 4.9 billion marks.
    The February trade surplus was well up on the 6.84 billion
mark surplus posted in the same month of 1986. But the current
account surplus was down slightly from the 6.85 billion surplus
recorded in February 1986.
    A Statistics Office statement said the widening of the
February current account surplus compared with January was due
to seasonal factors. Neither the trade nor current account
figures are seasonally adjusted.
    February imports, measured in terms of value, totalled
32.11 billion marks, a decline of 10 pct against February 1986
but a rise of 5.5 pct against January.
    Exports in February, also in value terms, totalled 42.56
billion marks, 0.5 pct less than in February 1986 but up 13 pct
compared with January.
    The Statistics Office said it was not yet able to calculate
the real change in exports and imports in February. But for
comparison purposes it noted that in January the average value
of imports had fallen 15 pct year-on-year while the average
value of exports had declined by only 4.4 pct.
    Within the current account, the services account had 300
mln marks deficit, supplementary trade items a 200 mln mark
surplus while transfer payments posted a 3.7 billion mark
deficit.
    Taking the first two months of 1987 together, imports in
value terms fell 14 pct to 62.6 billion marks compared with a
year earlier. The value of exports totalled 80.2 billion marks,
a decline of 7.4 pct against the same months of 1986.
    The resulting trade surplus of 17.6 billion marks for
January/February compares with a cumulative surplus of 14.1
billion marks in the year-ago period.
    The cumulative current account surplus for January and
February 1987 totalled 11.3 billion marks against 11.4 billion
marks a year earlier, the Statistics Office said.
    Bank economists said the rise in the February trade surplus
reflected an improvement in the terms of trade as well as
seasonal factors. The Federal Statistics Office said earlier
this week that February import prices fell 0.7 pct against
January while export prices were unchanged.
    "The rise in the nominal figures masks a lower export trend
that is not expected to change for several months at least,"
said an economist. He said the nominal trade surplus for 1987
as a whole is likely to fall only slightly from the record
112.2 billion marks in 1986 but other economists said the
surplus could fall to around 80 billion marks.
    An economist at the Bank fuer Gemeinwirtschaft (BfG) in
Frankfurt said a two-month comparison of trade figures gave a
more accurate picture of West Germany's trade position.
    He noted the 17.6 billion mark surplus for January and
February together was lower than the 21.6 billion mark surplus
posted in November and December.
    "The trend is clearly lower," he said.
    This economist, who declined to be named, said the February
rise was also partly explained by special factors in January,
when there had been a number of public holidays as well as
extremely cold weather, both of which hindered trade.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9770>
Britain's visible trade deficit narrowed
to a seasonally adjusted provisional 224 mln stg in February
from 527 mln in January, The Trade and Industry Department
said.
    The current account balance of payments in February showed
a seasonally adjusted provisional surplus of 376 mln stg
compared with a surplus of 73 mln in January.
    Invisibles in February were put provisionally at a 600 mln
surplus, the same as in January.
    Seasonally adjusted, imports rose in February to 7.16
billion stg from 6.73 billion in January. Exports rose to a
record 6.93 billion last month from 6.20 billion in January.
    Trade Department officials said the improvement in
Britain's current account contrasted with most private
forecasts and they attributed much of the strength to imports
rising less quickly in February than might otherwise have been
expected.
    The Department said exceptionally cold weather in January
reduced exports that month and that there had been an element
of catching up in the February figures.
    The seasonally adjusted volume index, base 1980, a guide to
underlying non-oil trade, showed exports rising to 131.0 from
114.6 in January and imports rising to 142.2 from 136.5.
    The value of British oil exports in February rose to 751
mln stg from 723 mln in Jnauary while oil imports rose to 425
mln from 352 mln.
    The Department said the upward trend in non-oil export
volume continues and the underlying level of non-oil import
volume seems to have stablised.
    The Departnment said exports to the U.S. May be benefiting
from fluctuations in the mark and yen exchange rates.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9784>
The release of U.K. February trade data
showing that the current account surplus was a provisional 376
mln stg, up from a 73 mln surplus in January, has boosted hopes
of an early cut in interest rates, analysts said.
    Market forecasts had been for a worse outcome, with
expectations of a deficit in visible trade averaging about 750
mln stg, against the official figure of 224 mln stg, sharply
narrower than January's 527 mln deficit.
    "The figures are unreservedly good," Chase Manhattan
Securities economist Andrew Wroblewski said.
    Sterling rebounded on the trade figures, reversing a weaker
morning trend, to stand at 72.1 pct of its trade weighted index
against a basket of currencies at midday, unchanged from
yesterday's close but 0.3 points above the 1100 GMT level.
    The market had feared that a deteriorating non-oil trade
pattern would undermine international support for sterling,
which has been the motor behind the recent fall in U.K.
Interest rates. Money market sources said the market had begun
to doubt that a widely expected drop in bank base lending rates
to 9.5 pct from the present 10.0 pct was really on the cards.
    But sentiment now looks to have turned about again.
    There now looks to be no danger that the Chancellor of the
Exchequer Nigel Lawson's forecast of a 1987 current account
deficit of 2.5 billion stg will be exceeded, Wroblewski said.
    Seasonally adjusted figures showed imports rose in February
to 7.16 billion stg from 6.73 billion in January.
    Exports rose to a record 6.93 billion from 6.20 billion.
    However, Chris Tinker, U.K. Analyst at brokers Phillips and
Drew said the faster rise in exports than imports would prove
partly aberrational in coming months. He forecast the
Chancellor's Budget tax cuts would increase consumer
expenditure on imported goods.
    However, Warburg Securities economist Ian Harwood said his
firm was sharply revising its 1987 current account deficit
forecast in the light of the latest data, cutting one billion
stg off the expected full year total to about 1.75 billion stg.
    He said news of strong growth in exports of non-oil goods
confirmed recent bullish surveys among members of the
Confederation of British Industry.
    The growth in imports appears to be flattening, even if
January's bad weather had curbed consumer spending on overseas
goods and import-intensive stock building among manufacturers,
Harwood said.
    U.K. Government bonds, or gilts, surged by more than 1/2
point on the better-than-expected news, as earlier worries
about the figures evaporated.
    Sterling peaked at a high of 1.6075 dlrs, before settling
to a steady 1.6050 about 1300 GMT, nearly a cent higher than
the European low of 1.5960.
    However, analysts noted that the turnabout in market
sentiment still looks highly vulnerable to political news.
    Morning weakness in sterling and the gilt market was
largely attributed to a newspaper opinion poll showing that the
Conservative government's support was slipping.
    LONDON, March 26 - The Bank of England said it provided 15
mln stg in assistance to the money market this morning, buying
bank bills in band two at 9-13/16 pct.
    Earlier the Bank revised its money market liquidity
forecast from a flat position to a deficit of around 350 mln
stg.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9816>
Treasury Secretary James Baker said
he expected the U.S. Trade deficit to fall by 15 billion to 20
billion dlrs in 1987.
    Commenting on the deficit during an interview on Cable News
Network, Baker said "I think you're going to see a 15 to 20
billion dlr reduction this year." The deficit was 170 billion
dlrs in 1986.
    Baker noted that the benefits of a weaker currency take 12
to 18 months to affect the trade balance, and said it is now 18
months since the Plaza agreement to lower the dollar's value.
            
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9821>
Britain's visible trade deficit narrowed
to a seasonally adjusted provisional 224 mln stg in February
from 527 mln in January, The Trade and Industry Department
said.
    The current account balance of payments in February showed
a seasonally adjusted provisional surplus of 376 mln stg
compared with a surplus of 73 mln in January.
    Invisibles in February were put provisionally at a 600 mln
surplus, the same as in January.
    Seasonally adjusted, imports rose in February to 7.16
billion stg from 6.73 billion in January. Exports rose to a
record 6.93 billion last month from 6.20 billion in January.
    Trade Department officials said the improvement in
Britain's current account contrasted with most private
forecasts and they attributed much of the strength to imports
rising less quickly in February than might otherwise have been
expected.
    The Department said exceptionally cold weather in January
reduced exports that month and that there had been an element
of catching up in the February figures.
    The seasonally adjusted volume index, base 1980, a guide to
underlying non-oil trade, showed exports rising to 131.0 from
114.6 in January and imports rising to 142.2 from 136.5.
    The value of British oil exports in February rose to 751
mln stg from 723 mln in Jnauary while oil imports rose to 425
mln from 352 mln.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9836>
Hong Kong recorded a 3.51 billion
H.K. Dlr deficit in February after a 2.54 billion dlr surplus
in January as imports climbed and exports slid, the Census and
Statistics Department said.
    The deficit compared with a deficit of 1.76 billion dlrs in
February 1986.
    Imports rose to 24.12 billion dlrs, up 2.6 pct from
January's 23.52 billion dlrs and 42 pct above the 16.98 billion
dlrs recorded in February 1986.
    Total exports for the month fell 20.9 pct to 20.61 billion
dlrs from 26.06 billion in January.
    February exports were still 35.4 pct above the 15.22
billion dlrs recorded in the same month last year.
    Re-exports, the territory's traditional entrepot trade,
outpaced domestically produced exports for the first time since
March 1985.
    Re-exports fell 11.6 pct to 10.62 billion dlrs from 12.0
billion dlrs in January but were 54 pct above February 1986's
6.88 billion dlrs. Domestic exports slid 28.9 pct to 9.99
billion dlrs from January's 14.05 billion dlrs but were up 19.7
pct over the 8.35 billion dlrs recorded in February 1986.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9848>
The release of U.K. February trade data
showing that the current account surplus was a provisional 376
mln stg, up from a 73 mln surplus in January, has boosted hopes
of an early cut in interest rates, analysts said.
    Market forecasts had been for a worse outcome, with
expectations of a deficit in visible trade averaging about 750
mln stg, against the official figure of 224 mln stg, sharply
narrower than January's 527 mln deficit.
    "The figures are unreservedly good," Chase Manhattan
Securities economist Andrew Wroblewski said.
    Sterling rebounded on the trade figures, reversing a weaker
morning trend, to stand at 72.1 pct of its trade weighted index
against a basket of currencies at midday, unchanged from
yesterday's close but 0.3 points above the 1100 GMT level.
    The market had feared that a deteriorating non-oil trade
pattern would undermine international support for sterling,
which has been the motor behind the recent fall in U.K.
Interest rates. Money market sources said the market had begun
to doubt that a widely expected drop in bank base lending rates
to 9.5 pct from the present 10.0 pct was really on the cards.
    But sentiment now looks to have turned about again.
    There now looks to be no danger that the Chancellor of the
Exchequer Nigel Lawson's forecast of a 1987 current account
deficit of 2.5 billion stg will be exceeded, said Wroblewski.
    Seasonally adjusted figures showed that imports rose in
February to 7.16 billion stg from 6.73 billion in January.
    Exports rose to a record 6.93 billion from 6.20 billion.
    However, Chris Tinker, U.K. Analyst at brokers Phillips and
Drew said that the faster rise in exports than imports would
prove partly aberrational in coming months. He forecast the
Chancellor's Budget tax cuts would increase consumer expediture
on imported goods.
    However, Ian Harwood, economist at Warburg Securities, said
his firm was sharply revising its 1987 current account deficit
forecast in the light of the latest data, cutting one billion
stg off the expected full year total to about 1.75 billion stg.
    He said news of strong growth in exports of non-oil goods
confirmed recent bullish surveys among members of the
Confederation of British Industry.
    The growth in imports appears to be flattening, even if
January's bad weather had curbed consumer spending on overseas
goods and import-intensive stock building among manufactureres,
Harwood said.
    U.K. Government bonds, or gilts, surged by more than 1/2
point on the better-than-expected news, as earlier worries
about the figures evaporated.
    Sterling peaked at a high of 1.6075 dlrs, before settling
to a steady 1.6050 dlrs about 1300 GMT, nearly a cent higher
than the European low of 1.5960.
    However, analysts noted that the turnabout in market
sentiment still looks highly vulnerable to political news.
    Morning weakness in sterling and the gilt market was
largely attributed to a newspaper opinion poll showing that the
Conservative government's support was slipping.
    The Marplan poll, published in "Today," showed Conservative
support had fallen to 36 pct, from 38 pct last month, while the
Alliance of Liberals and Social Democrats had rallied to 31
pct, from 21 pct, to run neck and neck with the Labour Party,
whose own support fell from 38 pct.
    The poll was taken after the Budget, which was greeted
enthusiastically by financial markets but seems to have left
the voters indifferent, political observers said.
    Another regular poll is due tomorrow, and eonomists warn
that today's improved sentiment could be dented if support for
Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher slips again.
    This upsetting of the markets' political perceptions, which
are all but discounting a Conservative victory in the upcoming
general election, made them more sensitive to the trade data,
Harwood said. "The news did come as a very, very substantial
relief," he said.
    However, on the interest rate front, economists caution
that Lawson might be wary of leaving sterling vulnerable by
encouraging another base rate fall. They noted Lawson had
already got an inflation-reducing cut in mortgage rates in
response to lower base rates, so domestic political reasons for
lower rates have been curtailed.
 REUTER
</BODY>
