<BODY DOCID=5>
The U.S. Agriculture Department
reported the farmer-owned reserve national five-day average
price through February 25 as follows (Dlrs/Bu-Sorghum Cwt) -
         Natl   Loan           Release   Call
         Avge   Rate-X  Level    Price  Price
 Wheat   2.55   2.40       IV     4.65     --
                            V     4.65     --
                           VI     4.45     --
 Corn    1.35   1.92       IV     3.15   3.15
                            V     3.25     --
 X - 1986 Rates.

          Natl   Loan          Release   Call
          Avge   Rate-X  Level   Price  Price
 Oats     1.24   0.99        V    1.65    -- 
 Barley   n.a.   1.56       IV    2.55   2.55
                             V    2.65    -- 
 Sorghum  2.34   3.25-Y     IV    5.36   5.36
                             V    5.54    -- 
    Reserves I, II and III have matured. Level IV reflects
grain entered after Oct 6, 1981 for feedgrain and after July
23, 1981 for wheat. Level V wheat/barley after 5/14/82,
corn/sorghum after 7/1/82. Level VI covers wheat entered after
January 19, 1984.  X-1986 rates. Y-dlrs per CWT (100 lbs).
n.a.-not available.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6>
Argentine grain board figures show
crop registrations of grains, oilseeds and their products to
February 11, in thousands of tonnes, showing those for futurE
shipments month, 1986/87 total and 1985/86 total to February
12, 1986, in brackets:
    Bread wheat prev 1,655.8, Feb 872.0, March 164.6, total
2,692.4 (4,161.0).
    Maize Mar 48.0, total 48.0 (nil).
    Sorghum nil (nil)
    Oilseed export registrations were:
    Sunflowerseed total 15.0 (7.9)
    Soybean May 20.0, total 20.0 (nil)
    The board also detailed export registrations for
subproducts, as follows,
    SUBPRODUCTS
    Wheat prev 39.9, Feb 48.7, March 13.2, Apr 10.0, total
111.8 (82.7) .
    Linseed prev 34.8, Feb 32.9, Mar 6.8, Apr 6.3, total 80.8
(87.4).
    Soybean prev 100.9, Feb 45.1, MAr nil, Apr nil, May 20.0,
total 166.1 (218.5).
    Sunflowerseed prev 48.6, Feb 61.5, Mar 25.1, Apr 14.5,
total 149.8 (145.3).
    Vegetable oil registrations were :         
    Sunoil prev 37.4, Feb 107.3, Mar 24.5, Apr 3.2, May nil,
Jun 10.0, total 182.4 (117.6).                  
    Linoil prev 15.9, Feb 23.6, Mar 20.4, Apr 2.0, total 61.8,
(76.1).                         
    Soybean oil prev 3.7, Feb 21.1, Mar nil, Apr 2.0, May 9.0,
Jun 13.0, Jul 7.0, total 55.8 (33.7).        REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=57>
The Commodity Credit Corporation (CCC)
announced 1.5 mln dlrs in credit guarantees previously
earmarked to cover sales of dry edible beans to Honduras have
been switched to cover sales of white corn, the U.S.
Agriculture Department said.
    The department said the action reduces coverage for sales
of dry edible beans to 500,000 dlrs and creates the new line of
1.5 mln dlrs for sales of white corn.
    All sales under the credit guarantee line must be
registered  and shipped by September 30, 1987, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=97>
The Agricultural Stabilization and
Conservation Service (ASCS) has established these unit values
for commodities offered from government stocks through
redemption of Commodity Credit Corporation commodity
certificates, effective through the next business day.
    Price per bushel is in U.S. dollars. Sorghum is priced per
CWT, corn yellow grade only.
     WHEAT     HRW   HRS    SRW   SWW   DURUM
 Chicago       --    3.04   2.98  --    --
 Ill. Track    --    --     3.16  --    --
 Toledo        --    3.04   2.98  2.90  --
 Memphis       --    --     3.05  --    --
 Peoria        --    --     3.11  --    --
 Denver        2.62  2.63  --    --    --
 Evansville    --    --    2.99  --    --
 Cincinnati    --    --    2.96  --    --
 Minneapolis   2.65  2.71  --    --    3.70
 Baltimore/
 Norf./Phil.   --    --    3.06  2.98  --
 Kansas City   2.87  --    3.17  --    --
 St. Louis     3.03  --    3.03  --    --
 Amarillo/
 Lubbock       2.64  --    --    --    --
               HRW   HRS   SRW   SWW   DURUM
 Lou. Gulf     --    --    3.16  --    --
 Portland/
 Seattle       3.07  3.08  --    3.10  3.70
 Stockton      2.78  --    --    --    --
 L.A.          3.23  --    --    --    4.05
 Duluth        2.65  2.71  --    --    3.70
 Tex. Gulf     3.10  --    3.16  --    --

             CORN  BRLY  OATS  RYE   SOYB  SORG
 Chicago     1.47  --    --    --    4.81  2.49
 Ill. Track  1.49  2.04  --    --    4.85  2.52
 Toledo      1.41  2.04  1.50  --    4.78  2.39
 Memphis     1.59  1.95  1.71  --    4.90  2.86
 Peoria      1.51  ---   --    --    4.80  2.60
 Denver      1.56  1.56  --    --    --    2.54
 Evnsvlle    1.54  2.04  1.50  2.17  4.90  2.61
 Cinci       1.52  2.04  1.50  2.17  4.85  2.58
 Mpls        1.34  1.75  1.50  1.85  4.68  --
 Balt/Nor/
 Phil        1.70  1.80  --    --    4.98  3.12
 KC          1.49  1.56  1.64  --    4.76  2.58
 St Lo       1.54  --    1.66  --    4.90  2.91
 Amarlo/
 Lubbck      1.84  1.40  --    --    4.75  2.92
 Lou Gulf    1.73  --    --    --    5.05  3.12
 Port/
 Seattle     1.87  2.10  1.68  --    --    --
 Stockton    2.18  2.23  2.10  --    --    4.00
 LA          2.54  2.50  --    --    --    4.38
 Duluth      1.34  1.75  1.50  1.85  4.68  --
 Tex Gulf    1.73  1.48  1.73  --    5.05  3.12
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=193>
The U.S. Agriculture Department
probably will not offer a two dlr per bushel bonus payment to
corn farmers for any erodible cropland they enrolled in the
conservation reserve program last year, an aide to USDA
Secretary Richard Lyng said.
    Sen. Charles Grassley (R-Iowa) said yesterday that Lyng had
indicated he would consider giving those farmers the same two
dlr bonus offered corn farmers who are signing up for the 1987
program this month.
    But the aide to Lyng said it was doubtful that the
department would offer a retroactive bonus to farmers who
enrolled land in the 10-year conservation reserve last year.
    "How are you going to stop the tide," he said, referring to
demands that would follow from other commodity groups.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=197>
U.S. farmers who in the past have
grown oats for their own use but failed to certify to the
government that they had done so probably will be allowed to
continue planting that crop and be eligible for corn program
benefits, an aide to Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng said.
    Currently a farmer, to be eligible for corn program
benefits, must restrict his plantings of other program crops to
the acreage base for that crop.
    Several members of Congress from Iowa have complained that
farmers who inadvertantly failed to certify that they had grown
oats for their own use in the past now are being asked to halt
oats production or lose corn program benefits.
    USDA likely will allow historic oats farmers to plant oats
but not extend the exemption to all farmers, Lyng's aide said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=235>
Indonesia"s agriculture sector will grow
by just 1.0 pct in calendar 1987, against an estimated 2.4 pct
in 1986 as the production of some commodities stagnates or
declines, the U.S. Embassy said in a report.
    Production of Indonesia"s staple food, rice, is forecast to
fall to around 26.3 mln tonnes from an embassy estimate of
26.58 mln tonnes in 1986, according to the annual report on
Indonesia"s agricultural performance.
    The government officially estimates 1986 rice production at
26.7 mln tonnes, with a forecast 27.3 mln tonnes output in
1987.
    The report says wheat imports are likely to fall to 1.5 mln
tonnes in calendar 1987 from 1.69 mln tonnes in 1986 because of
a drawdown on stocks.
    "Growth prospects for agriculture in 1987 do not look
promising as rice production is forecast to decline and the
production of sugarcane, rubber and copra show little or no
gain," the report says.
    "The modest overall increase which is expected will be due
to significant gains in production of corn soybeans, palm oil
and palm kernels."
    Constraints to significant overall increases in
agricultural output include a shortage of disease resistant
seeds, limited fertile land, insect pests and a reluctance by
farmers to shift from rice production to other crops, the
report underlines.
    The fall in rice production is caused by an outbreak of
pests known as "wereng" or brown plant hoppers in 1986 which
largely offset gains in yields.
    The outbreak has forced the government to ban the use of 57
insecticides on rice because it was believed the wereng are now
resistant to these varieties, and to use lower-yielding, more
resistant rice types.
    The government is depending on increased production of
export commodities such as coffee, tea, rubber, plywood and
palm oil to offset revenue losses brought on by falling crude
oil prices.
    Palm oil production is expected to increase by over 7.0 pct
in 1987 to 1.45 mln tonnes from 1.35 mln, with exports rising
to an estimated 720,000 tonnes from 695,000 tonnes in 1986, the
report says.
    But while production of soybeans in 1987/88 (Oct-Sept) will
rise to 1.075 mln tonnes from 980,000 in 1986/87, imports will
also rise to supply a new soybean crushing plant.
    The report says that imports of wheat, soybeans, soybean
meal and cotton are not likely to decline as a result of last
September"s 31 pct devaluation of the rupiah because of a rise
in domestic demand.
    The report said that Indonesia"s overall economic
performance in calendar 1986 was about zero or even a slight
negative growth rate, the lowest rate of growth since the
mid-1960s. It compares with 1.9 pct growth in 1985 and 6.7 pct
in 1984.
    The dramatic fall in oil prices last year was responsible
for the slump.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=327>
Dutch animal feed usage in the first
half of the current season from July through December 1986 fell
7.6 pct to 6.5 mln tonnes from 7.1 mln in the same period of
1985, figures in the latest newsletter from the co-operative
Cebeco-Handelsraad show.
    Tapioca usage fell 9.1 pct to 1.4 mln tonnes from 1.6 mln
in the first half of the 1985/86 season.
    Grain usage fell 6.1 pct to 1.1 mln tonnes from 1.2 mln,
while soymeal usage fell 10 pct to 967,000 tonnes from 1.1 mln.
    Cornglutenfeed usage fell 17.8 pct to 729,000 tonnes from
887,000, but cornfeedmeal usage nearly doubled to 399,000
tonnes from 201,000.
    Citruspulp usage dropped 62.8 pct to 149,000 tonnes from
400,000 tonnes, while rapeseed and meal usage rose 9.6 pct to
217,000 tonnes from 198,000 and sunmeal rose 25.6 pct to
216,000 tonnes from 172,000 tonnes.
    During the whole of the season from July 1985 to June 1986,
Dutch soymeal usage fell 12 pct to 1.9 mln tonnes from 2.1 mln
the previous season, while sunmeal usage rose 25 pct to 408,000
tonnes from 325,000.
    Rapeseed and meal usage during the season also rose 14 pct
to 409,000 tonnes from 360,000, but citruspulp fell 37 pct to
516,000 tonnes from 826,000.
    Meanwhile, the value of exports of agricultural products
from the Netherlands in calendar 1986 fell 5.4 pct to 48.7
billion guilders from 51.5 billion in calendar 1985, figures
from the Ministry of Agriculture show.
    During the same period imports of agricultural products
dropped 13.1 pct to 31.2 billion guilders from 35.8 billion.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=395>
The French Cereals Intervention Board,
ONIC, left its estimate of French 1986/87 (July/June) soft
wheat deliveries unchanged from its last forecast at 21.98 mln
tonnes.
    This compared with deliveries of 24.38 mln tonnes in
1985/86 (August/July).
    Estimated 1986/87 maize deliveries were also left unchanged
from ONIC's previous forecast at the beginning of February at
9.91 mln tonnes against 10.77 mln the previous season.
    Barley deliveries were also unchanged at 6.62 mln tonnes
against 7.7 mln in 1985/86.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=501>
French operators last Friday requested
licences to export 10,500 tonnes of free market maize, 11,950
tonnes of free market barley and 13,000 of soft wheat flour to
non-EC countries, at prefixed daily (droit commun) rebates,
French trade sources said.
    The latest requests for the maize were for export to
Switzerland, Austria and Lichtenstein at a maximum daily rebate
prefixed last Friday at 141 Ecus a tonne against a previous 20
Ecu daily rebate.
    The special daily rebate for maize was set in the context
of a Commission commitment to grant this season rebates for the
export of 500,000 tonnes of French maize to non-EC countries,
in compensation for concessions to the U.S. in the recent
dispute over grain sales to Spain.
    If the latest French requests are accepted as expected,
this will bring the total of French maize exported in this
context to 25,500 tonnes.
    The Commission last Thursday granted weekly rebates for the
sale of 15,000 tonnes of free market maize to non-EC countries.
    Requests for barley were for export to Switzerland, Austria
and Lichtenstein, Ceuta and Melilla at an unchanged pre-fixed
restitution of 125 Ecus a tonne, while requests for soft wheat
flour were for export to various non-EC countries at an
unchanged 178 Ecus a tonne.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=516>
The Canadian government is expected
to announce later this week its final ruling whether U.S. corn
exports to Canada have injured Ontario corn growers, U.S.
government and farm group representatives said.
    The deadline for a final determination is March 7.
    U.S. officials said they are encouraged by the outcome in a
similar case covering European pasta imports. In that case,
Canada decided pasta imports, which take about ten pct of the
Canadian market, did not injure domestic producers. U.S. corn
exports represent only about five pct of the Canadian market.
    Canada slapped a 1.05 dlrs per bushel duty on U.S. corn
imports in November 1986, but reduced the duty to 85 cts last
month because the Canadian government said U.S. subsidies to 
corn producers were less than Canada earlier estimated.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=855>
February volume at the Chicago Board of
Trade, CBT, declined 14 pct from the year-ago month to
8,191,266 contracts, the exchange said.
    A relatively steady interest rate climate reduced volume in
the most active contract, Treasury bond futures, by 17.5 pct
from a year ago to 4,307,645 contracts.
    However, trading in most agricultural futures contracts
increased last month, led by oats and corn futures.
    Oats volume tripled to 27,662 contracts, and corn volume
increased 35 pct to 580,204 contracts. Wheat and soybean oil
futures activity also rose from a year ago, while soybean and
soybean oil volume slipped, the exchange said.
    Major Market Index futures increased activity 37 pct during
the month with 194,697 contracts changing hands.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1131>
The upcoming five-month deficiency
payments to corn and sorghum farmers will be made half in cash
and half in generic commodity certificates, a senior
Agriculture Department official told Reuters.
    Around 300 mln dlrs of the in-kind certificates, or
"certs," will be mailed out to farmers around March 15 or 16,
Tom von Garlem, Assistant Deputy Administrator for USDA's state
and county operations, said.
    The decision to make the payments in a 50/50 cash/certs
ratio was made Monday, but payments to producers will be
delayed until mid-month due to a problem with USDA's computer
program, von Garlem said.
get 11.5 cts per bushel in this next payment -- 5.75 cts in
certs and around 5.5 cts cash (5.75 cts minus Gramm-Rudman).
    Farmers who did not receive advance deficiency payments at
signup will receive 63 cts per bushel. Slightly more than half
of this payment will be in cash, von Garlem said, but he said
this will not markedly upset the 50/50 ratio, since most
farmers got advance payments.
    "The final certificate payments will be very close to 300
mln dlrs," he said.
    When asked if the Office of Management and Budget had
resisted the cash/certs ratio, the USDA official said that "we
proposed 50/50 and OMB accepted it."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1215>
Soviet imports of soymeal may reach or
exceed one mln tonnes between January and September this year,
the Oil World newsletter said.
    Oil World said it was likely the Soviet Union would reduce
soybean imports and step up significantly its imports of meal.
    At least 500,000 tonnes of soymeal may be shipped from the
European Community and South America in the January/March
quarter, with additional large quantities likely to be imported
in the April and July quarters from Argentina and Brazil, it
said. No figures were given for imports in the corresponding
periods of 1986.
    The change made sense in view of the recent purchases of
probably 250,000 tonnes of West European and Polish rapeseed
and large scale butter imports that were expected from March
onward, it said.
    Oil World said substantial losses of Soviet winter grain
area due to recent severe frosts were probably behind the
recent pick-up in Soviet purchases of U.S. Corn.
    It noted that an additional one mln tonnes of U.S. Corn had
been bought recently by the Soviet Union.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1273>
The U.S. Agriculture Department said
private U.S. exporters reported sales of 104,000 tonnes of corn
to unknown destinations for shipment in the 1986/87 marketing
year.
    The marketing year for corn began September 1, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1369>
Eligible producers of 1986 crop U.S.
corn and sorghum will receive an estimated 600 mln dlrs in
deficiency payments -- 50 pct in generic commodity certificates
and 50 pct in cash, the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    It said corn producers will receive about 515 mln dlrs and
sorghum producers about 85 mln dlrs.
    Only the cash portion of the payments will be subject to
the 4.3 pct reduction in compliance with the Gramm-Rudman
budget deficit control act of 1985, it said.
    Corn and sorghum producers who requested advance deficiency
payments have already received about 2.8 billion dlrs and 225
mln dlrs, respectively, USDA said.
    The Department said deficiency payment rates of 51.5 cents
per bushel for corn and 49 cents per bushel for sorghum were
received by producers requesting advance payments.
    Deficiency payments are calculated as the difference
between an established target price and the higher of the basic
loan rate, or the national average price received by farmers
during the first five months of the marketing year --
September-January.
    National weighted average market prices for the first five
months of the season were 1.46 dlrs per bushel for corn and
1.33 dlrs per bushel for sorghum. Eligible corn producers will
be paid 63 cts per bushel, based on the difference between the
3.03 target price and the 2.40 dlr per bushel basic loan rate.
    Sorghum producers' deficiency payment rate will be 60 cents
per bushel, based on the difference between the 2.88 dlrs per
bushel target price and the 2.28 dlrs per bushel basic loan
rate.
    The deficiency payment rates for both commodities are the
maximum permitted by law, the department said.
    Eligible corn and sorghum producers will receive another
1986 crop deficiency payment in October if the national average
market prices received by farmers during the entire marketing
year for both commodities are below the basic loan rates, the
department said.
    The payments will be issued through local Agricultural
Stabilization and Conservation Service offices, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1385>
Japanese traders have apparently
sharply reduced commitments to buy Chinese corn over the next
six months due to high prices, the U.S. Agriculture Department
said.
    In its World Production and Trade Report, the department
said traders indicated China may lack supplies or be unwilling
to sell at current low world prices.
    If the reports are confirmed, China's major export
destinations such as USSR, Japan, and South Korea, could
increase purchases of U.S. corn, it said.
    China is currently forecast to export 5.5 mln tonnes of
corn during 1986/87 (Oct-Sept), it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1395>
Taiwan passed on its tender overnight
for 25,000 tonnes of U.S. corn and 49,000 tonnes U.S. sorghum,
private export sources said.
    Taiwan will retender for the corn, for May 15-30 shipment
if via the Gulf, or June 1-15 via Pacific northwest, on March
6, but has not rescheduled a tender for sorghum, they said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1399>
Despite earlier optimistic
indications, the South African corn crop is at a critical stage
in its development and recent reports of heat stress could
reduce production and therefore exportable supplies, the U.S.
Agriculture Department said.
    In its report on Export Markets for U.S. Grains, the
department said South Africa's corn exports in the 1986/87
(Oct-Sept) season are estimated at 2.5 mln tonnes, up 40 pct
from the previous year.
    The re-emergence of South Africa as a competitor follows a
period of severe droughts, which at one point required South
Africa to import 2.7 mln tones of U.S. corn in 1983/84, it
said.
    Since those imports in 1983/84, the U.S. has been facing
increased competition from South Africa in Taiwan and Japan.
    But if South Africa is perceived as lacking available
supplies, purchases of U.S. corn may be further stimulated, the
department said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1582>
Torrential rains throughout
Argentina's grain-producing areas virtually paralysed coarse
grain harvesting in the week to yesterday, trade sources said.
    Sunflower, maize and sorghum harvests were particularly
affected, they said. But the rains proved to be a great aid to
soybean crops as their harvesting will not begin until April or
May.
    The rains did no damage to maize, sunflower and sorghum
crops though fresh rains in similar volume could reduce yields
and cut the total volume of this year's harvest.
    Rainfall measured between 15 and 270 mm in Buenos Aires,
with the heaviest rains in the province's western sectors,
between 15 and 100 mm in Cordoba, 15 and 120 mm in La Pampa, 10
and 75 mm in Santa Fe, 10 and 60 mm in Entre Rios, five and 40
mm in Misiones, and five and 50 mm in San Luis.
    No rain was recorded in Corrientes, Chaco and Formosa.
    Growers did not revise their estimates for total volume of
the coarse grain harvest over last week's estimates.
    Maize harvesting continued moving forward in central Santa
Fe, though slowly. Growers had harvested seven to nine pct of
total planted area, compared to five to seven pct last week.
    Total maize area planted for the 1986/87 harvest was
estimated at between 3.58 and 3.78 mln hectares, or two to
seven pct less than the 3.85 mln hectares planted in the
1985/86 harvest.
    Maize production is expected to total between 10.4 and 11
mln tonnes, or a drop of 17.5 to 19.4 pct over the 12.4 to 12.6
mln tonnes harvested last year according to private estimates,
or 18.9 to 21.9 pct lower than last year's volume, according to
official figures.
    The sunflower harvest advanced to between seven and nine
pct of total planted area.
    Two to 2.2 mln hectares have been planted with sunflowers
for this harvest, down 29.9 to 36.3 pct from last year's figure
of 3.14 mln hectares.
    Sunflower production is expected to total between 2.4 mln
and 2.7 mln tonnes, which would mean a drop of between 34.1 and
41.5 pct against the record 4.1 mln tonnes harvested in the
1985/86 harvest.
    Grain sorghum harvesting inched forward to between two and
four pct of total planted area, which this harvest is 1.23 to
1.30 mln hectares or 10.3 to 15.2 pct less than the 1.45 mln
hectares planted in the 1985/86 harvest.
    Sorghum production is expected to total between 3.2 mln and
3.5 mln tonnes, or 16.7 to 22 pct less than the 4.1 to 4.2
million tonnes harvested in 1985/86.
    Soybean production, by contrast, is expected to hit a
record 8.0 to 8.4 mln tonnes, which would mean an increase of
11.1 to 15.1 pct over last year's record figure of 7.2 to 7.3
mln tonnes, according to private estimates. Official figures
put last year's soybean harvest at 7.1 mln tonnes.
    Soybean crops were reported to be in generally very good
condition, helped by abundant rains and high temperatures.
    Total soybean-planted area for the 1986/87 harvest is
expected to be a record 3.7 to 3.8 mln hectares, up 10.8 to
13.8 pct from last year's harvest figure of 3.34 mln hectares.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1652>
The size of French 1986/87 carryover
barley stocks, estimated at 1.72 mln tonnes compared with
700,000 tonnes in 1985/86 is worrying, French Cereals
Intervention Office (ONIC) Director Bernard Vieux said.
    He told journalists these estimates were unchanged at the
end of February from the previous month while export forecasts
were lowered to 4.5 mln tonnes from 5.76 mln in 1985/86.
    Vieux called on the EC Commission to help by awarding a
larger volume of export certificates and said if no outlets are
opened for French barley a large amount could be put into
intervention.
    A small amount of French barley has already been put into
intervention, Vieux said without detailing the amount.
    The outlook for French maize is better with 1986/87 exports
to non-EC countries now put at 700,000 tonnes against 200,000
tonnes at the end of January and against 155,000 tonnes in
1985/86.
    The higher estimate is due to the EC Commission's decision
to hold special export tenders for French maize, he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1777>
Whether the Soviet Union will fulfill
its buying obligations under the U.S./USSR grains agreement
depends entirely on the United States, a Soviet trade official
told Reuters.
    "How can I tell that we are ready to fulfill the agreement
if the United States does not want to offer us grain at
competitive prices?" said Albert Melnikov, deputy trade
representative of the Soviet Union to the United States.
    "We are in the market for grains, but it is up to the
United States to be the seller ... to offer Soviets competitive
prices," he said in an interview.
    Melnikov said that the United States has not lived up the
agreement by failing to make available to Moscow U.S. grain at
prevailing market prices.
    "We are being accused of not implementing this agreement.
We do not consider we are at fault," Melnikov said.
    Article I in the agreement states that "purchases/sales of
commodities under this Agreement will be made at the market
price prevailing for these products at the time of
purchase/sale and in accordance with normal commercial terms."
    "The United States should supply to the Soviet Union
definite quantities of grain at competitive prices ... Is the
United States ready to supply this?" he said.
    The Soviet official said that near-term corn demand has
been met by the recent Soviet purchases of U.S. corn, which he
confirmed at 1.5 mln tonnes, but said that if U.S. corn prices
remain competitive, the Soviets will buy more if they need it.
    Wheat buying, however, is a different story, Melnikov said.
    "If the United States is interested in selling its wheat,
then they must offer competitive prices, and it's up to the
United States to decide how these competitive prices will be
offered," he said.
    Last year's U.S. offer of subsidized wheat to the Soviets
was rejected because of an insufficient subsidy, Melnikov said.
He said that at the time of the 13 dlr per tonne subsidy offer,
U.S. wheat prices were 26 dlrs over world levels.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1843>
Israel will tender overnight for
33,000 long tons of U.S. sorghum and/or 22,000 long tons of
U.S. corn for April shipment, private export sources said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1952>
The joint committee of Taiwan's maize
importers has awarded contracts to two U.S. Companies to supply
two shipments of maize, totalling 60,000 tonnes, a committee
spokesman told Reuters.
    Continental Grain Co of New York received the first 30,000
tonne cargo contract, priced at 93.86 U.S. Dlrs per tonne,
while Peavey Co of Minneapolis won the second shipment, also
30,000 tonnes, at 93.36 dlrs per tonne.
    Both shipments are c and f Taiwan and are set before March
16, the spokesman said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10120>
China has switched purchases of U.S.
wheat totaling 60,000 tonnes from the 1986/87 season, which
began June 1, to 1987/88 season delivery, the U.S. Agriculture
Department said.
    The department said outstanding wheat sales to China for
the current season amount to 90,000 tonnes and sales for
delivery in the 1987/88 season amount to 910,000 tonnes.
    Total corn commitments for the 1986/87 season total
1,015,800 tonnes, the department said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10139>
Sources close to Italy's &lt;Gruppo
Ferruzzi> said &lt;European Sugar (France)>, a French company
owned by Ferruzzi, would take over control of &lt;CPC Industrial
Division>, the corn wet milling business acquired by the
Italian group earlier this week from CPC International Inc
&lt;CPC>.
    The sources told Reuters that European Sugar, owned by
Ferruzzi subsidiary Eridania Zuccherifici Nazionali SpA
&lt;ERDI.MI>, planned to seek a listing on the Paris bourse and
make a share offering there.
    CPC International announced Tuesday it had agreed in
principle to sell its European corn wet millng business to
Ferruzzi. The deal is worth 630 mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10172>
There were no shipments of U.S.
grain or soybeans to the Soviet Union in the week ended March
19, according to the U.S. Agriculture Department's latest
Export Sales report.
     The USSR has purchased 2.40 mln tonnes of U.S. corn for
delivery in the fourth year of the U.S.-USSR grain agreement.
     Total shipments in the third year of the U.S.-USSR grains
agreement, which ended September 30, amounted to 152,600 tonnes
of wheat, 6,808,100 tonnes of corn and 1,518,700 tonnes of
soybeans.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10175>
Corn sales of 2,806,300 tonnes in
the week ended March 19 were the highest level since
mid-November, 1979, the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    The department said the USSR dominated the week's activity
with purchases of 1.4 mln tonnes (which were earlier reported
under the daily reporting system). Other large increaes were
posted for Japan and unknown destinations, it said.
    Taiwan purchased 296,300 tonnes for the 1986/87 season and
170,000 tonnes for the 1987/88 season, it said.
    Wheat sales of 317,200 tonnes for the current season and
125,000 tonnes for the 1987/88 season were down about one-third
from the preceding week and the four-week average.
    Wheat sales to China of 60,000 tonnes were switched from
1986/87 to the 1987/88 season, it noted.
    Soybean sales of 483,100 tonnes were 11 pct above the prior
week and two-thirds above the four-week average.
    Japan, the Netherlands, Mexico and Portugal were the main
buyers, the department said.
    Soybean cake and meal sales of 289,400 tonnes were
two-thirds above the previous week and the largest of the
marketing year, with Venezuela the dominant purchaser.
    Sales activity in soybean oil resulted in decreases of
4,400 tonnes, as reductions for unknown destinations more than
offset increases for Canada, the Dominican Republic and Panama,
the department said.
    Cotton sales of 57,900 running bales -- 43,800 bales for
the current year and 14,200 bales for the 1987/88 season --
were off 25 pct from the previous week and 50 pct from the
four-week average.
    Turkey, Thailand, South Korea and Canada were the major
buyers for the current season, while Thailand, Britain and
Japan were the major purchasers from the upcoming season, the
department said.
     Sorghum sales of 178,800 tonnes were two-thirds above the
prior week and 75 pct over the four-week average.
    Venezuela was the leading buyer it said.
    Sales of 41,800 tonnes of barley were 10 times the previous
week and 10 pct greater than  the four-week average. Israel,
Cyprus and Saudi Arabia were the main buyers, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10319>
The joint committee of Taiwan's maize
importers awarded contracts to five U.S. Companies for seven
shipments totalling 340,000 tonnes of maize for delivery
between September 1 and December 20, a committee official said.
    United Grain Corp of Oregon won two contracts for the
supply of 110,000 tonnes, priced between 92.44 and 96.00 dlrs
per tonne, for September 1-15 and November 5-20 delivery.
    Cargill Inc of Minnesota also took two shipments totalling
110,000 tonnes, priced between 93.45 and 94.65 dlrs per tonne,
for October 1-15 and December 5-20 delivery.
    ADM Export Co of Minnesota received a 54,000 tonne cargo,
at 93.75 dlrs per tonne, for November 1-15 delivery.
    Cigra Inc of Chicago won a contract to supply 33,000
tonnes, at 96.89 dlrs per tonne, for November 25-December 10
delivery.
    Elders Grain Inc of Kansas took a 33,000 tonne shipment, at
96.06 dlrs per tonne, for December 1-15 delivery.
    All shipments are c and f Taiwan.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10339>
The South African government's
maize production estimate of 7.8 mln tonnes for the current
year is "rather too conservative," leading grain and produce
merchants Kahn and Kahn Pty Ltd said.
    The company, in a detailed report, estimated the harvest as
high as 8.3 mln tonnes and said if this forecast is met the
ostensible surplus for export will be approximately 2.25 mln
tonnes.
    "This paradoxically is creating a problem for the Maize
Board," Kahn and Kahn said.
    It said the maize export price currently is depressed and
the board is "probably confronted with the necessity to maintain
or slightly increase the internal price of maize again...To
offset the ostensible loss which must be faced" on exporting
surplus amounts.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10487>
The Agriculture Department's
widening of Louisiana gulf differentials will affect county
posted prices for number two yellow corn in ten states, a USDA
official said.
    All counties in Iowa will be affected, as will counties
which use the gulf to price corn in Illinois, Indiana,
Tennessee, Kentucky, Missouri, Mississippi, Arkansas, Alabama
and Louisiana, said Ron Burgess, Deputy Director of Commodity
Operations Division for the USDA.
    USDA last night notified the grain industry that effective
immediately, all gulf differentials used to price interior corn
would be widened on a sliding scale basis of four to eight cts,
depending on what the differential is.
    USDA's action was taken to lower excessively high posted
county prices for corn caused by high gulf prices.
    "We've been following this Louisiana gulf situation for a
month, and we don't think it's going to get back in line in any
nearby time," Burgess said.
    Burgess said USDA will probably narrow back the gulf
differentials when and if Gulf prices recede. "If we're off the
mark now because we're too high, wouldn't we be as much off the
mark if we're too low?" he said.
    While forecasting more adjustments if Gulf prices fall,
Burgess said no other changes in USDA's price system are being
planned right now.
    "We don't tinker. We don't make changes lightly, and we
don't make changes often," he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10489>
Greece bought a total of 55,000 tonnes of
French maize when it tendered yesterday, initially for 30,000
tonnes of April delivery, trade sources said.
    They said 25,000 tonnes, to be shipped from Bordeaux, were
sold at 1,603 francs per tonne fob, 15,000 tonnes from Rouen at
1,596 francs fob and 15,000 tonnes from Sete at 1,607 francs
fob.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10519>
Jamaica bought U.S. corn, wheat and
rice at its tender earlier this week using PL-480 funds, a U.S.
Department of Agriculture official said.
    The purchase consisted of the following cargoes -
 - Cargill sold 1,503.5 tonnes of number two soft red winter
(SRW) wheat for May 5/30 shipment at 117.44 dlrs per tonne FOB
Gulf ports.
 - Continental Grain 8,250 tonnes of number two northern
spring/dark northern spring (NS/DNS) wheat (14.5 pct protein)
for April 15/May 10 at 123.97 dlrs FOB Gulf, excluding
Brownsville.
 - Nichemen 10,000 tonnes number two SRW wheat for June 12/July
7 at 103.43 dlrs FOB Gulf.
 - Nichemen 10,000 tonnes number two NS/DNS wheat (14.0 pct
protein) for May 25/June 20 at 121.89 dlrs FOB Gulf.
 - Cargill 10,000 tonnes number two SRW wheat for April 10/May
5 at 120.88 dlrs FOB Gulf.
 - Cargill 8,469.5 tonnes number two SRW wheat for May 5/30 at
117.44 dlrs FOB Gulf.
 - Louis Dreyfus 4,500 tonnes number three yellow corn (15.0
pct maximum moisture) for April 10/May 5 at 76.09 dlrs FOB
Gulf.
 - Louis Dreyfus 5,300 tonnes same corn April 20/May 15 at
75.89 dlrs FOB Gulf.
 - Louis Dreyfus 5,300 tonnes same corn May 10/June 5 at 75.49
dlrs FOB Gulf.
 - Louis Dreyfus 5,300 tonnes same corn June 1/25 at 75.49 dlrs
FOB Gulf.
 - Loius Dreyfus 3,700 tonnes number two yellow corn (14.5 pct
maximum moisture) for Apirl 10/May 5 at 76.29 dlrs FOB Gulf.
 - Louis Dreyfus 3,700 tonnes same corn for May 10/June 5 at
75.68 dlrs FOB Gulf.
    Exporters have not received final PL-480 approval on their
sale of a total of 9,500 tonnes of U.S. number five or better
long grain brown rice (10 pct maximum broken) for April 10/May
25 shipments.
    But the USDA official said he saw no hold-up in obtaining
that approval.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10701>
Japanese feed and starch makers actively
bought U.S. Corn last week, C and F basis, for July/September
shipment in view of bullish freight rates following active
inquiries by the Soviet Union, trade sources said.
    Some said the makers were seen buying some 30 pct of their
requirements, estimated at about three mln tonnes for the
three-month shipment period.
    "Belief is growing that freight rates will not decline
sharply from current high levels even in the usually sluggish
summer season because the Soviet Union's chartering is seen
continuing five to seven months from April," one source said.
    The sources said Japanese trading houses were seen covering
a total of 500,000 tonnes of Chinese corn for shipment in May
to October. But they are believed to have not yet sold most of
the corn to end-users in anticipation of further corn price
rises in the world market.
    Supply from Argentina and South Africa for July/September
is still uncertain. But the sources forecast supplies from
Argentina may fall to 400,000 to 500,000 tonnes from an
anticipated 800,000 in calendar 1987 and from South Africa to
700,000 to 800,000 tonnes from an estimated one mln in light of
tighter export availability.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10882>
Grain traders and analysts expect lower
wheat and soybean exports and higher corn exports than a year
ago in the USDA's export inspection report today.
    Corn export guesses ranged from 27.0 mln to 32.0 mln
bushels, compared with the 27.6 mln inspected last week and
20.5 mln a year ago.
    Soybean export guesses ranged from 14.0 mln to 16.0 mln, up
from the 13.4 mln inspected last week but below the 25.5 mln
reported a year ago.
    Wheat estimates ranged from 11.0 mln to 14.0 mln bushels,
compared with 12.0 mln reported last week and 18.3 mln a year
ago.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10956>
Exports of French soft wheat for the
period July 1, 1986, to March 1, 1987, fell 27.6 pct to 8.21
mln tonnes from 11.34 mln tonnes in the same 1985/86 period,
the national cereals office ONIC said quoting customs figures.
    Of this total, exports to non-EC countries totalled 3.76
mln tonnes, 34 pct down on 5.70 mln, and exports to EC nations
4.45 mln tonnes, 21.1 pct down on a previous 5.64 mln.
    Main EC destinations were Italy with two mln tonnes versus
1.9 mln, Belgium 500,000 tonnes (one mln), Netherlands 500,000
(600,000), West Germany 500,000 (800,000), Spain 300,000
(zero), Britain 300,000 (700,000), Greece 200,000 (300,000),
and Ireland 100,000 (200,000).
    In flour, exports totalled 980,000 tonnes, up 6.5 pct on a
previous 920,000 tonnes.
    Exports of maize totalled 4.11 mln tonnes, 37.4 pct up on a
previous 2.99 mln. Exports to non-EC countries were 190,000
tonnes against 140,000 and to EC countries 3.92 mln tonnes
against 2.84 mln.
    Main EC desinations were Netherlands 900,000 (600,000),
Belgium 800,000 (one mln), Britain 700,000 (500,000), West
Germany 400,000 (same), Italy 300,000 (200,000) and Greece
300,000 (zero).
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11085>
The Louisiana weekly USDA state crop
report said there were 2.4 days suitable for fieldwork.
    Soil moisture supplies rated 41 pct adequate and 59 pct
surplus.
    Winter Wheat - fair to good condition. eight pct headed vs
27 pct a year ago and 17 pct average.
    Corn - eight pct planted vs 64 pct a year ago and 51 pct
average. two pct emerged vs 45 y/a and 23 avg.
    Spring Plowing - seventeen pct completed vs 66 pct a year
ago and 48 pct avg.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11091>
The Texas weekly USDA state crop report
said stormy winter weather limited fieldwork before conditions
improved later in the week.
    A snowstorm caused some cattle deaths in the Panhandle, and
cold, wet weather covered many areas. Windy weather followed to
dry fields and limit planting delays.
    Small grains made good progress despite cool temperatures
which slowed growth. Additional moisture was needed in some
areas. Many fields were booting and some were beginning to
head. Wheat was rated 16 pct fair, 56 pct good and 28 pct
excellent.
    Corn and sorghum planting progressed, and land preparation
was ahead of schedule in the Plains despite snowy weather.
Cotton planting progressed in the Lower Valley.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11269>
Ivory Coast maize output has risen
steadily during the last two decades and the country aims to
produce two mln tonnes annually "very rapidly," the official
daily Fraternite Matin reported.
    It said the country reached self-sufficiency in maize three
years ago and harvested a record 530,000 tonnes in 1985
compared with only 200,000 tonnes 20 years earlier.
    The daily did not detail 1986 output but said further
production increases are anticipated in the years ahead as part
of a policy of boosting domestic output to cut grain imports.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11392>
Unfavorable late winter weather
conditions in the main wheat growing areas of Yugoslavia
indicate dimmed prospects for the emerging winter wheat crop,
the U.S. embassy's agricultural officer in Belgrade said.
    The officer, who travelled through an area from Belgrade to
Subotica, said in a field report dated March 27 the wheat crop
had been set back at least three weeks because of a cold spell
that followed a period of warm weather.
    He said unseasonably warm weather in late February that
brought the wheat crop out of winter dormancy early was
followed by three weeks of unusually cold weather.
    Damaging effects were seen in the fields, most of which
show stands with a yellow-brown cast indicating extensive leaf
and possible root damage from repeated freezings, he said.
    The report said that since much of the early growth in
February was from late seeding rather than from normal
development, his view was that the damage may be more extensive
than some local observers say.
    The most seriously affected fields were late-seeded fields
on normal maize soils. Stands in these fields were thin and
chances of recovery appeared less favorable, he said.
    However, he said soil moisture conditions were favorable
and many of the fields had already been top-dressed, which
would aid recovery.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11436>
Grain trade analysts expect a sharp
drop in corn acreage, with most expecting a more modest decline
in soybeans, in the U.S. Agriculture Department, USDA,
plantings intentions report due out at 1500 est (2100 gmt).
    The average trade guess for 1987 planted corn acreage was
66.06 mln acres, ranging from 60.7 to 69.0 mln, all well below
the 76.67 mln planted last year due to improved incentives by
the USDA for farmers to retire acres. Corn acres totalled only
60.22 mln in 1983, when the PIK program was introduced.
    The average soybean planted acreage quesstimate was 59.49
mln, ranging from 58.0 to 63.0 mln and compared with the 61.48
mln planted in 1986
    With substantial grain stocks, less interest was expressed
among analysts in the USDA stocks report also scheduled today.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11729>
Egypt will tender Thursday for
200,000 tonnes of optional origin corn, U.S. number two or
equivalent, 14.5 pct moisture, for late April shipment, private
export sources said.
    Shipment will be from the Gulf or Great Lakes if U.S.
origin, they said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11739>
The U.S. grain planting intentions and
stocks reports bear optimistic news for U.S agriculture, a
grain analyst on a Chicago Board of Trade panel said.
    The decline in intended soybean acreage and lower stocks
are "the first report we've had for a long time that shows any
optimism for anybody," said John "Bud" Frazier, grain analyst
and executive vice president for Balfour MacLaine, Inc.
    "I'm really excited about it," Frazier said.
    The U.S. Department of Agriculture said farmers intend to
plant 67.6 mln acres of corn, down from 76.7 mln planted last
year, and 56.8 mln acres of soybeans, down from 61.5 mln.
    The report showed March 1 stocks of 1.4 billion bushels of
soybeans, 8.3 billion bushels of corn, and 2.3 billion bushels
of wheat, all below trade guesses.
    Frazier was joined by Susan Hackmann, senior grain analyst
with AgriAnalysis, and Mark Meyer, a grain analyst with
Shearson Lehman Brothers, Inc., on a Chicago Board of Trade
panel to discuss the reports.
    Frazier said the stocks reports in particular were friendly
for the market, and soybean prices would jump three to five
cents a bushel "if the bell rang right now."
    "We're getting our disappearance up. We have less (corn and
soybeans) than we thought we had," he said, noting that hog and
poultry production is up.
    "We're seeing low prices generate some interest in demand,"
said Meyer, adding that feed use was up 13 pct last quarter and
15 pct in the preceding quarter.
    However, Hackmann said production could continue to exceed
consumption.
    She noted that most of the reductions in soybean acres came
in southeastern states, where yields are usually low.
    "We have the potential for record breaking soybean yields
this year, (which) will temper the enthusiasm on tomorrow's
opening," she said.
    Hackmann said record corn yields also are possible, and the
crop could reach 7.1 billion bushels, which would be down from
last year's 8.25 billion bushels.
    "We'll need very good disappearance next year to reduce
stocks," she said. The USDA estimated disappearance last year
at 6.7 billion bushels.
    Hackmann said the stocks report was positive for the long
term, "But we still have a long way to go to bring stocks down
to where we could start rebuilding prices."
    Frazier also cautioned that the soybean acreage report
could prompt farmers to change their plans and plant more
soybeans.
    The panelists agreed that the reports should discourage
talk of revising the 1985 farm bill.
    "There seems to be no desire ... to change the farm law
we're working under today, and this report should reinforce
that," Frazier said.
    "We are seeing the program beginning to work," said Meyer.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11769>
The grain output of a major Chinese
grain-producing province is not increasing, because farmers
lack incentives, production costs are rising, storage
facilities are poor and there is not enough state investment in
grain, the province's vice-governor said.
    The China Daily quoted Yang Jike, vice-governor of Anhui,
as saying farmers could earn twice as much growing cotton as
they could growing grain, and three times as much growing cash
crops like flax. He said production costs had risen to 40 pct
of farmers' earnings, from 20 pct in 1982, and lower investment
had caused the area of irrigated land to fall.
    Yang said investment in agriculture fell in 1985 to 9.9 pct
of the province's total investment, from 26 pct in 1978.
    He said an estimated 1.5 billion yuan worth of grain was
hit by mildew or rot in state granaries every year, and a
further 1.5 mln tonnes was eaten annually by rats.
    He said government measures to deal with the problem dealt
with trifles, rather than the essentials. He called for more
investment in grain production, an immediate ban on illegal use
of or damage to farmland and a reversal of what he called the
tendency to rely on grain imports.
    The New China News Agency quoted Zhang Yan, a delegate to
the National People's Congress, attacking grain policy. He said
the government had cut agricultural investment to three to four
pct from 11 pct.
    "With the abundance of grain and cotton in the past few
years, some people got carried away, relaxing their attention
to grain and cotton production," he said.
    On Saturday, vice-premier Tian Jiyun said China aimed to be
self-sufficient in grain. Now it exports corn from the
northeast, but it imports wheat.
    "Grain consumption is rising every year. Even if we reach
the 1987 target of (405 mln tonnes), it cannot be considered
adequate," Tian said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11885>
French cereals exports through Rouen port
rose to 751,563 tonnes between March 1 and March 25 from
603,413 tonnes in the same 1986 period, freight sources said.
    The Soviet Union took 263,051 tonnes of wheat and barley,
Saudi Arabia 90,944 tonnes barley, China 87,259 wheat, Algeria
64,896 wheat, Bangladesh 30,000 wheat, Morocco 27,500 maize,
Greece 26,700 wheat and barley, Spain 25,124 wheat, Poland
24,683 wheat, Brazil 24,082 wheat, Italy 21,659 wheat, Cyprus
20,700 wheat and maize, Israel 16,500 maize and the U.K. 8,797
tonnes wheat.
    Six ships are loading 120,000 tonnes of wheat, the sources
said. They include 30,000 tonnes for China, 31,000 for the
Soviet Union, 25,000 for Turkey, and 35,000 for Italy. Another
ship is loading 17,000 tonnes of colza for the Soviet Union.
    Another 12 ships should arrive to load 344,000 tonnes of
cereals by the end of the week. Six are to load 186,000 tonnes
of wheat for the Soviet Union. Two will load 60,000 tonnes of
barley for Saudi Arabia, one 28,000 tonnes of wheat for China,
two 25,000 tonnes of wheat each for Algeria and Turkey and one
20,000 tonnes of wheat for Italy. Another is expected to load
20,000 tonnes of colza for the Soviet Union.
    Flour exports through Rouen rose to 23,457 tonnes in the 25
day period from 5,500 in the equivalent 1986 period, the
sources said.
    Sudan took 19,327 tonnes and west coast Africa 4,130.
    Four ships are currently loading 32,000 tonnes, including
24,000 for Egypt, 6,000 for Tanzania and 2,000 for Mauritania.
    A ship is expected later this week to load 12,000 tonnes
for China.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11936>
Cash grain dealers reported slow country
movement of corn and soybeans across the Midwest, with even
corn sales from PIK-and-roll activity seen earlier this week
drying up.
    Some dealers said the USDA may further adjust the posted
county price at the Gulf to take into account high barge
freight rates as a way to keep corn sales flowing, but added
the current plan probably will be given a few weeks to see if
it will work as hoped.
    Corn and soybean basis values continued to drop on the
Illinois and MidMississippi River due to the strong barge
freight rates. Toledo and Chicago elevators were finishing
loading the first corn boats of the new shipping season,
supporting spot basis values at those terminal points.

                  CORN             SOYBEANS
 TOLEDO         5 UND MAY UNC   1 UND MAY UNC
 CINCINNATI     1 UND MAY UNC   1 OVR MAY UP 2
 NEW HAVEN     12 UND MAY UNC   2 UND MAY DN 1
 N.E. INDIANA  10 UND MAY UNC   2 OVR MAY DN 1
 CHICAGO      1/2 OVR MAY UNC   5 UND MAY UNC
 SENECA       51/2 UND MAY DN 1 7 UND MAY UNC
 DAVENPORT 61/2UND MAY DN61/2 61/2UND MAY DN11/2
 CLINTON        5 UND MAY DN 3       UA
 CEDAR RAPIDS  11 UND MAY DN 3 13 UND MAY DN 2
                  HRW WHEAT
 TOLEDO  58 LB 35 OVR MAY UP 1
 CHICAGO 57 LB 25 OVR MAY UNC
 CINCINNATI DP 10 OVR MAY UNC
 NE INDIANA DP  8 OVR MAY UNC
 PIK CERTIFICATES - 103/104 PCT - UNC/ DN 2
 NC - NO COMPARISON  UA - UNAVAILABLE
 UNC - UNCHANGED DP - DELAYED PRICING

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11939>
Cash grain dealers reported slow country
movement of corn and soybeans across the Midwest, with even
corn sales from PIK-and-roll activity seen earlier this week
drying up.
    Some dealers said the USDA may further adjust the posted
county price at the Gulf to take into account high barge
freight rates as a way to keep corn sales flowing, but added
the current plan probably will be given a few weeks to see if
it will work as hoped.
    Corn and soybean basis values continued to drop on the
Illinois and MidMississippi River due to the strong barge
freight rates. Toledo and Chicago elevators were finishing
loading the first corn boats of the new shipping season,
supporting spot basis values at those terminal points.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11964>
French farmers are planning to cut their
maize sowings by between 100,000 and 150,000 hectares this year
from the 1.87 mln ha harvested in 1986, the French Maize
Producers' Association, AGPM, said.
    It said its first estimate of planting intentions indicated
cuts of 15 to 20 pct in plantings in the northern region of
Picardy and the Paris Basin, which harvested 192,000 ha last
year.
    In the centre-west region of Poitou-Charentes, plantings
were estimated four to seven pct up on last year's harvested
244,000 ha.
    Planting intentions in the south-east ranged between nine
pct less and two pct more than last year's 125,000 ha. In the
south-west the AGPM said producers intended to plant a similar
area to last year's 671,100 harvested hectares, provided water
supplies are adequate in the Midi-Pyrenees region after the
last two years of drought.
    Meanwhile, the oilseed plant breeding association, AMSOL,
said sunflower plantings in France this year are indicated at
between 900,000 and 950,000 ha against 829,000 harvested last
year, while soya plantings are indicated at 80,000 ha against
last year's harvested 48,000.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12002>
Speculation the United States will
offer subsidized wheat to the Soviet Union appears to have
reached a new level of intensity in the run-up to Secretary of
State George Shultz' visit later this month to Moscow.
    Rumors of an impending deal have coursed through wheat
markets since officials from the two countries held their
customary, semi-annual grain talks in February. Moscow's
decision at that time to reenter the U.S. corn market
strengthened the perception of warming farm trade prospects.
    Shultz is set to arrive in Moscow April 13.
    Shultz' statement two weeks ago that he would not stand in
the way of a wheat subsidy offer under the Export Enhancement
Program, EEP, coupled with the announcement of his visit to
Moscow, was interpreted by many grain trade representatives
here as a clear signal that the Reagan administration was
preparing an offer.
    Administration officials -- in and out of the U.S.
Agriculture Department -- have been extremely tight-lipped
about the prospects of a subsidy offer.
    But USDA officials for the most part have abandoned the
contention the proposal is dormant, suggesting that an offer,
while not a "done deal," is a live possibility.
    Prominent U.S. grain trade representatives -- many of whom
asked not to be identified -- continue to maintain that an
offer to subsidize four mln tonnes of wheat is imminent.
    Others, who one month ago claimed a deal was not possible,
are saying they would not rule one out.
    Rep. Pat Roberts, R-Kan., yesterday went so far as to
predict a subsidy offer would be made within the next ten days
to two weeks.
    Aides to Roberts said he had spoken to Republican leaders
who had been in contact with administration officials.
    Richard Fritz, director of international marketing at U.S.
Wheat Associates, said he was confident an export enhancement
offer would be made by the middle of this month.
    Fritz also said he thought the value of the bonus would end
up being close to the offer Washington made Peking earlier this
year when USDA approved subsidies to China of around 36 dlrs
per tonne on one mln tonnes of wheat.
    Some grain trade representatives say a four-mln-tonne wheat
subsidy offer might help stimulate more Soviet purchases of
U.S. corn and open the door to U.S. sales of soybeans.
    As ever, one of the crucial sticking points in a wheat deal
would appear to be price.
    Last summer the administration took the controversial step
of offering the Soviets subsidized wheat -- but were
embarrassed when Moscow spurned the proposal on the grounds
that the 15-dlr-per-tonne subsidy still left U.S. wheat prices
far above world market prices.
    The administration's decision to set the subsidy level up
front instead of accepting bids from exporters appeared to be a
means of controlling the price while attempting to dampen
criticism, grain trade sources said.
    Nonetheless, the pricing procedure did not prevent Shultz
from saying the Soviets were "chortling" because Washington was
offering Soviet housewives cheaper grain than that available to
U.S. housewives.
    The conventional wisdom among grain trade representatives
here is that a general warming of relations between the two
countries since last summer, combined with continued hard times
in the U.S. grain belt, would favor a subsidy offer.
    In addition, the USSR has made it clear it would consider
buying U.S. wheat if it were priced more competitively.
    However, observers have not forgotten the circumstances
surrounding the administration's announcement of the wheat
subsidy offer last summer.
    Up until the time of the announcment, congressional and
industry leaders were led to believe the White House had
decided to expand the Export Enhancement Program to include not
only the Soviets, but also a much broader list of countries.
    Instead, the administration scaled back the offer to
include only the Soviets.
    That last-minute change of heart adds a measure of
uncertainty even to the predictions of those most convinced
that the administration will not now pass up the opportunity to
sell four mln tonnes of wheat to the Soviet Union.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12052>
The U.S. Has been promised a near
monopoly of maize exports to Spain from third countries
guaranteed under an agreement with the European Community, an
EC official said.
    The official, who asked not to be named, told Reuters that
the guarantee was given in an unpublished clause of the
agreement.
    Under the accord, which began in January, third countries
were guaranteed access for the next four years for two mln
tonnes a year of maize to the Spanish market, as well as
300,000 tonnes of sorghum.
    However, the official said the U.S. Had been assured that
almost all the exports would be reserved for its traders.
    The EC Commission is to ask member states to agree either a
tender system to fix reduced import levies for the maize or to
authorise direct imports by the Spanish intervention board.
    EC sources noted that under a tender system maize from
outside the U.S. Would sometimes be offered on more favourable
terms than that from the U.S.
    No Commission spokesman was immediately available for
comment.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12055>
Total corn sales by Argentina to the
Soviet Union are only 1.5 to 1.8 mln tonnes, with delivery
spread out from March to June, the U.S. Agriculture
Department's Counselor in Buenos Aires said in a field report.
    The report, dated March 27, said many sources have stated
that the Soviet Union was initially interested in purchasing
2.3 mln tonnes lof corn from Argentina.
    However, Soviet purchases from the United States have
tended to displace additional Argentine purchases, the report
said.
    The USDA has to date reported USSR purchases of 2.6 mln
tonnes of U.S. corn for delivery in the current U.S.-USSR grain
agreement year, which ends this September 30, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12160>
Fresh, heavy rains caused further
damage to the Argentine 1986/87 coarse grains crop in the week
to yesterday, particularly in Buenos Aires province, trade
sources said.
    They said the sunflower, maize, soybean and sorghum crops
were damaged and yield estimates affected. New production
forecasts were made for all these crops.
    The rains over the weekend and up to yesterday registered
more than 200 mm on average in western Buenos Aires and
worsened the flooding in various parts of the province.
    The weather bureau said the rains, which in Buenos Aires
have surpassed 750 mm in the last 30 days, could continue.
    The northeast of the country was also hit by heavy rains.
    In Corrientes province the rains also passed an average of
200 mm in some parts, notably the Paso de los Libres area
bordering on Uruguay.
    In Santa Fe and Entre Rios provinces they were over 100 mm
in places, in Misiones and San Luis 90 mm and in Cordoba 80 mm.
    The rains were less intense in Chaco and Formosa.
    Harvesting in areas not actually under water could also be
further delayed due to dampness in the earth, the sources said.
    The excessive humidity might also produce rotting of the
crops, further dimishing the yield, the sources added.
    Sunflower harvesting before the weekend rains reached 26 to
30 pct of the area sown in Santa Fe, Cordoba, La Pampa and
Buenos Aires provinces.
    The production forecast for 1986/87 sunflowerseed has been
lowered to between 2.2 and 2.4 mln tonnes, against 2.3 to 2.6
mln tonnes the previous week, making it 41.5 to 46.3 pct lower
than the record 4.1 mln tonnes produced last season.
    The area sown was two to 2.2 mln hectares, down 29.9 to
36.3 pct on the record 3.14 mln hectares in 1985/86.
    The maize harvest advanced to within 26 to 28 pct of the
area sown in Cordoba, Santa Fe and northern Buenos Aires. It
will begin in La Pampa within about 10 days, weather
permitting.
    Maize yield this season is now estimated at 9.6 to 9.9 mln
tonnes, against last week's 9.9 to 10.1 mln tonnes, down 21.4
to 22.6 pct on the 12.4 to 12.6 mln tonnes at which private
producers put 1985/86 production.
    The new forecast is 22.7 to 25 pct down on the official
figure of 12.8 mln tonnes for last season's production.
    The grain sorghum harvest reached 17 to 19 pct of growers'
targets, against 14 to 16 pct the previous week.
    The production forecast was reduced to between three and
3.3 mln tonnes, against 3.2 to 3.5 mln tonnes last week, 21.4
to 26.8 pct down on last season's 4.1 to 4.2 mln tonnes.
    The area sown with sorghum in 1986/87 was 1.23 to 1.30 mln
hectares, down 10.3 to 15.2 pct on the 1.45 mln in 1985/86.
    The forecast for soybean yield this season was the least
changed in relation to last week. It was put at a record 7.5 to
7.7 mln tonnes, against the previous 7.5 to 7.8 mln tonnes.
    These figures are 4.2 to 5.5 pct higher than last season's
record of 7.2 to 7.3 mln tonnes, according to private sources,
and 5.6 to 8.5 pct up on the official 7.1 mln tonnes.
    The adjustment to the production forecast is due to the
rains and overcast conditions which have greatly reduced the
sunlight needed for this crop, sources said.
    Producers fear estimates may yet have to be adjusted down
further.
    The humidity could induce rotting and growers are still
finding more empty pods due to excessively dry weather earlier
in the season.
    Soybean harvesting is due to start in mid-April in southern
Cordoba and Santa Fe and northern Buenos Aires.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12311>
Japan appears to be relying less on
corn from China, Argentina and South Africa and more on
supplies from the United States, the U.S. Agriculture
Department said.
    In its World Production and Trade report, the department
said in the past seven weeks reported U.S. corn sales of nearly
three mln tonnes to Japan are about three times the level
during this period last year.
    Reports of short Argentine supplies and the apparent
unwillingness of the Chinese to sell at current world prices
may have caused Japanese buyers to turn to the United States
for corn supplies, the department said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12323>
U.S. corn sales to Tunisia, Morocco
and other North African countries may face increased
competition from European Community (EC) corn sales, the U.S.
Agriculture Department said.
    In its World Production and Trade report, the USDA said
sales of French corn for nearby delivery have been confirmed
with an export subsidy of about 145 dlrs per tonne, bringing
the French price to about 72 dlrs per tonne, FOB.
    While this is about the same price as U.S. corn, EC corn
has lower transport costs, the department noted.
    The French sales mark the beginning of commercial EC corn
exports which could reach 750,000 tonnes to North Africa and
the Middle East, areas which have traditionally purchased their
corn needs from the United States, the department said.
    Department officials said the 750,000 tonnes of exports are
for the year up to September 30 1987.
    They said export licenses for about 500,000 tonnes have
been issued so far.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12372>
The U.S. House Agriculture Committee
approved proposals to extend the life of the Export Enhancement
Program, EEP, through fiscal 1990 and urged the Reagan
administration offer EEP wheat to the Soviet Union.
    The proposals were approved as amendments to a
comprehensive trade bill moving through Congress this year.
    In addition to the amendments on EEP, the committee
approved several proposals which could restrict imports of
lamb, casein, sugar-containing products and tobacco. Those
amendments affecting imports face an uncertain future because
the House Ways and Means Committee, which has overall
jurisdiction over trade legislation, will oppose them,
Congressional sources said.
    The effect of the EEP amendments would be to extend the
life of the program five years through fiscal 1990 rather than
the current three years through fiscal 1988.
    The amendments, offered by Rep. Dan Glickman, D-Kan., also
would increase funding for the program to 2.5 billion dlrs from
1.5 billion now.
    Furthermore, the committee passed an amendment offered by
Rep. Glickman which instructs the U.S. Agriculture Department
to value EEP bonus commodities at market value, not acquisition
value. Glickman said the change would make the program 30 pct
less expensive to operate.
    The provision on EEP wheat to the Soviet Union, offered by
Rep. Bob Smith, R-Ore., does not require the administration
make an offer, but urges such action.
    The committee approved an amendment, offered by Rep. Glenn
English, D-Okla., requiring the Secretary of Agriculture to
begin discussions with other major grain producing countries
aimed at jointly reducing world grain production.
    Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter yesterday opposed the
amendment, saying such commodity agreements do not work.
    Among the host of amendments to restrict imports approved
by the panel, the most significant would require quotas on
imports of goods containing more than 25 pct of a bulk farm
product that is subject to U.S. quotas. The amendment, offered
by Rep. Arlan Stangeland, R-Minn., is aimed primarily at
curbing imports from Canada of products containing sugar and
foreign foods containing dairy products. It also may affect
peanut, cotton and tobacco imports, Committee sources said.
    Another amendment would place a quota on U.S. imports of
casein, a dairy product shipped to the U.S. primarily by New
Zealand and Ireland.
    The panel also voted to apply to lamb imports the same
countercyclical import quota law which is operating for U.S.
beef imports.
    Other miscellaneous amendments included:
    -- Urging the administration consider retaliating against
Japan and South Korea if those countries do not remove
restrictions on beef imports.
    -- Boosting the amount of U.S. grain which must be shipped
each year under a food aid program called Section 416 to
800,000 tonnes from 500,000 tonnes now.
    -- Requiring the Agriculture Secretary conduct a study of
the Canadian Wheat Board import licensing system for wheat to
determine if it is a non-tariff trade barrier.
    -- Requiring the Agriculture Secretary reimburse the
National Corn Growers Association up to 500,000 dlrs for the
costs of defending the U.S. feedgrains program against a
Canadian countervailing duty case this year.
    -- Urging the administration oppose the Canadian decision
to apply a duty on U.S. corn imports, and a proposal by the
European Community to apply a vegetable oils tax.
    -- USDA conduct a study of the findings of a National
Commission on Agricultural Export Policy, which recommended a
reorganization of USDA's trade policy apparatus.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12417>
The agreement between the U.S. And the
European Community (EC) on special imports of maize and sorghum
provides an equal chance for all non-EC countries to supply the
Spanish market, an EC Commission spokeswoman said.
    She denied that any unpublished clause of the agreement
guaranteed the bulk of the maize export business would go to
the U.S., As one EC official told Reuters yesterday.
    Under the agreement, the EC will import two mln tonnes of
maize and 300,000 tonnes of sorghum a year into Spain at
specially reduced levy rates for the next four years.
    The Commission has yet to decide whether the maize will
come in through direct purchases by the Spanish intervention
board or by a tender system.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12436>
Zambia's marketed maize production will
probably fall to less than 630,000 tonnes in 1986/87 (May-Apr),
from 918,000 last year, because of poor rainfall in major
producing areas, Agriculture Minister Kingsley Chinkuli said.
    He told Parliament that in the southern provinces the
harvest would be over 50 pct down on the level in the previous
marketing year.
    "The nation would be lucky to produce over seven mln bags
(630,000 tonnes) of maize this year," he stated.
    Chinkuli added that Zambia was setting up an irrigation
fund with Canadian aid to lessen the effects of poor rainfall.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12500>
French operators have requested licences
to export 422,000 tonnes of free market maize, 212,000 tonnes
of barley and 20,000 tonnes of feed wheat at today's EC tender,
trade sources said.
    For the maize, rebates requested range between 129.25 and
138.74 European currency units per tonne, for the barley
between 138.94 and 145 Ecus and for feed wheat 141.75 Ecus.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12583>
The European Community Commission awarded
export licences for 20,000 tonnes free market French maize at a
maximum export rebate of 129.40 European currency units (Ecus)
per tonne, trade sources said here.
    All requests for export licences for free market feed wheat
and barley were rejected, they said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12587>
No changes have been made or are
being planned in the Agriculture Department's calculation of
price differentials between interior grain locations and the
Texas Gulf, a senior USDA official said.
    Ralph Klopfenstein, USDA deputy administrator for commodity
operations, told Reuters, "We do not anticipate any changes to
be made" in the Texas Gulf differentials used to calculate
posted county prices for corn.
    "We do not relate the Texas Gulf structure with the
Louisiana Gulf structure at all. It's a totally different
situation," he said.
    Rumors had circulated through the market this morning that
USDA had widened Texas Gulf differentials in a similar manner
to last weekend's adjustments with the Louisiana Gulf.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12872>
Greece has agreed to buy between 27,000
and 33,000 tonnes of Spanish corn, a spokesman for Cargill's
Spanish unit Compania Industrial y de Abastecimiento S.A.
(CINDASA) said.
    He told Reuters the sale price was around 28.95 pesetas per
kilo but that the final quantity and delivery date has not yet
been set. The corn will be shipped in the coming days from
Valencia.
    He said CINDASA will also ship 6,000 to 7,000 tonnes of
Spanish corn to Italy in the second half of this month.
    The CINDASA spokesman said other corn shipments this month
will include between 15,000 and 30,000 tonnes bound initially
for Rotterdam and Ghent and destined for unspecified northern
European countries. He said shipments of 35,000 to 50,000
tonnes of low specific gravity barley were also expected this
month and added that Greece, the Netherlands, Ireland and
Belgium were considering imports of Spanish flour for milling.
    Market sources said the corn exports, the absence of
imports from the rest of the EC and the delay in shipments of
corn from the U.S. Had pushed domestic corn prices up by around
0.25 pesetas a kilo today compared with yesterday.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13173>
The Argentine Grain Board adjusted
minimum export prices of grain and oilseed products in dlrs per
tonne FOB, previous in brackets, as follows:
    Maize 71 (72), grain sorghum 65 (66).      
    Roasted groundnutseed, according to grain size, 510 (520),
400 (410), 375 (385), 355 (365).               
    Soybean pellets for shipments through May 164 (162) and
June onwards 161 (159).
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13179>
Grain and oilseed complex export
business reported since yesterday by government agencies and
private exporters -
    Japanese crushers bought 4,000 to 5,000 tonnes of Canadian
rapeseed in export business overnight for May shipment...Greece
has agreed to buy 27,000 to 33,000 tonnes of Spanish corn for
spot shipment, with Italy buying 6,000 to 7,000 tonnes of
Spanish corn for last/half April shipment, a spokesman for
cargill's spanish unit said...Taiwan bought 54,000 tonnes of
U.S. soybeans for April 20/May 5 delivery C and F...
    (Continued) - The India State Trading Corp bought 20,000
tonnes of optional origin soybean oil for May 20/June 20
shipment and 6,000 tonnes of RBD palm olein for April 25/May 25
shipment at its import tender yesterday...Pakistan rejected
offers at its tender for 12,000 tonnes of RBD palm oil, but is
expected to retender next week...The U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) said it has accepted a bid for an export
bonus to cover the sale of 50,000 tonnes of U.S. hard red
winter wehat to Sri Lanka for April 8/16 shipment, with an
additional 10,000 tonnes of wheat still available to Sri Lanka
under the Export Enhancement Program (EEP)...
    (Continued) - The USDA said it has accepted a bid for an
export bonus to cover the sale of 18,000 tonnes of U.S. durum
wheat to Algeria for June 20/30 shipment, with an additional
228,000 tonnes still available to Algeria under the EEP.
    Tenders - Jordan will tender Monday, April 6, for 225,000
tonnes of U.S. hard and soft wheats for various April/Nov
shipments under the EEP.
    Market talk and comment - The USDA said Turkey has been
made eligible for the sale of up to 70,000 tonnes of medium
grain milled rice under the EEP...
    Market talk and comment (continued) - The USDA announced
Colombia has been made eligible for sale of up to 15,000 tonnes
of U.S. barley malt under the EEP...The Canadian Grain
Commission reported Canadian wheat exports in the week ended
March 29 totalled 447,200 tonnes, compared with 277,700 the
previous week, with 1986/87 season exports so far up to
10,228,600 tonnes versus 10,637,500 for the 1985/86 season,
with barley exports 38,800 tonnes, 106,700 tonnes, 4,804,500
and 1,892,600 respectively, rapeseed 43,900 tonnes, 50,700
tonnes, 1,292,600 and 920,000 respectively and flaxseed 20,700
tonnes, 13,600 tonens, 450,900 and 392,600 respectively...
    Market talk and comment (continued) - Pakistan is not
emerging as a major wheat exporter as World market prospects
are not good enough, a government official said...Active
timecharter fixing by Soviet operators to cover USSR grain
imprts featured the ocean freight market this morning, ship
brokers said...Dry cargo futures on the BIFFEX extended
yesterday's strong advance, with sharp gains of 22 to 17 points
in response to rumors of higher rates for grain business from
the U.S. Gulf to Japan, dealers said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13852>
The U.S. Agriculture Department gave
a preliminary breakdown of grain in the Farmer-Owned Grain
Reserve as of April 1, with comparisons, based on telephone
reports from farmers filed with the department's Kansas City
field office, in mln bushels --
           April 1   Previous
 Wheat     657.6      659.7
 Corn    1,406.5    1,397.0
 Sorghum    95.8       95.5
 Barley    122.1      122.0
 Oats        3.7        3.7
 
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13856>
The U.S. Agriculture Department gave
the following breakdown of grain remaining in the farmer-owned
grain reserve as of April 1, in mln bushels, by reserve number
--
             I    II  III    IV      V      VI
 Wheat      nil  nil  0.1   0.3    10.5  479.7
 Corn        --   --   --   4.1 1,231.9     --
 Sorghum-x   --   --   --   0.1    38.8     --
 Barley      --   --   --   0.1    73.9     --
 x - mln cwts. Note - USDA says above totals may not match
total in reserve numbers.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14483>
The Commodity Credit Corporation
(CCC) has transferred 21.0 mln dlrs in credit guarantees
previously earmarked for sales of U.S. corn and 5.0 mln dlrs
for sales of oilseeds to increase available coverage on sales
of U.S. poultry meat to Iraq, the U.S. Agriculture Department
said.
    The department said the action was taken at the request of
Iraq's State Trade Organization for Grains and Foodstuffs.
    The guarantee line for sales of corn has been reduced from
78.0 mln dlrs to 57.0 mln and the line for oilseeds from 5.0
mln dlrs to zero.
    The guarantee line for sales of frozen poultry has been
increased from 30.0 mln dlrs to 56.0 mln dlrs, USDA said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2044>
French operators have requested licences
to export 40,000 tonnes of free market feed wheat, 32,500
tonnes of soft bread wheat, 375,000 tonnes of barley and
465,000 tonnes of maize at today's European Community tender,
trade sources here said.
    Rebates requested ranged between 134 and 136.50 European
currency units (Ecus) a tonne for the feed wheat, 137.39 and
141.50 Ecus a tonne for the bread wheat, 137.93 and 142.95 Ecus
for the barley and 133.75 and 140.25 Ecus for the maize.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2172>
French cereal exports through the port of
Rouen fell 6.4 pct to 725,023 tonnes during the period February
1 to 25, from 774,704 for the period February 1 to 26 last
year, trade sources said.
    Main destinations were Saudi Arabia with 158,109 tonnes of
barley, the Soviet Union 147,214 of wheat, Italy 104,704 of
wheat, Spain 91,381 of wheat and maize, China 52,500 of wheat
and Algeria 41,000 of wheat.
    Between February 26 and today, five ships have loaded
137,000 tonnes of cereals, the sources added.
    The 137,000 tonnes comprised 59,500 tonnes of wheat for
China, 53,000 of wheat for the Soviet Union and 24,500 of wheat
for Algeria.
    By this Friday, sources estimated a further 233,600 tonnes
of cereals will have been loaded, comprising 47,000 tonnes of
barley, 78,600 of wheat and 25,000 of rapeseed for the Soviet
Union, 30,000 of wheat for Sri Lanka, 28,000 of wheat for China
and 25,000 of wheat for Poland.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2217>
The EC Commission rejected all bids for
free market bread-making and feed wheat and all bids for the
special West German tender at today's weekly EC cereals tender,
trade sources said here.
    It granted export licences for 123,000 tonnes of free
market barley at a maximum rebate of 138.75 Ecus per tonne and
25,000 tonnes of maize at a maximum rebate of 133.75 Ecus, they
said.
    Licences for 100,000 tonnes of the barley were awarded to
French trade houses, they added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2264>
The EC Commission decided to open a
special daily export rebate today for maize exports to Morocco,
Israel, Canary Islands and zone 5c (Sub-Saharan Africa), trade
sources said here.
    The rebate was set at 153 European currency units per tonne
for March and 133 for April through July.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2382>
China has added 90,000 tonnes of U.S.
wheat to its purchases for delivery in the 1987/88 season and
cancelled 30,000 tonnes of wheat purchases for delivery in the
1986/87 season, the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    According to the department's Export Sales Report covering
transactions in the week ended February 26, China has
outstanding wheat commitments for the 1986/87 season of 30,000
tonnes and 420,000 tonnes for delivery in the 1987/88 season.
    The wheat season begins June 1.
    China has total corn commitments for 1986/87 of 1,011,200
tonnes and soybeans commitments of 157,500 tonnes.
    The season for corn and soybeans began September 1.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2436>
Brazil has suspended the importation
of 500,000 tonnes of maize ordered last year because of the
excellent domestic maize harvest expected this year,
Agriculture Minister Iris Resende said.
    The Agriculture Ministry expects a record maize crop of
27.7 mln tonnes, a 36 pct increase on last year's crop of 20.3
mln tonnes.
    Brazil's total grain crop is expected to be 65.3 mln
tonnes. "This is a record in the history of Brazilian
agriculture," a ministry spokesman said.
    Resende announced suspension of the maize imports at a news
conference in Brasilia yesterday.
    The ministry spokesman said he had no other details on the
maize transaction.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2456>
Corn sales gained 2,494,900 tonnes in
the week ended February 26, the highest weekly total since
August 1984 and two and three-quarter times the prior week's
level, the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    In comments on its Export Sales Report, the department said
sales of 1.0 mln tonnes to the USSR -- previously reported
under the daily reporting system -- were the first sales for
delivery to the USSR under the fourth year of the U.S.-USSR
Grains Supply Agreement, which began October 1.
    Japan added 689,700 tonnes to previous purchases and sales
to unknown destinations rose by 429,800 tonnes.
    Wheat sales of 362,400 tonnes for the current season and
151,000 for the 1987/88 season were down by more than half from
the previous week's combined sales, it said.
    Egypt, Japan and Iraq were the major wheat buyers for
delivery in the current year, while sales to China decreased by
30,000 tonnes for the current season, but increased by 90,000
tonnes for the 1987/88 season, which begins June 1.
    Net sales of soybeans totalling 274,200 tonnes equaled the
preceding week, but were nearly a third below the four week
average. Major increases were for Belgium, South Korea, Mexico
and Italy, it said.
    Soybean cake and meal sales of 103,700 tonnes were 2-3/4
times the previous week's marketing year low, but six pct less
than the four week average.
    Major increases for West Germany, Belgium, Spain, Italy and
Australia were partially offset by declines to unknown
destinations.
    Soybean oil sales of 5,400 tonnes were the result of
increases for Venezuela and reductions of 500 tonnes for
unknown destinations.
    Combined sales activity in cotton of 75,200 running bales
-- 44,700 bales for the current year and 30,500 bales for the
1987/88  bales -- were 56 pct below the prior week's good
showing, the department said.
    Major purchasers for the current season were South Korea,
Japan, Taiwan and Thailand, while South Korea and Indonesia
were the major buyers for the 1987/88 season, which begins
August 1.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2617>
The Canadian Import Tribunal ruled today
subsidized U.S. corn imports were injurious to Canadian growers
and upheld a countervailing duty of 84.9 U.S. cts a bushel set
earlier this year.
    The ruling is the result of trade action launched in 1985
by the Ontario Corn Producers Association that contended U.S.
subsidies were driving American corn prices below Canadian
production costs.
    A spokesman for the Department of Revenue said a study of
the level of the duty will be undertaken in the next six months
to determine if it should be adjusted.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2727>
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard
Lyng said he is "very disappointed" by a Canadian government
finding that U.S. corn has injured Ontario Corn growers.
    "This action is not helpful in the context of the ongoing
U.S.-Canada free trade talks or in the new round of
multilateral trade negotiations," Lyng said in a statement.
    The Canadian government today said Ottawa would continue to
apply a duty of 84.9 cents per bushel on U.S. corn imports.
    Lyng said the U.S. made a case that U.S. corn imports are
not the cause of any problem of Canadian corn producers, adding
that U.S. corn exports to Canada are declining.
    "Apparently they (Canada) have ignored the fact that
Canadian corn and other coarse grain production is rising
faster than consumption," Lyng said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2741>
The U.S. National Association of
Wheat Growers (NAWG) urged the Reagan administration offer the
Soviet Union wheat under the export enhancement program (eep).
    In a letter to Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng, NAWG
stated its "strong support" for an eep offer to Moscow.
    "We believe that a solid case continues to exist for Soviet
EEP eligibility, and the recently announced and reported Soviet
purchases of U.S. corn indicate a Soviet willingness to
purchase U.S. grain if it is competitively priced," NAWG said.
    "Consequently, we believe it is important to renew the U.S.
eep offer and do all that is reasonably possible to ensure
mutual adherence to the terms of the U.S.-Soviet grain
agreement," the letter said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2749>
U.S. trade representative Clayton
Yeutter said Canada's finding announced today that U.S. corn
imports injure Canadian farmers is "totally unjustified."
    "U.S. corn exports to Canada are so small that it is
inconceivable that they injure Canadian corn farmers by any
reasonable measure," Yeutter said in a statement.
    He said if other countries follow Canada's lead it could
result in "a rash of protectionist actions throughout the
world." French corn growers have recently indicated they will
challenge U.S. corn gluten feed shipments to Europe.
    Yeutter said the U.S. will examine the Canadian decision
closely and if the U.S. believes the decision was not based on
facts, "will carefully evaluate appropriate responses." Yeutter
did not say what steps the U.S. may take in response.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2777>
The Minneapolis Grain Exchange (MGE)
will start trading futures contracts in high fructose corn
syrup on April 6 if the Commodity Futures Trading Commission
(CFTC) approves the contract as expected next week.
    Pat Henderson, spokesperson for the MGE, said the exchange
expects contract approval at CFTC's Tuesday meeting. It has
been under review since the exchange submitted the proposal in
December, 1985.
    The proposed contract is based on 48,000 pound lots of
55-pct high fructose corn syrup, the equivalent of one tank
truck of the sweetening agent derived from corn in the wet
milling process. The syrup, commonly called HFCS-55, is most
commonly used as a sweetener in soft drinks and other
beverages.
    Delivery would be by shipping certificate from production
facilities designated by the exchange. The contract, designated
by the symbol "HF," would trade from 0900 to 1315 CST. Months
traded would correspond with the Chicago corn futures months of
March, May, July, September and December.
    Contract price will be quoted per hundred weight, with a
minimum price fluctuation of one cent and maximum fluctuation
of one dlr per CWT.
    "We hope the producers and users of fructose will be
actively involved, those producers being the large processors,
the corn wet millers, and the users being the beverage
bottlers," Henderson said. "But there are potentials for all
types of people to use it. There is quite a list of industries
that utilize fructose."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2848>
The U.S. Feedgrains Council is
surprised and disappointed by the Canadian Import Tribunal's
decision that imports of corn from the U.S. are materially
injuring Canadian corn producers, a council spokesman said.
    "At a time when the world is attempting to liberalize trade
in the new rounnd of multilateral negotiations, it is
incomprehensible that a country that stands to gain so much
from the reduction in agricultural trade barriers would
threaten that process by caving in to pressures for
protectionism," council president Darwin E. Stolte said.
    Canada's finding will strain the U.S./Canadian trading
relationship, could damage the future of U.S. feedgrains 
support for the free trade negotiations, and also negatively
impact farm trade reform with other nations, the council said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2913>
Canada's ruling in favor of a duty on
U.S. corn was a keen disappointment to the National Corn
Growers Association and has set a dangerous precedent for other
nations to follow, said Mike Hall, lobbyist for the
association.
    "The French corn growers will clearly charge ahead now and
just change corn to corn gluten feed" in their complaint, Hall
told Reuters.
    A Canadian government agency ruled today that U.S. farm
policies are causing injury to Canadian corn farrmers and
supported an earlier imposed countervailing duty of about 85
cts per bushel.
    "This was cleary a political decision," Hall said. "The
amount of corn we export to Canada is insignificant."
    The unexpected ruling appeared to be based on the agrument
that Canada bases its corn prices on U.S. futures prices and
that American farm policy has driven down these prices, thus
causing lower prices to Canadian farmers and larger government
payments through its farm stabilization program, Hall said.
    Hall said this is a new definition for injury, but that
other nations might also now apply this same argument to attack
U.S. farm programs.
    The French corn growers could now charge that U.S. farm
programs create an unfair subsidy for corn gluten feed, Hall
said. The French have long wanted to control the imports of
U.S. corn gluten feed into the community, saying that the
imported feed was unfairly displacing European grain.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2922>
An American Farm Bureau
Federation (AFBF) official said that far from hurting Canadian
corn producers, U.S. farm programs benefit all foreign
producers.
    AFBF president Dean Kleckner made the comments in response
to the ruling earlier today by the Canadian Import Tribunal
that subsidized U.S. corn imports were injurious to Canadian
growers. The tribunal upheld a countervailing duty of 84.9 U.S.
cents a bushel.
    "Farm Bureau specialists went to Ottawa and testified
previous U.S. farm programs have actually benefited all foreign
producers by reducing the amount of corn grown in the U.S. (and
losing market share), while exerting an upward influence on the
price of corn Worldwide," he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2947>
A government official said that a
decision by Brazil not to import maize because it forecast a
record harvest would not affect Argentina's exports.
    "We have heard nothing about this, but if Brazil has decided
not to import maize that is no problem for us as it is not one
of our main customers," Agriculture, Livestock and Fisheries
Under-Secretary Miguel Braceras said.
    Private sources also said Argentina's exports would not be
affected by Brazil's decision, which Agriculture Minister Iris
Resende announced yesterday in Sao Paulo.
    Brazil had not asked for any Argentine maize, they said.
    They also said a smaller crop and adverse weather this
summer in Argentina had reduced production.
    Braceras said that last year Brazil bought 800,000 tonnes
of Argentine maize but in some years it had not imported any
from Argentina.
    The Soviet Union was Argentina's main customer and Japan
was also becoming a bigger importer of the country's maize, he
said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3138>
Over 240 mln bushels of government
grain have been allocated in redemptions for commodity
certificates since the program began April 30, according to the
Commodity Credit Corporation.
    Redemptions included 11.4 mln bushels of corn valued at
17.0 mln dlrs, or an average per-bushel price of 1.492 dlrs,
since the current grain catalogs were issued December 1 by CCC.
    Wheat redemptions totaled 9.6 mln bushels, valued at 23.7
mln dlrs, since December 1.
 More
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3191>
The staff of the Commodity Futures
Trading Commission, CFTC, recommended that the regulatory
agency approve the Minneapolis Grain Exchange's application to
trade high fructose corn syrup-55, HFCS-55, futures contracts.
    The commission is expected to approve the application at a
meeting tomorrow.
    The proposed contract would provide for the delivery of
48,000 lbs, plus or minus two pct, of bulk HFCS-55, a liquid
food and beverage sweetener produced through processed corn
starch by corn refiners.
    Under proposed rules, a shipping certificate has a limited
life, as it expires 30 days following the last day of trading
of the expiring contract month. A premium charge of 14.40 dlrs
per contract per day would be assessed under the proposal.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3282>
The USDA's weekly export inspection
report is expected to show a decline in soybean exports and
steady to slightly lower corn and wheat exports, according to
CBT floor traders' forecasts.
    Traders projected soybean exports at 15 mln to 16 mln
bushels, down from 20.3 mln bushels a week ago and 25.5 mln
bushels a year ago.
    Corn guesses ranged from 20 mln to 25 mln bushels, compared
with 21.9 mln bushels a week ago and 28.2 mln a year ago.
    Wheat guesses ranged from 13 mln to 18 mln bushels,
compared with 14.1 mln bushels a week ago and 17.9 mln a year
ago.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3306>
The Agriculture Department will have
to release an estimated 1.6 billion dlrs worth of in-kind
certificates, or certs, to corn farmers this fall if USDA
decides to maintain an equal split of total 1986 feedgrain
deficiency payments in cash and certs, USDA officials said.
    Final 1986 crop deficiency payments will be available to
feed grain producers in October. Wheat deficiency payments for
the 1986 crop, now complete, were made in a 50/50
cash-certificate split, and USDA officials have indicated they
want to do the same for feedgrains.
    Over 3.2 billion dlrs of an estimated 6.0 billion in corn
deficiency payments have already been announced, with 1.42
billion dlrs (43 pct) set in certificates. The final payment
must be 1.6 billion dlrs in certs (57 pct) for a 50/50 split.
    However, the release this month of almost 600 mln dlrs of
deficiency payments was equally divided in cash and certs,
doing nothing to bring up the percentage of certs.
    Some USDA analysts said the payments reflected hesitation
from the Office of Managament and Budget to allow another huge
release of certs onto the market.
    Bills are pending in Congress to move up the final
feedgrain deficiency payment to "as soon as five months after
harvest as possible," rather than the current year lag time.
    Neither Rep. Edward Madigan (R-Ill.) nor Sen. Bob Dole
(R-Kans.), sponsors of the bills, have brought the legislation
forward. Aides said timing will depend on budget discussions.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3330>
The U.S. Agriculture Department
increased its estimate of Soviet 1986/87 grain imports to 26
mln tonnes from last month's projection of 23 mln tonnes.
    In its monthly USSR Grain Situation and Outlook, USDA said
the increase reflected the return of the Soviet Union to the
U.S. corn market and continued purchases of both wheat and
coarse grain from other major suppliers.
    USSR wheat imports were projected at 15 mln tonnes, up one
mln from last month's estimate and 700,000 tonnes below the
preliminary 1985/86 figure.
    Soviet grain for feed use was estimated at a record 129 mln
tonnes. Record or near-record livestock inventories, along with
a dry fall which likely reduced late season pasturage, and a
cold winter have increased feed demand, USDA said.
    USSR meat and egg production in January rose only slightly
from the previous January's level, while milk production
increased by nearly six pct.
    Unusually cold weather in January and smaller increases in
roughage supplies during 1986 than in 1985 kept livestock
production from expanding as much as it did a year earlier,
USDA said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3337>
French maize producers will ask the EC
Commission to grant permanent maize export rebates following
the recent EC/U.S. Accord guaranteeing the U.S. An annual
export quota of two mln tonnes of maize for Spain over four
years, the French maize producers association, AGPM, said.
    The Commission has already decided to accord rebates for
the export of 500,000 tonnes of French maize, of which rebates
for around 100,000 tonnes have been granted.
    The request will be made when export certificates have been
granted for all the 500,000 tonnes, the AGPM said.
    The association said that the request would cover exports
to all destinations, adding that the Soviet Union, which has
important maize needs, is currently excluded from the list of
destination countries for the 500,000 tonnes of French maize.
    The U.S. Agriculture Department has forecast Soviet maize
imports for the 1986/87 campaign at 4.90 mln tonnes against
10.40 mln in 1985/86.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3358>
The Agricultural Stabilization and
Conservation Service (ASCS) bought 25.7 mln pounds of wheat
flour at a cost of 2.8 mln dlrs for domestic shipment April
1-15 and April 16-30, an ASCS spokesman said.
    ASCS also bought 11.1 mln pounds of bakers flour for 1.1
mln dlrs, 1.9 mln pounds of pasta for 408,258 dlrs, 1.4 mln
pounds of processed cereal products for 304,043 dlrs, 4.8 mln
pounds of corn products for 474,944 dlrs, and 16.3 mln pounds
of milled rice for 2.0 mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3401>
Grain analysts said the increase of
three mln tonnes in 1986/87 Soviet grain imports is unlikely to
affect the market Tuesday.
    They said the market already has discounted higher Soviet
imports, partly on news last month that the Soviet Union bought
one mln tonnes of U.S. corn, and on rumors that the Reagan
administration is pushing for authority to sell the Soviets
U.S. wheat under the Export Enhancement Program.
    In its supply-demand report, the USDA raised its estimate
for 1986/87 Soviet grain imports to 26 mln tonnes from 23 mln.
    "That was business already done, for all practical
purposes," said Drexel Burnham analyst Dale Gustafson,
reflecting similar statements made by other analysts.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3429>
The Soviet Union will likely honor
its commitment with the United States to buy a minimum of four
mln tonnes of corn this year, an Agriculture Department
official said.
    "They have always honoured the agreement, and there's no
reason now to think they won't this year," he told Reuters.
    "They have an aggressive buying campaign from the European
Community, from Canada, from the U.S. They're active buyers
from all sources at this point," the official said in
explaining why the Department raised its Soviet grain imports
estimate today by three mln tonnes to 26 mln tonnes.
    This is a dramatic shift from just a few months ago when
analysts were saying the USSR might not buy any U.S. corn for
the first time in 15 years.
    A drawdown of corn supplies in China and Argentina, concern
over Soviet winter crops, and increasing competition for U.S.
corn were all cited as possible factors in creating Moscow's
recent interest.
    Lower corn production prospects in some major supplying
countries have stirred activity from big buyers such as Japan,
and the Soviets are also closely watching the situation, the
official said.
    "The Soviets will try to out-capitalize the capitalists"
and buy corn before prices get too high, the official said. "As
soon as they need corn, they'll buy it," he added.
    USDA has confirmed one mln tonnes of corn sold to the
Soviet Union, but both U.S. and Soviet analysts have said the
purchases stand at 1.5 mln tonnes.
    The USDA official would not speculate on when the Soviets
would enter the U.S. market again.
    "There has definitely been an evolving mind set -- from the
situation of slow grain buying a couple months ago to one of
frenetic buying now," the official said.
    However, the situation in wheat is "a different story," he
said. Greater world supplies of wheat, heavier Soviet purchase
commitments and less competitive U.S. wheat prices make Soviet
purchases of U.S. wheat less likely, he said.
    Speculation has continued for several days that the U.S.
is considering making an export bonus wheat subsidy offer to
the Soviets, but U.S. officials have provided no confirmation.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3847>
U.S. Senate Republican leader Robert
Dole said Congress should consider legislation to apply the
so-called 0/92 option to producers of major commodities.
    Dole told the National Corn Growers Association that he
thought the proposal, supported by the Reagan administration,
"should be seriously considered" because a refusal to do so could
"play into the hands of those who want mandatory controls" placed
on production.
    However, Dole did not say whether he would support the 0/92
option, which would offer producers at least 92 pct of their
income support payments regardless of how much they planted.
    The Senate Republican leader said the 0/92 option posed two
problems. First, it is viewed, he said, by some as welfare. In
addition, debate on the proposal could open up the whole farm
bill, Dole said.
    Dole also repeated his call for an across-the-board export
enhancement program, saying a subsidy offer to the Soviet Union
could help improve U.S. relations with that country.
    Dole said that the United States has made the decision to
trade with Moscow and that it's important to offer competitive
prices.
    The senator predicted Congress would have to decide this
year whether to require an expansion of the export subsidy
program, which currently targets benefits to recapture markets
lost to other suppliers which subsidize.
    Dole, who last year pledged to offer legislation to require
a marketing loan for major crops but never did so, again called
for the marketing loan for wheat and feedgrains.
    The Reagan administration's proposed farm policy changes
"are not going anywhere" this year, Dole said, singling out the
proposal to cut target prices 10 pct per year.
    Asked by reporters after his speech whether he sensed a
shift in the State Department towards supporting an export
enhancement initiative for the Soviet Union, Dole said he
didn't see any change.
    Dole also said it would be a very close call in the Senate
whether to open up the farm bill to general debate this year.
    Dole said he was encouraged by the selection of Republican
David Karnes to replace the late Sen. Edward Zorinsky (D-Neb.)
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3855>
U.S. Senate Republican leader Robert
Dole (R-Kan.) said he and a group of Republican lawmakers are
considering introducing legislation to extend the ethanol tax
exemption through the year 2000.
    Dole, addressing the National Corn Growers Association
board, said the proposal was under consideration by a rural
task force of Republican members of Congress and governors.
    Gasoline containing at least 10 pct ethanol now receives a
six cents per gallon exemption from a nine cent federal excise
tax. The exemption is to expire the end of 1992.
    Ethanol is produced primarily by a few large agribusiness
firms including Archer Daniels Midland (ADM) and A.E. Staley.
The tax exemption has helped bolster ethanol production despite
a sharp drop in the prices of competing crude oil.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3881>
The Commodity Futures Trading
Commission has approved the Minneapolis Grain Exchange's
application to trade high fructose corn syrup-55, HFCS-55,
futures contracts, the commission said.
    The contract provides for the delivery of 48,000 lbs, plus
or minus two pct, of bulk HFCS-55 meeting specified standards
regarding its physical and chemical properties.
    CFTC said the exchange plans to begin trading a July 1987
HFCS-55 contract on April 6.
    CFTC said the soft drink industry currently buys at least
95 pct of all U.S.-produced HFCS-55, a liquid food and beverage
sweetener produced through the processing of corn starch by
corn refiners.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3949>
The recent purchase of 1.5 mln
tonnes of U.S. corn by Japan and 600,000 tonnes by South Korea
suggests that the two countries' demand for reliable supplies
of corn is increasing, the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    In its World Production and Trade Report, the department
said that view is reinforced by the expectation of a decline in
exportable supplies of Argentine corn and uncertainty over the
availability of South African and Chinese corn.
    With these corn purchases, Japan is committed to buying 7.7
mln tonnes of U.S. corn in 1986/87 (Sept-Aug), nearly 400,000
tonnes greater than year-ago figures to date.
    South Korea's cumulative commitments amount to 2.5 mln
tonnes, up 1.5 mln compared to last year, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3979>
Enrollment in the U.S. Agriculture
Department's fourth conservation signup is expected to be
announced tomorrow, and USDA officials said the figure may be
higher than total enrollment for the first three signups.
    Enrollment will be in the range of seven to 12 mln acres,
USDA conservation specialists said. Total enrollment so far in
the 10-year conservation program is 8.9 mln acres.
    Producers submitted bids to enter 11 to 12 mln acres into
the program, Milton Hertz, administrator for USDA's
Agricultural Stabilization and Conservation Service said at a
congressional hearing yesterday. Not all the bids will be
accepted, Hertz said, but enrollment is expected to be high.
    As in the first three signups, the Great Plains area is
expected to attract the greatest enrollment.
    "The Great Plains area will be the predominate area which
we'll get signup in," a USDA conservation specialist said.
    Marginal corn acreage will likely be the bulk of the
acreage pulled from that area, he said.
    Fringe soybean acres in the southeast and some bean acreage
in the midwest are also expected to be taken out of production,
but the USDA source said this would be a relatively small
percent of the total.
    A special two dlr bonus to corn producers who enroll part
of their corn base acreage into the program has sparked more
interest in this latest signup, USDA officials said.
    Under the program, USDA pays farmers annual rents to take
land out of production for 10 years. The average rent payment
accepted in the first three signups was 43.50 dlrs per acre.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3981>
Heavy rains fell again in
Argentina's main grain growing areas in the week to yesterday,
trade sources said.
    Rains fell heaviest early in the week, and in particularly
high volume in Buenos Aires province, Cordoba, La Pampa and
Santa Fe provinces.
    Rainfall totalled between 20 and 290 mm in Buenos Aires,
heaviest in western sectors of the province, 20 to 145 mm in La
Pampa, 25 to 120 mm in Cordoba, and 10 to 75 mm in Santa Fe.
Rainfall was lighter in other provinces.
    Rainfall totalled from five to 50 mm in Corrientes, five to
31 mm in San Luis, five to 30 mm in Entre Rios, three to 20 mm
in Misiones, 11 to 17 mm in Formosa and one to eight mm in
Chaco.
    Growers said it was still too early to tell whether the
rains had damaged crops, though they said maize and sunflower
crops may have suffered.
    Harvesting of both those crops and sorghum was paralysed by
the bad weather. For harvesting to resume as normal, the rains
would have to stop long enough for the soil to dry and allow
farm machinery to operate.
    The rains caused flooding in western and northwestern
Buenos Aires, as more than 750 mm have fallen in some areas
there since February 23 while the annual average is 1,200 mm.
    Flooded areas total between 1.2 and 1.5 mln hectares,
Buenos Aires province governor Alejandro Armendariz said after
flying over the flooded area.
    Agriculture Secretary Ernesto Figueras said only 500,000
hectares of the area now flooded had been planted, and that
200,000 to 300,000 hectares could be lost. Growers said large
parts of the flooded areas were not planted because they are
low-lying and flood easily.
    Trade sources said it was certain crops were damaged by the
heavy rains but it was too early to tell the exact extent of
the damage. They said it was likely rain combined with high
winds uprooted many sunflower and maize plants.
    The sunflower harvest moved forward in the centre and south
of Cordoba and Santa Fe and got underway in a few isolated
areas of northern Buenos Aires. Growers have harvested between
15 and 18 pct of total planted area, up from seven to nine pct
a week ago.
    Estimates of the total volume of the sunflower crop were
revised downward in light of the bad weather.
    Estimates for total crop ranged from 2.3 to 2.6 mln tonnes,
down from 2.4 to 2.7 mln tonnes estimated last week and down
34.1 to 41.5 pct from last year's record harvest of 4.1 mln
tonnes.
    Maize harvesting also advanced, reaching between 13 and 15
pct of total planted area compared to seven to nine pct a week
ago. The maize harvest is expected to total between 10 and 10.2
mln tonnes, down from the 10 to 10.4 mln tonnes estimated a
week ago.
    Last year's maize harvest totalled 12.8 mln tonnes,
according to official figures.
    Soybean production estimates were revised downward, to 7.8
to 8.2 mln tonnes compared to estimates of eight to 8.4 mln
tonnes a week ago. Last year's soybean harvest totalled 7.1 mln
tonnes, according to official figures.
    Sorghum harvesting moved slowly forward, reaching between
four and six pct of total planted area, compared to two to four
pct a week ago.
    Sorghum production estimates remained steady at 3.2 to 3.5
mln tonnes, down 16.7 to 22 pct from the 4.1 to 4.2 mln tonnes
produced in the last harvest.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4047>
Taiwan's maize import commitments are
expected to rise to 970,000 tonnes in the first four months of
1987 from 870,000 tonnes a year earlier, a spokesman for the
Joint Committee of Maize Importers told Reuters.
    He said more than 75 pct of the imports come from the U.S.
And the rest from South Africa.
    The maize import target for calendar 1987 is set at well
over 3.4 mln tonnes compared with an actual 3.07 mln in 1985,
he added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4133>
A Japanese real estate company
said it will launch a campaign to sell land in U.S. Farming
areas to rich Japanese.
    Higashi Nippon House said it would offer around 2,200 acres
of land in Illinois, California, Florida and Indiana from early
April to gauge response. It set up International Farm Corp of
America in Chicago last September to oversee the operation.
    American farmers would continue as working tenants and part
of the profits from harvests of rice, corn, soybean and oranges
would go to the Japanese investors as rental.
    Japanese Agriculture Ministry officials told Reuters sales
were limited to farmers to keep land in agricultural use.
    "Two years ago, I began to seek my own farmland in Japan,"
said Isao Nakamura, president of Higashi Nippon. "However, sale
of Japanese farmland is strictly controlled by the government,
so I began to look for the land in the U.S to make my dream to
own farm land come true."
    Nakamura said hundreds of companies exist in the U.S. To
sell farmland to investors as more and more farmers face
difficulties due to the recession in U.S. Agriculture.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4289>
A Portuguese court has made a
preliminary ruling that the state grain buying agency EPAC
should not be allowed to take part in public import tenders
open to private importers, grain traders and officials said.
    Under the terms of Portugal's January 1986 accession to the
European Community, EC, a grain import monopoly held by EPAC
(Empresa Publica de Abastecimento de Cereais) is being reduced
by 20 pct annually until all imports are liberalised in 1990.
    Private traders protested last year that EPAC was being
permitted to take part in tenders open to them for the first
liberalised 20 pct share of the country's annual import needs.
The grain and oilseed importers association ACICO opened legal
proceedings to stop EPAC participating in the public tenders.
    Miguel Ascensao of ACICO told Reuters that Lisbon's civil
court, in a preliminary ruling, had decided EPAC should not be
allowed to take part in tenders open to private traders.
    Trade sources said the ruling, though effective
immediately, was subject to appeal and would have to be
confirmed in further proceedings.
    A member of the government Cereals Market Commission said
that, as a result of the court's decision, the Commission would
not be able to accept offers from EPAC in a public tender being
held today for the import of 80,000 tonnes of corn.
    Ascensao said the court ruling stated that EPAC's
participation in the public tenders violated the clauses of
Portugal's EC accession treaty dealing with the gradual
dismantling of the state agency's import monopoly.
    It also said the participation of EPAC, which still
controls the national grain storage and distribution network,
was unfair competition to the private traders.
    Traders said they believed the EC's Executive Commission
was unlikely to get involved in the dispute, preferring to
leave the case to be resolved as an internal Portuguese issue.
    "They (the EC Commission) will be keeping a low profile," one
trader said.
    ACICO says it is ready to take its case to Brussels if
necessary.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4296>
The European Community's, EC, cereal
management committee granted export licences for 5,000 tonnes
of quality soft bread-making wheat at a maximum export rebate
of 134.75 European currency units, Ecus, per tonne, traders
said.
    The committee also granted export certificates of 35,000
tonnes of barley at 137.35 Ecus per tonne, but rejected all
bids for the export of soft feed wheat, they said.
    Certificates were also granted for the export of 15,000
tonnes of maize at a maximum rebate of 132.90 Ecus per tonne,
the traders said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4382>
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard
Lyng said he was not sure a long-term U.S.-Soviet grain
agreement would be worth extending when it expires next year.
    "It hasn't been worth much in the last two years....They
haven't lived up to the agreement as I see it," Lyng said in an
interview with Reuters.
    "It would be my thought that it's not worth any effort to
work out an agreement with someone who wants the agreement to
be a one-sided thing," he said.
    However, Lyng said he did not want to make a "definitive
commitment one way or another at this point."
    Under the accord covering 1983-88, the Soviets agreed to
buy at least nine mln tonnes of U.S. grain, including four mln
tonnes each of corn and wheat.
    Moscow bought 6.8 mln tonnes of corn and 153,000 tonnes of
wheat during the third agreement year, which ended last
September, and this year has bought one mln tonnes of corn.
    Lyng said he had no knowledge of how much U.S. grain Moscow
would buy this year.
    "I've seen people making comments on that and I don't know
how they know, unless they talk to the Soviets," he said. "I have
no knowledge, and I really don't think anyone other than the
Soviets have any knowledge."
    Lyng said he thought the Soviets bought U.S. corn last
month because "they needed it and because the price was right."
    "Our corn has been pretty reasonably priced. And I think
they've always found that our corn was good," he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4490>
Implementation of a one-year 0/92
pilot program for wheat and feedgrains was strongly promoted
today by the chairman of a key house agriculture subcommittee
as a way to cut farm costs and simultaneously give farmers
another option when making their planting decisions.
    "We have a budget driven farm policy. It may be a shame,
but we are locked into this," said Dan Glickman, (D-Kans.),
chairman of the subcommittee on wheat, soybeans and feed
grains. "We need to look at ways to cut costs and not hurt the
farmer. A 0/92 plan, if properly done, could do both."
    Glickman announced this week plans to introduce a 0/92 bill
for 1987 and 1988 wheat and feedgrains. An aide to Glickman
said that it will probably be introduced next week.
    Glickman said a 0/92 program, which allows a farmer to
forego planting and still receive 92 pct of his deficiency
payment, would not be a major revision of the 1985 farm bill --
only an extension of the 50/92 option already provided under
the current bill.
    It is premature to make any major changes in the farm bill,
he said, but if agriculture has to make further cuts to meet
budget goals, a voluntary 0/92 plan would be better than
sharply cutting target prices, as USDA has proposed.
    A 0/92 plan, however, would not be decoupling, but simply a
different type of acreage diversion program, Glickman said.
    Decoupling -- delinking planting decisions from government
payments -- is too much of a policy change to approve at this
point, he said.
    "I don't think there is any interest in pursuing a
decoupling bill this year. Period. Unequivocal," Glickman said
at the hearing.
    Sen. Rudy Boschwitz (R-Minn.), cosponsor of the
Boren/Boschwitz decoupling plan, said he supports a short term
0/92 program as a move to a more permament decoupling plan.
    Boschwitz plans to introduce a 0/92 plan in the senate. His
plan would guarantee a certain deficiency payment to
participating farmers, require that idled acreage be put to
conservation use only, prohibit haying and grazing on extra
idled acreage, limit participation to a certain number of acres
in a county and provide tenant protection provisions.
    "I know we cannot obtain complete decoupling in 1987, but
we can at least move in that direction," Boschwitz said.
    Robbin Johnson, vice president of Cargill, Inc., testified
in favor of decoupling. Decoupling would end the current bias
in U.S. farm policy towards overproduction and reduce farmers'
dependency on the government, he said.
    A 0/92 plan does not go far enough in decoupling, Johnson
said, and would still encourage farmers to plant.
    Officials from the National Corn Growers Association and
the National Cattlemen's Association said their groups oppose
any 0/92 or decoupling plan due to concerns about reopening the
farm bill and creating more confusion among farmers.
    But when asked if his association were forced to choose
between a ten pct cut in target prices or a 0/92 program, Larry
Johnson of the Corn Growers said they would agree to 0/92
rather than take sharp cuts in target levels.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4599>
There were no shipments of U.S.
grain or soybeans to the Soviet Union in the week ended March
12, according to the U.S. Agriculture Department's latest
Export Sales report.
     The USSR has purchased 1.0 mln tonnes of U.S. corn for
delivery in the fourth year of the U.S.-USSR grain agreement.
     Total shipments in the third year of the U.S.-USSR grains
agreement, which ended September 30, amounted to 152,600 tonnes
of wheat, 6,808,100 tonnes of corn and 1,518,700 tonnes of
soybeans.
    Shipments to the USSR in the second year of the agreeement
amounted to 2,887,200 tonnes of wheat and 15,750,100 tonnes of
corn.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4825>
The Soviet Union is rumored
this morning to have bought up to 1.5 mln tonnes of U.S. corn,
export trade sources said.
    The amount was not confirmed, but the talk was widespread
through the trade. Gulf cash barge basis levels jumped two to
three cents this morning on the rumors, which were expected to
boost futures prices on today's open.
    The Soviet Union recently bought over 1.0 mln tonnes of
U.S. corn, ostensibly as a conciliatory gesture ahead of trade
talks with U.S. agriculture officials.
    Purchases rumored today were seen as a positive factor in
light of a Soviet trade official's statement that the previous
purchase had satisfied near-term needs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4905>
Grain traders and analysts look for a
10 to 12 mln acre sign-up in the USDA's conservation reserve
program, scheduled to be announced after 1400 CST today.
    The USDA probably will accept about 80 to 90 pct of the
acres submitted, they said.
    Total enrollment in the first three years of the program is
only 8.9 mln acres, so the sharp increase expected this year
has underpinned new crop corn futures all week.
    However, some analysts said a 10 to 12 mln acre sign-up may
end up being negative to new crop corn prices, citing trade
talk earlier this year that 14 to 15 mln acres may be submitted
by farmers. Also, acres set-aside under the conservation
program are by definition poor yielding, so the impact on total
corn production will be minimal, they added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4939>
The Soviet Union has been a heavy
buyer of Yugoslav corn since October, purchasing close to 1.5
mln tonnes in the 1986/87 marketing year, according to a report
from the U.S. agriculture counselor in Belgrade.
    Approximately 1.5 mln tonnes of Yugoslav corn have already
been committed to foreign buyers for 1986/87, with most of this
sold to the Soviet Union, the Yugoslav Grain Association
reported to the U.S. official.
    In a report dated March 10, the official said that about
800,000 tonnes of the corn has been delivered, with the balance
of 700,000 tonnes to be shipped between now and June.
    An additional 500,000 tonnes of corn can be shipped from
July-September, the grain associaiton said, so total Yugoslav
corn exports could reach 2.0 mln tonnes, the counselor said.
    Heavier than normal monthly shipping rates for Yugoslav
corn exports are due to the increased use of river barges for
exporting corn to the Soviet Union, the counselor said.
    Monthly corn shipments out of Yugoslavia have averaged
around 160,000 tonnes since October 1, higher than earlier
estimates of 150,000, the official said.
    The Soviet Union has taken an increased share of Yugoslav
corn sales during this marketing year, he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4988>
A greater than anticipated need,
competitive prices and political motivations could be sparking
Soviet interest in U.S. corn, industry and government officials
said.
    As rumors circulated through grain markets today that the
Soviet Union has purchased an additional 1.5 mln tonnes of U.S.
corn, industry and government sources noted a number of factors
that make Soviet buying of U.S. corn likely.
    First, there are supply concerns. Some trade sources said
recent speculation has been that last year's Soviet grain crop
be revised to only 190 mln tonnes, rather than the 210 mln
announced, therby increasing the Soviet need for grain.
    A drop in Argentine corn crop prospects could also affect
Soviet corn buying, an Agriculture Department source said.
    Dry weather in Argentina -- a major corn supplier to the
USSR -- and reported crop problems prompted USDA to lower its
Argentine 1986/87 corn crop estimate this week to 11.0 mln
tonnes, down from 11.5 mln. Argentina corn exports were also
cut by 500,000 tonnes to 6.8 mln tonnes.
    Argentina has already committed four mln tonnes of this
year's corn for export, a USDA official said, with two mln
tonnes of that booked for April-June delivery to the USSR.
    "Significant downside potential" still exists for the
Argentine crop, the official said, which will decrease the
amount of additional corn that country can sell to Moscow.
    "If the Soviet needs are greater than we have been
thinking, then they might need more than what Argentina can
provide during the April to June period," he said.
    Current competitive prices for U.S. corn have also sparked
Soviet buying.
    U.S. corn was reported to be selling on the world market
earlier this week for around 71 dlrs per tonne, Argentine corn
for 67 dlrs -- a very competitive price spread, U.S. and Soviet
sources said.
    "This price difference makes American corn competitive,"
Albert Melnikov, commercial counselor for the Soviet Union,
told Reuters.
    Impending crop problems in Argentina will likely cause
those prices to rise, and with the recently strong U.S. corn
futures prices, the Soviets might feel corn prices have
bottomed and that this is a good time to buy, sources said.
    Finally, some industry sources said that by buying the
minimum amount of corn guaranteed under the U.S./USSR grains
agreement (four mln tonnes), the Soviet Union may be hoping to
convince the USDA to offer Moscow a subsidy on wheat.
    In an inteview with Reuters this week, USDA secretary
Richard Lyng said that no decision had been made on a wheat
subsidy offer, but that such an offer had not been ruled out.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5003>
The U.S. Agriculture Department has
accepted 10,572,402 more acres of highly erodable cropland into
the Conservation Reserve Program, USDA announced.
    In the latest signup, farmers on 101,020 farms submitted
bids on a total of 11,254,837 acres.
    The accepted bids for annual rental payments ranged up to
90 dlrs per acre with an average of 51.17 dlrs per acre.
    Land entered into the Conservation Reserve Program will be
ineligible for farming for ten years and must be planted with
permanent vegetative cover.
    Producers enrolled 1,894,764 acres of corn base acreage in
the conservation program to take advantage of a corn "bonus"
rental payment that was offered by USDA.
    The corn bonus, to be paid in generic comodity
certificates, amounts to two dlrs per bushel, based on the ASCS
program payment yield for corn, for each acre of corn based
accepted into the reserve.
    The state showing the biggest enrollment in the
conservation program during this signup was Texas with
approximately 1.225 mln acres, followed by Iowa with 1.030 mln
acres, Minnesota with 890,000 acres, Montana 875,000 acres, and
Kansas with 842,000 acres.
    Other states showing big enrollment were Missouri with
646,000 acres, North Dakota with 588,000 acres, and Nebraska
with 554,000 acres.
    In the corn belt states of Illinois and Indiana, 217,000
acres and 116,000 acres respectively were enrolled.
    Farm land signed up to date in the conservation program
totals 19,488,587 acres. Bids on the previous signups ranged up
to 90 dlrs per acre with an average of 45.52 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5033>
The 11,254,837 acres of highly erodable
farmland submitted to the U.S. Department of Agriculture for
the conservation reserve program was within trade guesses of
10-12 mln and should have an overall neutral impact on grain
and soybean prices Monday, grain traders said.
    Farmers enrolled 1,894,764 acres of corn base acreage in
the conservation program to take advantage of a corn bonus
rental payment that was offered by the USDA, which may underpin
new crop futures, they said.
    New crop corn prices firmed earlier this week on ideas of a
large sign-up in the program. But traders noted that the poor
yielding acres being set-aside will result in only a modest
decrease in final production figures, since farmers will
concentrate on high yielding land.
    Of a total 11,254,837 erodoble acres submitted, usda
accepted 10,572,402 acres into the program at an average rental
payment of 51.17 dlrs per acre.
    Farm land signed up to date now totals 19,488,587 acres.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5109>
U.S. Agriculture Department (USDA)
figures for highly-erodible land enrolled into the Conservation
Reserve Program were regarded by most grain analysts as neutral
to bearish, although some said a full state-by-state breakdown
would be needed to assess the full price impact.
    "Out of 10.5 mln acres only 1.9 mln acres were accepted in
corn -- That's neutral at best and perhaps bearish to what the
trade was looking for," Dale Gustafson of Drexel Burnham
Lambert said.
    The USDA said it had accepted 10,572,402 more acres into
the conservation program out of bids on a total of 11,254,837
acres.
    Gustafson said he would not be changing his estimate of
planted acreage for corn as a result of the latest figures, but
some other analysts said they would adjust their estimates
slightly. The USDA is due to release planting intentions
figures March 31.
    Indications of a heavy sign-up in the conservation program
recently lowered most trade estimates of corn planted acreage
to 63.0 to 67.0 mln acres from 67.0 to 69.0 mln.
    Richard Loewy, analyst with Prudential Bache Securities,
said there was not enough information to completely assess the
conservation figures. "The 1.9 mln acres on corn is certainly
disappointing," he added.
    The USDA later released the state-by-state breakdown of the
enrollment figures.
    Loewy said the initial figures appeared to be negative for
both new crop corn and soybeans, and might possibly mean an
upward adjustment in planting intention figures.
    Asked about the impact on the flow of generic certificates
onto the market this spring, he said: "The trade was definitely
looking higher, so certificates are going to be less than
expected."
    The USDA offered a special corn "bonus" rental payment to
the farmers to be paid in generic certificates. The bonus
amounts to two dlrs per bushel, based on the farm program
payment yield for corn, for each acre of corn accepted into the
reserve.
    Katharina Zimmer, analyst for Merrill Lynch Futures, said
the conservation sign-up was slightly higher than she had
expected, although she noted that some trade expectations were
considerably higher than the actual figures.
    "I think it is friendly for the market, at least in the
long run," she said.
    Susan Hackmann of AgriAnalysis said there was some
confusion over whether trade ideas of an enrollment figure
between 15 and 18 mln acres referred to the total sign-up or
the latest addition.
    "It seems the trade was looking for more acres to be bid
into the program," she said.
    Hackmann said she would not make much change to her ideas
about corn planting figures as a result of the conservation
sign-up. She added that while some trade guesses were as low as
61 mln acres, she was looking for corn plantings to be in the
high 60's.
    Zimmer of Merrill Lynch said she would be making a slight
reduction of about one mln acres in her planting estimate to
around 64 mln acres.
    New crop corn prices at the Chicago Board of Trade firmed
earlier this week on ideas of a large sign-up in the program,
despite the fact that acres enrolled are generally poor
yielding and not likely to make a substantial difference to
final production figures.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5185>
Tanzania seeks to export a
surplus of 200,000 tonnes of maize from last year's bumper
harvest, agriculture minister Paul Bomani said yesterday.
    The 1986 maize crop was officially estimated at 2.1 mln
tonnes, but only a fraction of this was marketed, with most
grain consumed by the farmers who grew it.
    The state-owned National Milling Corp (NMC) meanwhile said
it is trying to sell 190,742 tonnes of maize stored in
different parts of the country.
    NMC acting general manager John Rubibira said Tanzania has
only 56,000 tonnes of silo storage capacity, concentrated in
Dar es Salaam, Arusha in the north and Iringa in central
Tanzania.
    In addition, the country has 450,000 tonnes of flat storage
capacity, he added.
    Rubibira said the government is planning to build new silos
in the main maize producing areas of Iringa, Mbeya, Ruvuma and
Rukwa.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5338>
Zambia's talks with the World Bank and
International Monetary Fund (IMF) on a financial rescue package
have run into difficulties on the issue of food subsidies, an
official newspaper said.
    The Times of Zambia, which is run by the ruling United
National Independence Party (UNIP), quoted official sources as
saying the IMF and World Bank had refused to continue financing
food subsidies and were pressing the government to explain how
it proposes to pay for them.
    President Kenneth Kaunda tried to abolish maize subsidies
last December, in line with IMF recommendations, but the move
caused maize meal prices to double overnight and led to riots.
    The subsidies were immediately restored as part of moves to
quell the disturbances.
    The Times of Zambia said another major issue in the
government's current talks with the IMF and World Bank was the
remodelling of Zambia's foreign exchange auction.
    The central bank's weekly auction of foreign exchange to
the private sector has been suspended since the end of January,
pending modifications to slow down the rate of devaluation and
dampen fluctuations in the exchange rate.
    The kwacha slid to around 15 per dollar under the auction,
losing 85 pct of its value in 16 months, but since the end of
January has been revalued to a fixed rate of nine per dollar.
    Banking sources said Zambia was persuaded by the World Bank
and IMF to lift its proposed ceiling of 12.50 kwacha per dollar
on the currency's devaluation once the auctions restart.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5467>
A 0/92 program would have very
little impact on U.S. acreage, prompting farmers to idle only
an additional 3.5 mln acres of cropland every year, according
to a report from the Agriculture Department.
    The savings resulting from the additional 3.5 mln acres
idled would be a little over 400 mln dlrs in loan savings, 35
mln dlrs in transportation and storage savings, and 10-20 mln
dlrs per year in deficiency payment savings, the report said.
    The USDA report asssessed the impacts of the proposed 0/92
acreage program for wheat, corn, cotton, sorghum and barley.
Last year, almost 245 mln acres of those crops were harvested.
    "The likelihood that the 0-92 provisiion will cause very
large acreages to be removed from crop production is quite
small," the report said.
    "The returns on typical farms still favor participation in
the usual acreage reduction programs and seeding the permitted
acreage," the USDA report said.
    The 0/92 program, which would allow farmers to forego
planting and still receive 92 pct of their deficiency payment,
would be most used by producers in high production/high risk
areas where cost of production is high, said Keith Collins,
director of USDA's economics analysis staff.
    "In the heart of the corn belt, you would not get that much
participation," Collins said.
    USDA estimated that an additional one mln acres of wheat
would be ildled under 0/92, 1.5 mln acres of corn, 500,000
acres of sorghum and barley and 500,000 acres of cotton.
    Production from these idled acres would be equivalent to 40
mln bushels of wheat, 180 mln bushels of corn, 20 mln bushels
of sorghum, 10 mln bushels of barley, and 500,000 bales of
cotton, the report said.
    "In determining whether to participate, a producer would
need to weigh the expected cash costs of production against the
loan rate ... The risk that market prices may rise above the
expected levels and reduce the deficiency payment also must be
considered," according to the analysis.
    "What you're giving up under 0/92 is the difference between
the loan rate and the cost of production," Collins said.
    For producers with low production costs, that difference is
greater and can be applied to paying variable costs, he said.
Under these cicumstances, farmers would not want to go along
with 0/92. But for high cost producers, 0/92 would be more
attractive.
    Also, as loan rates get lower, Collins said there would be
more incentives to participate in a 0/92 program.
    "I would admit that its impacts would be very marginal at
first, but it is a step towards the goal of separating
production decisions from government payments," Collins said.
    In a speech earlier today before the National Grains and
Feed Association, USDA Secretary Richard Lyng said it is too
late to implement 0/92 for 1987 crops since program signup will
be over by the end of this month.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5518>
U.S. Trade Representative Clayton
Yeutter suggested the U.S. could file a formal complaint with
the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) challenging
Canada's decision to impose duties on U.S. corn imports.
    Asked about the Canadian government decision to apply a
duty of 84.9 cents per bushel on U.S. corn shipments, Yeutter
said the U.S. could file a formal complaint with GATT under the
dispute settlement procedures of the subsidies code.
    Other U.S. options would be to appeal the decision in
Canadian courts, or to retaliate against Canadian goods, a
lower-level U.S. trade official said. However, retaliation is
an unlikely step, at least initially, that official said. No
decision on U.S. action is expected at least until after
documents on the ruling are received here later this week.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5531>
The USDA's weekly export inspection
report is expected to show steady corn and wheat exports and
lower soybean exports, according to CBT floor traders'
forecasts.
    Traders projected soybean exports at 16 mln to 18 mln
bushels, down from 18.6 mln bushels a week ago and 20.3 mln
bushels a year ago.
    Corn guesses ranged from 22 mln to 26 mln bushels, compared
with 25.2 mln bushels a week ago and 22.4 million bushels a
year ago.
    Wheat guesses ranged from 13 mln to 17 mln bushels,
compared with 16.8 mln bushels a week ago and 13.4 mln bushels
a year ago.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5610>
Farmers enrolled over 6.5 mln acres
of program crops in the latest conservation reserve program
signup and around four mln acres of non-program crops,
Agriculture Department conservation specialists said.
    Soybean acreage amounted to less than two mln acres of the
non-program crop acreage enrolled, a USDA analyst said. Heavy
enrollment of non-base acreage in wheat states, of which a big
percentage would be fallow and non-soybean land, accounted for
a large portion of the non-program acreage, the analyst said.
    Wheat and corn acreage comprised slightly over 40 pct of
the total 10,572,402 acres accepted into the ten-year program.
    USDA analysts gave the following enrollment breakdown:
    -- wheat  2,615,140 acres
    -- corn   1,894,764 acres
    -- barley   705,888 acres
    -- sorghum  585,552 acres
    -- cotton   417,893 acres
    -- rice       2,035 acres
    -- peanuts      611 acres
    -- tobacco      285 acres
    -- total program crops  6,512,700 acres
    -- total nonprogram     4,059,702 acres
    -- total enrollment    10,572,402 acres
    USDA analysts are currently working on a complete state
breakdown of crop acreage enrollment and should have it ready
for publication later this week, they said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5636>
The United States has signed a
Public Law 480 agreement with Honduras to provide for the sale
of 12.0 mln dlrs worth of U.S. agricultural commodities, the
U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    The agreement, signed March 11, provides for the sale of
about 75,000 tonnes of wheat/wheat flour worth 8.5 mln dlrs,
15,000 tonnes of corn/sorghum worth 1.5 mln dlrs and 6,000
tonnes of tallow worth 2.0 mln dlrs, the department said.
    The commodities will be supplied in the current fiscal
year, ending September 30, and sales will be by private U.S.
traders on a competitive bid basis.
    Purchase authorizations will be announced as issued.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5847>
Maize deliveries to Zimbabwe's
state-owned Grain Marketing Board (GMB) will fall by over 65
pct this year, following a prolonged dry spell, agricultural
industry sources said.
    They said 1987 maize deliveries are expected to decline to
around 520,000 tonnes from 1.6 mln tonnes last year. About 60
pct of the maize will be delivered by large-scale commercial
farmers and the balance by small-scale peasant producers.
    Although this will be the lowest level of maize deliveries
since 1980, the sources said there is no danger of a food
shortage in Zimbabwe.
    While annual maize consumption is estimated at 750,000
tonnes, the GMB stockpile is currently around 1.8 mln tonnes,
which means that even with the sharply reduced production this
year Zimbabwe has enough maize for the next three years.
    The sources said the lower maize crop would be offset by a
25 pct increase in cotton production to 315,000 tonnes from
248,000 tonnes last year, and by a rise of 20 pct in soybean
deliveries to 100,000 tonnes from 84,000 tonnes in 1986.
  REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5933>
Taiwan is scheduled to tender tonight
for 450,000 to 475,000 tonnes U.S. corn, export sources said.
    The tender calls for 11 cargoes for delivery from April
through October with early shipments FOB or Pacific Northwest,
they said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6142>
Dry weather pushed further into
South Africa's Orange Free State's Maize Triangle in the week
ended March 14, the Joint Agricultural Weather Facility of the
U.S. Agriculture and Commerce Departments said.
    In a summary of its Weather and Crop Bulletin, the agency
said scattered showers continued throughout Transvaal, but dry
pockets persisted in the northeast and south.
    Temperatures average one to four degrees C above normal
throughout all grain areas, stressing grain-filling corn in
areas receiving lightest rainfall, it said.
    The agency said rainfall during February was near to above
normal in most areas, but earlier periods of hot, dry weather
reduced yield prospects in parts of the northern Transvaal and
southern Orange Free State.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6221>
Honduras has been authorized to buy
about 75,000 tonnes of U.S. wheat, about 15,000 tonnes of U.S.
corn, and about 6,000 tonnes of U.S. tallow under an existing
PL 480 agreement, the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    The department said it may buy the wheat, valued at 8.5 mln
dlrs, the corn, valued at 1.5 mln, and the tallow, valued at
2.0 mln dlrs, between March 24 and August 31, 1987, and ship it
from U.S. ports and/or Canadian transshipment points by this
September 30.
    The purchase authorizations cover the entire quantity
provided under the agreement, signed March 11.
 
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6239>
The U.S. Agriculture Department said
private U.S. exporters reported sales of 350,000 tonnes of corn
for delivery to unknown destinations during the 1986/87
marketing season.
    The marketing year for corn began September 1.
    This is the second day running that exporters have reported
corn sales to unknown destinations. Yesterday, they reported
sales of 150,000 tonnes to unknown.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6259>
From April through December 1986,
the Commodity Credit Corporation (CCC) issued 3.85 billion dlrs
worth of generic certificates and about 1.8 billion had not
been exchanged by January 1, 1987, the U.S. Agriculture
Department said.
    The department said an additional 4.3 billion dlrs in
certificates has been authorized for issuance during
January-August, 1987.
    These certificates will provide ample free supplies of corn
and wheat for the remainder of the crop year, the department
said in a summary of its Agricultural Outlook report.
    Freeing of stocks through certificates is making U.S. grain
more competitive on world markets, it said.
    The department said last summer, for example, certificates
were exchanged for 215 mln bushels of corn. This helped
increase marketable supplies, so farm-level corn prices
averaged about two dlrs per bushel -- somewhat lower than they
would have otherwise.
    The lower prices probably led to an increase in usage of 40
to 50 mln bushels, it said.
    The department said government spending on farm programs in
fiscal year 1987 is projected to fall half a billion dlrs from
1986's 25.8 billion dlrs.
    During 1988 and 1989, the cost escalation of the first half
of the 1980's will reverse. If current policy remains in force,
annual farm program spending by 1992 will be down from last
year's record by more than eight billion dlrs, it said.
    The department said the President's budget proposals for
1988-1992 would cut farm program spending an additional 24
billion dlrs.
    In 1987, foreign economic growth is expected to remain
close to 2.6 pct, the same as in 1986, but above the 2.4 pct
average of 1980-86, it said.
    Partially because of this improvement, U.S. export volume
is expected to rise in fiscal 1987 for the frist time in seven
years, the department said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6269>
Seven major U.S. farm groups took
the unusual step of releasing a joint statement urging
congressional leaders not to tinker with existing farm law.
    Following meetings with House Agriculture Committee
Chairman Kika de la Garza (D-Tex.) and Senate Agriculture
Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.), the groups issued a
statement saying lawmakers should "resist efforts to overhaul
the 15-month-old law, which is operating in its first crop
marketing year."
    The farm groups included the American Farm Bureau
Federation, American Soybean Association, National Cattlemen's
Association, National Corn Growers Association, National Cotton
Council, National Pork Producers Council and the U.S. Rice
Producers Legislative Group.
    The statement said Congress should not modify the 1985 farm
bill "so the law might have its intended impact of making
agriculture more competitive in export markets while at the
same time maintaining farm income."
    "We strongly believe American farmers now need
predictability and certainty in farm legislation in order to
have any opportunity of making proper production and marketing
decisions," the groups said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6386>
The joint committee of Taiwan's maize
importers awarded contracts to five U.S. Companies to supply a
total of 462,000 tonnes of maize for delivery between May 10
and October 10, a committee spokesman said.
    Cigra Inc won a contract for a cargo of 56,000 tonnes,
priced at 79.41 U.S. Dlrs per tonne fob pacific northwest port,
for delivery on July 5 and 20.
    Continental Grain Co of New York received three shipments,
totalling 143,000 tonnes, price ranging from 90.95 to 95.75
U.S. Dlrs per tonne c and f Taiwan for delivery between May 10
and October 10.
    Cargill Inc of Minnesota took two shipments, totalling
83,000 tonnes priced between 92.00 and 92.93 U.S. Dlrs per
tonne c and f Taiwan for September 5-20/September 10-25
delivery. United Grain Corp of Oregon won three contracts to
supply 93,000 tonnes priced from 92.32 to 93.19 U.S. Dlrs per
tonne c and f Taiwan for delivery between May 10 and July 30.
    Garnac Grain Co Inc of New Jersey received two shipments,
totalling 87,000 tonnes at 88.90 to 92.29 U.S dlrs c and f
Taiwan for delivery between July 10 and August 10.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6585>
The U.S. Senate Finance Committee
approved nonbinding resolutions urging the Reagan
administration oppose Canada's ruling on U.S corn imports and a
proposed new European Community tax on vegetable oils.
    The resolutions, approved by voice vote, now will be sent
to the Senate floor were they are expected to be approved.
    The EC oils measure, offered by Sen. John Danforth, R-Mo.,
urges the administration to take strong retaliatory measures if
the tax is approved by the EC Council of Ministers.
    Sen. David Durenberger, R-Minn., offered the corn amendment
which urges the administration to file a complaint with the
GATT if the U.S. believes the corn decision by Canada was
unjustified. Canada recently imposed a permanent duty of 85
cents per bushel on U.S. corn imports.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6588>
Recent purchases of U.S. corn by the
Soviet Union have skewed the domestic cash market by increasing
the price difference between the premium price paid at the Gulf
export point and interior levels, cash grain dealers said.
    Many dealers expect the USDA will act soon to reduce the
cash price premium at the Gulf versus the interior -- which a
dealer in Davenport, Iowa, said was roughly 20 pct wider than
normal for this time of year at 25 cents a bushel -- by making
it worthwhile for farmers to move grain.
    By lowering ASCS county posted prices for corn, the USDA
could encourage farmers to engage in PIK and roll corn sales,
where PIK certificates are used to redeem corn stored under the
government price support loan program and then marketed.
    If the USDA acts soon, as many dealers expect, the movement
would break the Gulf corn basis.
    "The USDA has been using the Gulf price to determine county
posted prices," one dealer said. "It should be taking the
average of the Gulf price and the price in Kansas City," which
would more closely reflect the lower prices in the interior
Midwest.
    "But we don't know when they might do it," an Ohio dealer
said, which has created uncertainty in the market.
    The USDA started the PIK certificate program in an effort
to free up surplus grain that otherwise would be forfeited to
the government and remain off the market and in storage.
    Yesterday, USDA issued a report showing that only slightly
more than 50 pct of the 3.85 billion dlrs in PIK certificates
it has issued to farmers (in lieu of cash payments) had to date
been exchanged for grain.
    With several billion dlrs worth of additional PIK
certificates scheduled to be issued in the coming months, the
USDA would be well advised to encourage the exchange for grain
by adjusting the ASCS prices, cash grain dealers said.
    A byproduct of the Soviet buying has been a sharp rise in
barge freight costs quoted for carrying grain from the Midwest
to the export terminals, cash dealers said.
    Freight from upper areas of the Mississippi have risen
nearly 50 pct in the past two weeks to over 150 pct of the
original tariff price. The mild winter and early reopening of
the mid-Mississippi river this spring have also encouraged the
firmer trend in barge freight, dealers noted.
    The higher transportation costs have served to depress
interior corn basis levels, squeezing the margins obtained by
the elevators feeding the Gulf export market as well as
discouraging farmer marketings, they said.
    "The Gulf market overreacted to the Soviet buying reports,"
which indicate the USSR has booked over two and perhaps as much
as 4.0 mln tonnes of U.S. corn, one Midwest cash grain trader
said.
    But dealers anticipate that once the rumors subside,
freight rates will settle back down because of the overall
surplus of barges on the Midwest river system.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6735>
The Soviet Union's recent corn
purchases from the United States could total as much as 3.5 mln
tonnes, U.S. Agriculture Undersecretary Daniel Amstutz said.
    "We are not sure how much (Soviets have bought) but we think
it could be as high as 3.5 mln tonnes," Amstutz told a House
Agriculture Appropriations Subcommittee.
    He added that China also will need to import more corn this
year than earlier anticipated, but he gave no figures.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6890>
Argentine grain growers reduced
their estimates for maize and soybean production in the current
harvest in the week to yesterday, trade sources said.
    Soybean production for 1986/87 is now estimated to reach
between 7.7 and eight mln tonnes, versus 7.8 to 8.2 mln tonnes
estimated a week ago and eight to 8.4 mln tonnes estimated in
mid-February.
    But even the lowest of those estimates would be 8.5 to 12.7
pct greater than last year's total of 7.1 mln tonnes, according
to official figures, and would be a new record.
    The total area planted with soybeans for this harvest was a
record 3.7 to 3.8 mln hectares and increased 10.8 to 13.8 pct
compared to the 3.3 mln hectares planted last year.
    The change in yield estimates is due to very high
temperatures and inadequate rainfall since early in the year in
the soybean-producing belt of southern Cordoba and Santa Fe and
northern Buenos Aires province.
    The heat and lack of rain combined to leave many soybean
pods empty, especially in Cordoba.
    Intense rains in recent weeks did not affect crops, since
rainfall was slight in most main soybean-producing areas.
    Rains in the week to yesterday were isolated and weak in
Buenos Aires province, totalling between one and 10 mm. There
was no recorded rain in other grain-producing provinces.
    With clear skies and seasonable temperatures, fields were
able to dry in areas that had received heavy rains in recent
weeks, allowing growers to accelerate the pace of maize,
sunflower and sorghum harvesting.
    Crops were considered in generally good condition, though
it is still too early to judge whether the intense rains of
recent weeks caused any long-term damage.
    The maize harvest advanced to between 20 and 22 pct of the
total area planted, compared to 13 to 15 pct a week ago.
    Total area planted with maize for this harvest stood at
3.58 to 3.78 mln hectares, down two to seven pct from the 3.85
mln hectares planted in the previous harvest.
    Total production for the current maize harvest is expected
to reach between 9.9 and 10.1 mln tonnes, versus 10 to 10.2 mln
tonnes estimated a week ago. The new figure is 21.1 to 22.7 pct
lower than the 12.8 mln tonnes produced in the last harvest,
according to official figures.
    The sunflower harvest advanced to between 20 and 23 pct of
total planted area, versus 15 to 18 pct a week ago.
    Total area planted with sunflower for this harvest was two
to 2.2 mln hectares, or 29.9 to 36.3 pct lower than the record
3.14 mln hectares planted in the 1985/86 harvest.
    The current harvest's volume was again expected to be
between 2.3 and 2.6 mln tonnes, or 34.1 to 41.5 pct lower than
last harvest's record 4.1 mln tonnes.
    Yields varied widely from area to area, and growers feared
that heavy rains in recent weeks may have taken their toll on
crops and, consequently, on total production volume.
    The sorghum harvest reached between nine and 11 pct of
total planted area, compared to four to six pct a week ago.
    Total area planted with sorghum stood at between 1.2 and
1.3 mln hectares, or 10.3 to 15.2 pct lower than the 1.4 mln
hectares planted in the previous harvest.
    Estimates for total sorghum production this harvest
remained at 3.2 to 3.5 mln tonnes again this week, or 16.7 to
22 pct lower than last harvest's total volume of 4.1 to 4.2 mln
tonnes.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6897>
Taiwan overnight bought 450,000
tonnes of U.S. number two corn, 14.5 pct moisture, for Gulf and
West Coast shipment in 11 cargoes between May and October,
private export sources said.
    Gulf shipment ranged in prices from 75.17 to 78.45 dlrs per
tonne stowed and trimmed, FOB euqivalent, and West Coast
shipments ranged from 79.41 to 81.02 dlrs per tonne, stowed and
trimmed, FOB equivalent, they said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7062>
The results of a controversial study
of farm subsidies conducted by the Paris-based Organisation for
Economic Cooperation and Development, OECD, show Japan has the
highest agriculture subsidies in the world, and that dairy
farmers benefit more than any other commodity producers from
subsidies.
    Results of the study, which has not been released by OECD
because of objections from some countries, were provided to
Reuters by officials of several countries on condition they not
be identified.
    The OECD study calculates the level of farm subsidies for
the years 1979-81 using a new measure called the producer
subsidy equivalent, PSE.
    The study shows that on dairy products Japan's PSE, or the
amount of aid to farmers expressed as a percentage, averaged
83.3 pct over 1979-81, with the European Community at 68.8 pct
and the United States 48.2 pct.
    For wheat Japan's PSE averaged 95.8 pct, the EC 28.1 and
the U.S. 17.2. Japan's rice PSE was 68.8 pct compared to the EC
13.6 and the U.S. 5.4 pct, the OECD calculations show.
    In coarse grains, Japan's subsidies reached 107.1 pct
compared with 27.9 pct for the EC and 13.1 pct for the U.S.
Japan's beef subsidy was 54.9 pct versus 52.7 pct for the EC
and 9.5 pct for the U.S., OECD concluded.
    For sugar, Japan's PSE was 48.4 pct versus 27.9 pct in the
EC and 13.1 pct for the U.S., the study shows.
    The OECD calculated farm subsidies for other industrial
countries such as Canada, Australia and New Zealand but in most
cases the results were much lower than for the U.S., EC and
Japan, the sources said.
    Subsidies in Argentina and Brazil, two major developing
country producers of commodities, were not included in the OECD
work.
    Officials said they hope to persuade reluctant countries to
release the study soon, perhaps coinciding with the OECD
ministerial meeting in Paris during May.
    Some officials hope the OECD results will be used as a 
basis for negotiations during the Uruguay round of global trade
talks now underway in Geneva.
    British Agriculture Minister Michael Jopling during a visit
to Washington this week endorsed the OECD work as a starting
point for the Uruguay round negotiations on agriculture.
    He said the PSE calculations provide a tool to negotiate
down domestic farm support levels, which are a major cause of
the present crisis in world agriculture.
    However, the OECD study results are controversial because
they highlight the levels of assistance to farmers, officials
familiar with the study said.
    The U.S. Agriculture Department's Economic Research Service
recently published a study of farm subsidies in an attempt to
verify the OECD results and update them to 1982-84.
    In some cases the results were substantially different than
the OECD's, in part because farm policies in both the U.S. and
elsewhere had changed markedly by 1982-84 from the OECD base
period of 1979-81, U.S. officials said.
    For example, the USDA study found the United States
subsidies to corn producers were higher in 1982-84, at 25 to 49
pct, than in the EC, at zero to nine pct.
    French Maize Producers Association president Marcel Cazale,
citing the result of the USDA calculation for corn, told
reporters last week that the United States subsidizes its
farmers more than the EC.
    However, the sources said EC corn subsidies are probably
higher than the U.S. now because of increases since 1984.
    Officials of several countries have been asked to
contribute data to OECD so that the study can be updated to
1985 subsidy levels, a much more relevant measure of the
current world farm situation.
    The updated calculations, which may take several months to
complete, are expected to show substantial increases in U.S.
subsidy levels for sugar because the U.S. imposed restrictive
import quotas in 1982 as aid to the domestic industry.
    U.S. subsidy levels also are increased by the 1985 farm
bill, which sharply boosted government deficiency payments to
grain farmers and applied a marketing loan for rice, officials
added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7215>
The EC Commission granted 25,000 tonnes
of free market barley export licences at today's tender and
80,000 tonnes of French maize, grain traders said.
    The maximum export rebate for barley was set at 137.25 Ecus
and for maize at 129.75 Ecus per tonne.
    All bids for wheat were rejected, they said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7336>
The European Community Commission has
decided to abolish a special tax of eight Ecus per tonne
imposed on exports of Spanish maize, Commission sources said.
    They said the tax, which applies to Spanish sales to EC and
non-EC countries alike, would no longer be required on exports
from Spanish ports south of Valencia.
    The decision was taken at a meeting of the authority's
cereals management committee today.
    The tax had been introduced last September at the same time
as a subsidy of eight Ecus per tonne was brought in for exports
of maize to Spain from other EC member countries.
    The aim of the tax was to prevent the maize imported into
Spain from the other EC states with the help of subsidies from
being reexported back to them.
    The sources added that Spain had received no answer from
the committee to its request that tenders be opened for the
sale to third countries of 450,000 tonnes of maize.
    The request will be considered at the committee's next
meeting, the commission sources said.
    Madrid estimates that it needs to import 1.7 mln tonnes of
maize this year, while an EC-U.S. accord guarantees non-EC
producer sales to Spain of two mln tonnes of maize and 300,000
tonnes of sorghum annually for the next four years.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7395>
The U.S. Agriculture Department said
private U.S. exporters reported new sales of 900,000 tonnes of
corn to the Soviet Union and 350,000 tonnes of corn switched
from previously announced unknown destinations to the USSR.
    The corn is for delivery during the 1986/87 marketing year
and under the fourth year of the U.S.-USSR Long Term Grain
Supply Agreement, the USDA said.
    The department said exporters also reported corn sales of
143,000 tonnes for delivery to Taiwan, with 56,000 tonnes for
shipment in the 1986/87 season and the balance for shipment in
the 1987/88 year.
    The marketing year for corn began September 1.
    Sales of corn to the USSR for delivery during the fourth
year of the agreement, which ends this September 30, now total
2.25 mln tonnes.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7700>
Grain analysts surveyed by the American
Soybean Association, ASA, projected acreage this year at 59.1
mln acres of soybeans and 64.7 mln acres of corn.
    In 1986, farmers planted 61.5 mln acres of soybeans and
76.7 mln acres of corn, according to the February 9 USDA
supply/demand report. The USDA is to release its 1987 planting
intentions report March 31.
    The survey included 15 soybean estimates and 13 corn
estimates and was released in the March 16 Soybean Update
newsletter sent to members.
    Estimates ranged from 56.0 mln to 63.0 mln acres of
soybeans and 59.5 mln to 68.0 mln acres of corn.
    An ASA spokesman said the association plans no survey of
farmers' planting intentions this year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7792>
The Agriculture Department is not
considering any major changes in its pricing system for posted
county prices, an Agriculture Department offical said.
    "We do not have current plans to make any major adjustments
or changes in our pricing," said Bob Sindt, USDA assistant
deputy administrator for commodity operations.
    U.S. grain traders and merchandisers said earlier this week
USDA might act soon to reduce the cash corn price premium at
the Gulf versus interior price levels by dropping ASCS posted
prices to encourage interior PIK and roll movement.
    But Sindt denied USDA is planning any such changes.
    "If people are suggesting that we are going to make
wholesale changes in pricing, we are not considering this," he
said.
    Sindt, however, did not rule out the possiblity of
implementing more minor changes in its pricing system.
    "We are continually monitoring the whole nationwide
structure to maintain its accuracy," he said. "If we become
convinced that we need to make a change, then appropriate
adjustments will be made."
    Sindt acknowledged that concern has been voiced that USDA's
price differentials between the New Orleans Gulf and interior
markets are not accurate because of higher than normal barge
freight rates.
    He said commodity operations deputy administrator Ralph
Klopfenstein is currently in the midwest on a speaking tour and
will meet with ASCS oficials in Kansas City next week.
    Sindt said a number of issues will be discussed at that
meeting, including the current concern over the gulf corn
premiums.
    He defended the USDA differentials, saying that these price
margins reflect an average of prices throughout the year and
that seasonal factors will normally cause prices to increase or
decrease.
    The USDA official also said that only those counties that
use the Gulf to price grain are being currently affected by the
high barge freight tariffs and increased gulf prices.
    When asked if the USDA emergency storage program which
allows grain to be stored in barges was taking up barge space
and accounting for the higher freight rates, Sindt discounted
the idea.
    He said USDA has grain left in only about 250 barges and
that, under provisions of the program, these all have to be
emptied by the end of March.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7917>
There are heightened fears that "El
Nino" may be returning to Peru with an intensity approaching the
1983 disaster, which affected the weather on several continents
and caused widespread damage through floods and drought, the
U.S. Agriculture Department's officer in Lima said in a field
report.
    Continued heavy rains in the northern coastal area,
flooding of several major rivers and mud slides have led to
increased concern, the report, dated March 17, said.
    However, it said official sources still believe that this
year's El Nino will have only weak to moderate intensity.
    EL Nino is a phenomenon involving a shift in winds and
waters in the pacific.
    The USDA report said that so far the El Nino now being
experienced has not had an overall negative impact on
agricultural production.
    Excessive rains in the Piura Pima cotton area may reduce
yields by about 20 pct due to excessive growth too early in the
crop cycle.
    Also insect damage to crops could be more extensive where
excessive moisture exists, it said.
    However, the El Nino has resulted in a much improved supply
of irrigation water in the major dams which will improve
prospects for many crucial crops such as rice and corn, and
slow the decline in sugar production, it said.
    If El Nino picks up momentum, Peru's fishing industry could
receive a setback. But trade sources still believe the fish
catch for industrial processing will reach 5.5 mln tonnes in
1987, almost 20 pct above last year, the report said.
    Water temperatures in the northern fishing areas are three
to four degrees centigrade above normal but still not high
enough to drive the fish to cooler southern waters, it said.
    It said there is still the outside chance that El Nino will
intensify and carry on through late March, April and May
causing problems as crops approach harvest.
    "There appears to be no way to project the course of El Nino
-- only time will tell," the report said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7934>
The Soviet Union's winter grain
crop is likely to have suffered losses due to dry planting
conditions last fall and severe cold this winter, an analyst of
world weather and crop conditions said.
    Grain analyst and meteorologist Gail Martell, author of the
EF Hutton publication "Global Crop News," said in her latest
report that the Soviets may import more grain, possibly wheat,
from the U.S. due to potential crop damage.
    "Compared with last year, the outlook (for the Soviet
winter grain crop) is far more pessimistic," she said. "But
it's still too early to talk about disastrous losses. A lot
will depend on spring weather, not only for the outcome of the
troubled winter grain crop, but also for spring planting."
    Martell said the dry weather conditions last fall probably
prevented optimal seed germination for winter grains. Key wheat
growing areas of the southern Ukraine and North Caucasus
received on 25-35 pct of autumn precipitation, she said.
    The bitter winter cold temperatures -- which broke record
lows that had stood for four decades -- also may have taken its
toll on Soviet winter crops, she said.
    However, she noted that most of the southern grain belt had
ample snow cover, which should have well-insulated the majority
of crop areas from severe frost damage.
    The USSR has already bought 20 to 21 mln tonnes of grains
in the July 1986/June 1987 marketing year, primarily from
Canada, the European Community, Argentina and Australia,
Martell said.
    She cited a number of reasons besides possible crop
problems that might point to additional Soviet import demand.
    Last fall's dry weather may limit livestock grazing on
moisture-depleted pastures, while the cold winter weather
necessitated supplemental feeding to keep livestock healthy.
    Martell was also skeptical of a Soviet claim for a 1986
grain harvest of 210 mln tonnes, and said the Chernobyl
accident may have contaminated more grain than originally
thought and have to be made up with imports.
    However, she said the U.S. remains a supplier of last
resort for the Soviet Union, noting that the Soviets have only
just recently begun their first U.S. grain purchases of the
1986/87 season by buying 2.25 mln tonnes of corn.
    Martell cited USDA statistics showing that since the 1980
grain embargo the U.S. is only a major supplier of grain to the
USSR during years of heavy Soviet demand.
    In 1984/85, the U.S. supplied 41 pct of record Soviet grain
imports of 55.5 mln tonnes. But in 1985/86, the Soviet Union
bought 29.9 mln tonnes of grain and turned to the U.S. for only
24 pct of that total.
    While the USDA Soviet import target for grain for 1986/87
was 22 mln tonnes, many U.S. grain analysts have revised their
estimates of Soviet imports up to 25-28 mln tonnes, she said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8004>
The U.S. Agriculture Department 
formally transmitted to Congress a long-awaited proposal to
drastically slash the sugar loan rate and compensate growers
for the cut with targeted income payments.
    In a letter to the Congressional leadership accompanying
the "Sugar Program Improvements Act of 1987", Peter Myers,
Deputy Agriculture Secretary, said the Reagan administration
wants the sugar loan rate cut to 12 cents per pound beginning
with the 1987 crop, down from 18 cts now.
    Sugarcane and beet growers would be compensated by the
government for the price support cut with targeted income
payments over the four years 1988 to 1991. The payments would
cost an estimated 1.1 billion dlrs, Myers said.
    The administration sugar proposal is expected to be
introduced in the House of Representatives next week by Rep.
John Porter, R-Ill.
    Congressional sources said the program cut is so drastic it
is unlikely to be adopted in either the House or Senate because
politically-influential sugar and corn growers
and high fructose corn syrup producers will strongly resist.
    The direct payment plan outlined by the administration 
targets subsidies to small cane and beet growers and gradually
lowers payments over four years. It also excludes from payment
any output exceeding 20,000 short tons raw sugar per grower.
    For example, on the first 350 tons of production, a grower
would receive 6 cts per lb in fiscal 1988, 4.5 cts in 1989, 3
cts in 1990 and 1.5 cts in 1991.
    The income payments would be based on the amount of
commercially recoverable sugar produced by a farmer in the 1985
or 1986 crop years, whichever is less, USDA said.
    Myers said the administration is proposing drastic changes
in the sugar program because the current high price support is
causing adverse trends in the sugar industry.
    He said the current program has artificially stimulated
domestic sugar and corn sweetener production which has allowed
corn sweeteners to make market inroads.
    U.S. sugar consumption has declined which has resulted in a
"progressive contraction" of the sugar import quota to only one
mln short tons this year, he said. This has hurt cane sugar
refiners who rely on imported sugar processing.
    Furthermore, USDA said the current sugar program gives
overseas manufacturers of sugar-containing products a
competitive advantage. The result has been higher imports of
sugar-containing products and a flight of U.S. processing
facilities overseas to take advantage of cheaper sugar.
    USDA also said the current program imposes a heavy cost on
U.S. consumers and industrial users. In fiscal 1987, USDA said
consumers are paying nearly two billion dlrs more than
necessary for sugar.
    "Enactment of this bill will reduce the price gap between
sweeteners and help to correct or stabilize the many adverse
impacts and trends which the sugar industry is currently
facing," Myers said.
    The following table lists the rate of payments, in cts per
lb, to growers and the quantity covered, in short tons
recoverable raw sugar, under the administration's proposal to
compensate sugar growers with targeted payments.
    QUANTITY            1988     1989      1990      1991
First 350 tons         6.000    4.500     3.000     1.500
Over 350 to 700        5.750    4.313     2.875     1.438
Over 700 to 1,000      5.500    4.125     2.750     1.375
Over 1,000 to 1,500    5.000    3.750     2.500     1.250
Over 1,500 to 3,000    4.500    3.375     2.250     1.125
Over 3,000 to 6,000    3.500    2.625     1.750     0.875
Over 6,000 to 10,000   2.250    1.688     1.125     0.563
Over 10,000 to 20,000  0.500    0.375     0.250     0.125
Over 20,000 tons        nil      nil       nil       nil 
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8140>
Japanese compound feed output fell to
2.06 mln tonnes in January from 2.57 mln in December, against
2.04 mln a year earlier, Agriculture Ministry statistics show.
    January sales totalled 2.07 mln tonnes against 2.59 mln in
December and 2.04 mln a year earlier, while end-month stocks
were 233,003 tonnes against 230,764 and 241,567.
    Base mixes for the January compound feed output included
corn, sorghum and soybean meal.
    Corn use totalled 993,156 tonnes, against 1.20 mln in
December and 896,718 a year earlier, and its compounding ratio
was 48.1 pct against 46.6 pct and 43.1 pct.
    Sorghum use totalled 339,013 tonnes in January against
459,067 in December and 412,743 a year earlier, and its
compounding ratio was 16.4 pct against 17.8 pct and 19.8 pct,
the ministry's figures shows.
    Soybean meal use amounted to 202,546 tonnes against 253,498
and 213,287 and its compounding ratio was 9.8 pct against 9.8
pct and 10.2 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8161>
China's top leader Deng Xiaoping said
China must not import more than 10 mln tonnes of grain, Ming
Pao newspaper of Hong Kong said.
    Customs figures show that China imported 7.73 mln tonnes of
grain in 1986, up from 5.97 mln in 1985 but down from a record
16.15 mln in 1982.
    The newspaper quoted Deng as saying that grain output is
one of several key issues that will influence the whole
development of the economy. It did not give the context of his
remarks. The 1987 grain production target is 405 mln, up from
391 mln in 1986.
    The newspaper quoted Deng as saying that the situation has
reached the point where "pigs are not fed, there is not enough
grain and increases in output have slowed."
    "We should in our overall economic planning put agriculture
in its proper place to reach our target of 480 mln tonnes by
the year 2000," he said. "We must avoid the situation in recent
years of importing more than 10 mln tonnes of grain."
    The paper quoted Deng as saying that the State Council has
decided to raise the price of five grains, including corn and
rice, unchanged since 1978, but it gave no details.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8166>
French sugar group Beghin-Say, which is
49.6 pct owned by Italy's Gruppo Ferruzzi, is to raise its
capital to 703 mln francs from 527 mln through a three-for-one
issue of shares and investment certificates to finance
expansion, president Jean-Marc Vernes told analysts.
    For the first stage Beghin-Say will issue some 2.05 mln new
65 franc shares at 500 francs to increase capital to 660 mln
francs. The share currently trades at 734 francs. Then 658,000
new 65 franc investment certificates will be issued at 400
francs, raising capital to 703 mln francs.
    The capital increase will bring the group around 1.2
billion francs in new funds to finance its expansion plans.
These include the possible acquisition of the Corn Products
maize starch plant at Haubourdin in northern France, Vernes
said.
    Ferruzzi is one of several groups bidding to buy all of
Corn Products' installations in Europe. Apart from the French
plant, these include three factories in each of Italy and West
Germany, two in Britain and Spain and one in the Netherlands
and Denmark.
    Corn Products has put a 650 mln dlr price tag on the
installations, and Beghin-Say estimates that acquisition of the
Haubourdin plant would cost between 80 and 100 mln dlrs, Vernes
said.
    If this bid fails, Beghin-Say would consider acquiring and
developing two other French plants, either in the maize or
wheat starch sector.
    Beghin-Say is also planning to finance European expansion
for its Kaysersberg subsidiary, another major reason for its
capital increase.
    Kaysersberg, which was transformed from a division of
Beghin-Say into a fully-fledged chemical subsidiary last year,
has been holding talks with other European companies on
possible accords, Vernes said. He added the company could be
introduced onto the Paris Bourse in the near future.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8257>
Rain over wide areas has raised the
prospect of good food crops throughout Ethiopia, which suffered
a disastrous drought and famine two years ago.
    Aweke Aynalem, head of the government's Agriculture
Development Department, told reporters prospects were good for
attaining the target of 250,000 tonnes of grain in the present
growing season, one of two each year in Ethiopia.
    Normal crop production in Ethiopia is about 648,000 tonnes
a year, of which 250,000 tonnes are produced from the "belg"
(small) rains which fall at this time of year.
    The belg rains are used to plant quick-maturing crops like
maize and barley. Any shortfall during this period affects
production in the main rainy season, because farmers eat their
stocks of seed.
    Aweke said peasants in Wello, Tigre and Hararghe -- regions
which suffered severely from drought -- were now able to sow
their crops because of the favourable rains.
    The government had distributed large quantities of seed and
fertiliser, and the rains should ensure a good crop.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8273>
Sen. David Pryor, D-Ark., said
he was considering amending the Senate Finance Committee's
trade bill with a provision to require a marketing loan for
soybeans, corn and wheat.
    Pryor told the Futures Industry Association that there was
great reluctance among members of the Senate Agriculture
Committee to reopen the 1985 farm bill, and that a marketing
loan might have a better chance in the Finance panel.
    The Arkansas senator said the marketing loan -- which in
effect allows producers to pay back their crop loans at the
world price -- had led to a 300 pct increase in U.S. cotton
exports in 14 months and a 72 pct increase in rice exports.
    Pryor serves on both the Senate Finance and Agriculture
Committees.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8400>
Portugal's Agriculture Minister Alvaro
Barreto said he disagreed with a court order barring the state
grain buying agency EPAC from taking part in cereals import
tenders open to private traders.
    Barreto told reporters his aim was to have EPAC readmitted
to the tenders.
    Under the terms of Portugal's January 1986 accession to the
European Community (EC), a grain import monopoly held by EPAC
(Empresa Publica de Abastecimento de Cereais) is being reduced
by 20 pct annually until all imports are liberalised in 1990.
    Following legal proceedings by private importers, Lisbon's
civil court decided in a preliminary ruling earlier this month
that EPAC should not be allowed to take part, as it had done,
in tenders for the liberalised share of annual grain imports.
    As a result of this ruling, EPAC was excluded from a March
12 tender for the import of 80,000 tonnes of maize.
    Barreto said, "My objective is put EPAC into the tenders
because it has a right to take part." He added the government
would be studying the court order to see whether or not the
ruling could stop EPAC from participating in future tenders.
    Barreto said there was no reason to exclude any operator,
whether public or private, from the tenders. Private traders
had argued that EPAC, given its dominant position in the
Portuguese grain market, had an unfair advantage over them.
    "There is no reason to make EPAC a martyr of the system,"
Barreto said. He said the EC's executive commission had
accepted the government's view that EPAC should be eligible.
    The Lisbon court ruling stated that EPAC's participation in
the public tenders was unfair competition and violated the
clauses of Portugal's EC accession treaty dealing with the
gradual dismantling of the state agency's import monopoly.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8446>
The EC Commission will decide shortly
precisely how to arrange the import of third country maize and
sorghum into the EC in fulfilment of its agreement with the
United States, Commission sources said.
    Under the accord, reached following U.S. complaints about
the impact on its agricultural exports of Spanish EC
membership, the EC will import two mln tonnes of maize and
300,000 tonnes of sorghum a year up to end of 1990.
    All this produce will be imported into Spain at special
levy levels likely to be below those applying for imports into
other EC countries.
    The sources said it was possible that the Spanish
intervention board would be asked to buy the produce directly
this year, as it was rather late to make other arrangements.
    They added that the choice for future years appears to lie
between a system of regular tenders and the setting of a daily
special levy applicable to Spanish imports.
    There will initially be no tax on re-exports of maize and
sorghum from Spain to other EC countries, although such a tax
could be imposed later, the sources added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8535>
U.S. Agriculture undersecretary Dan
Amstutz indicated the United States is willing talk with the
Soviet Union about the competitiveness of U.S. wheat prices but
would not discuss making U.S. wheat prices "cheap."
    "There sometimes is a difference between being competitive
and being cheap," Amstutz told a Senate Agriculture
Appropriations hearing.
    Amstutz said the difference of opinion between Moscow and
Washington last summer on the level of the U.S. subsidy offered
on wheat to the Soviet Union, was over whether the U.S. wheat
price was competitive or cheap.
    "I think there is a (U.S.) willingness to explore this
issue as it pertains to competitiveness," Amstutz said.
    However, Amstutz added that the United States would not be
willing to discuss wheat prices with Moscow "if the issue is
being cheap."
    Asked later by a reporter what he meant by the distinction
between competitive and cheap, Amstutz would not elaborate.
    Amstutz said it is the U.S. judgment that the long-term
grain agreement between the two countries calls for Moscow to
buy at least four mln tonnes each of wheat and corn annually at
"prices in effect in this country."
    Amstutz made the comments in response to a question from
Sen. Charles Grassley, R-Iowa, about expanding the export
enhancement program to include grain sales to the Soviet Union.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8759>
Rice and corn farmers will receive
the largest payments from the U.S. government during 1987 if
the subsidies are calculated per planted acre, the U.S.
Agriculture Department said.
    USDA said government outlays to rice farmers in 1987 are
expected to reach 403 dlrs per acre planted, followed by corn
at 135 dlrs per planted acre. Government outlays include mainly
deficiency payments and price support loans.
    On a per acre basis, cotton payments will reach 73.24 dlrs
in 1987, wheat 60.30 dlrs, sorghum 54.38 dlrs, barley 27.41
dlrs and oats 2.31 dlrs, USDA said.
    USDA estimates farm subsidies will reach 25.3 billion dlrs
in 1987. The figures were given by USDA officials at a Senate
Agriculture Appropriations hearing yesterday.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8941>
With less than a week remaining to
enroll in the 1987 feedgrains program, Agriculture Department
officials said that final signup will probably exceed last
year's level of 85 pct.
    Enrollment in USDA's basic acreage reduction program will
likely total close to 90 pct, Agricultural Stabilization and
Conservation Service, ASCS, officials said, with 50 to 70 pct
of the enrolling farmers also expected to sign up for the paid
land diversion program.
    The signup period of the 1987 feedgrains program officially
ends at the close of the business day on March 30.
    USDA will release its official signup report around April
15, an official said.
    USDA personnel in the corn belt states of Iowa, Illinois,
and Indiana have been reporting heavy signup activity, an ASCS
official told Reuters.
    A surge of acitivity is expected during this final week of
signup, the official said.
    "A lot of farmers have been dragging their feet because
they were anticipating some changes in the program, but that
doesn't look very likely now," he said.
    To enroll in the 1987 feedgrains program, farmers have to
set aside 20 pct of the program acreage base, and have the
option to idle an additional 15 pct under a paid land diversion
program.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8993>
The U.S. Agriculture Department said
private U.S. exporters reported 200,000 tonnes of corn
previously to unknown destinations have been switched to the
Soviet Union.
    The corn is for delivery during the 1986/87 marketing year
and under the fourth year of the U.S.-USSR Long Term Grain
Supply Agreement.
    The marketing year for began September 1.
    Sales of corn to the USSR for delivery during the fourth
year of the agreement -- which began October 1, 1986 -- now
total 2,600,000  tonnes, it said.
    In the third agreement year sales totaled 6,960,700 tonnes
-- 152,600 tonnes of wheat and 6,808,100 tonnes of corn.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9058>
U.S. corn acreage this year is 
likely to drop to the lowest level since the unsurpassed
acreage reductions of the 1983 PIK year and could rank as one
of the lowest corn plantings in the United States in sixty
years, Agriculture Department officials said.
    USDA releases its official plantings report on March 31.
Agriculture Department analysts said next week's figures will
likely show a sharp drop in acreage to as low as 65 mln acres,
down 22 pct from last year's plantings of 83.3 mln acres.
    Assuming an 18 mln acre drop in plantings, U.S. corn
production will also decrease significantly. Analysts said 1987
corn production could drop by over one billion bushels to
around seven billion bushels.
    Expected signup of up to 90 pct in the 1987 feed grains
program, along with 1.9 mln acres enrolled in the conservation
program, will cause acreage to plummet, Department feedgrain
analysts said.
    "There's no question that there will be a sharp decrease in
corn acreage," one said. "It's difficult for any farmer to not
go along with the program this year."
    Soybean acreage is also expected to decline this year but
at a much slower rate of around four pct, USDA analysts said.
    Soybean plantings could drop to 59 mln acres or below, they
said, compared to last year's level of 61.5 mln acres.
    If analysts' unofficial estimates prove correct then the
drop in u.s. corn acreage will be the largest since 1983 when
farmers idled 22 mln acres in the Payment-In-Kind program.
    Farmers planted only around 60 mln acres of corn in 1983. A
severe drought that summer in major producing states caused
yields to tumble and final crop production to total only 4.2
billion bushels.
    Given normal weather conditions this year, USDA analysts
said the 1987 corn crop could end up around seven billion
bushels, down from last year's crop of 8.3 billion bushels.
    "This kind of acreage reduction will mean a significant
reduction in production," an analyst said.
    A crop of seven billion bushels is close to the annual U.S.
corn usage, so surplus stocks, while not decreasing, would not
increase significantly, a specialist said.
    High producing corn belt states are expected to show the
greatest acreage reductions, based upon historical
participation in government programs, analysts said.
    In contrast, soybean acreage is likely to be cut the most
in marginal producing areas of the southeast and the western
corn belt, a USDA soybean analyst said.
    "Soybean acreage in the eastern corn belt will not budge,"
he said. Neither does he expect any significant acreage cuts in
higher-producing delta areas.
    Soybean production could drop fractionally from last year's
2.0 billion bushels to 1.8 to 1.9 billion, he said.
    U.S. soybean acreage, after soaring to 71.4 mln acres in
1979 from only 52 mln acres five years prior to that, has
steadily declined in the 1980's.
    U.S. corn acreage, with the exception of 1983, has been in
the low to mid 80-mln acre range for the past 10 years. The
highest corn plantings reported in the 60 years that USDA has
kept such records was in 1932 when farmers planted 113 mln
acres and obtained average yields of 26.5 bushels per acre.
    Last year U.S. farmers obtained record corn yields
averaging 119.3 bushels per acre.
    "We have absolutely no trouble producing an eight billion
bushel crop on only 80 mln acres or so," an analyst said.
    Corn acreage will probably level at around 65 mln acres as
long as government program provisions remain the same, analysts
said.
    Currently farmers enrolling in the program are required to
set aside 20 pct of their base acreage and then are eligible
for payments of two dlrs per bushel by idling an additional 15
pct of their acreage.
    "To get to the PIK level of 60 mln acres, we would have to
provide more incentives," an analyst said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9093>
Portugal may have purchased a 30,000
tonne cargo at its tender today for up to 43,000 tonnes of
number two yellow corn (14.5 pct maximum moisture) for arrival
by April 30, shipment via Gulf ports, U.S. exporters said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9094>
Taiwan will tender Thursday, March 26,
for a total of 356,000 tonnes of U.S. number two yellow corn
(14.5 pct moisture) for various Sept/Dec shipments via Gulf or
Pacific Northwest ports, U.S. exporters said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9323>
CPC International Inc officials said
the sale of the company's European corn wet milling business
will remove about 700 mln dlrs of debt and liabilities from
CPC's balance sheet.
    They told analysts the deal, expected to close in
September, and cash flow from other operations will reduce
total debt by about one-third this year. At the end of 1986,
CPC's debt totaled about 1.5 billion dlrs.
    The officials also said the company has no current plans to
sell its U.S. or North American corn wet milling businesses.
    CPC's 1987 capital spending is budgeted at about 250 mln
dlrs, down from about 361 mln dlrs last year, the officials
told analysts.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9470>
A leading U.S. farm-state
Congressman, Jerry Huckaby, D-La., warned he will press next
year for legislation to control domestic production of
sweeteners, perhaps including corn sweeteners, if the industry
fails to voluntarily halt output increases this year.
    "We're moving toward a direction where we could
self-destruct (the U.S. sugar program)," Rep. Huckaby, chairman
of the House agriculture subcommittee dealing with sugar
issues, told Reuters in an interview.
    Huckaby, who told U.S. sugarbeet growers earlier this year
they must halt production increases, said he will deliver the
same message to Louisiana sugarcane growers Friday. He also
said he will soon talk with corn refiners on the subject.
    Huckaby said the campaign to urge a halt to domestic
sweetener output increases is an effort to forestall further
cuts in the sugar import quota, now at one mln short tons.
    "I think if we're talking about dropping (the quota)
another half mln tons, lets say, you're getting to the point
where the program might not work," he said.
    "Ideally, I'd like to freeze things right where we are,"
said Huckaby, leading advocate for sugar growers in Congress.
    A freeze would mean domestic sugar production at about the
current level of 6.5 mln tons, the corn sweetener share of the
U.S. market staying at just over 50 pct, and U.S sugar imports
holding at about 1.2 mln tons, Huckaby said.
    A decision on whether to seek legislation will not be made
until 1987 output numbers are known late this year, he said.
    "I feel like if we didn't expand production, we could
probably hold where we are indefinitely, or at least through
the 1985 farm bill without any changes (in the sugar program),"
Huckaby said.
    However, much depends on whether high-fructose corn syrup
producers continue to expand their share of the U.S. sweetener
market from just over 50 pct, Huckaby said.
    He noted most estimates are that corn sweeteners will
capture at most only another 10 pct of the sweetener market in
the U.S.
    But he said if there were an economic breakthrough in the
production of a new crystalline corn sweetener which further
expanded the corn sweetener share, then U.S. sugar imports
might be eliminated and U.S. sugar output severely reduced.
    Huckaby said he will deliver this message to corn refiner
companies such as A.E. Staley and Archer Daniels Midland soon.
    "This program is advantageous to the corn users. They have
some natural, legitimate self-interest in seeing that the
program is preserved," Huckaby said.
    Huckaby said he has asked sugar industry representatives to
think about how domestic output could be controlled, either
through production allocations, acreage or marketing controls.
    Huckaby also said he would be seeking guidance from the
Justice Department to determine if it would be legal to ask
corn refiners to limit production.
    "I don't know if we will go this route, but if we do
there's a question in my mind at this point in time; can you do
that legally?" he said.
    Asked if he would proceed with production controls without
the support of corn refiners, Huckaby said "You build a fragile
house if you do it that way."
    Huckaby said he understands why U.S. cane and beet farmers
have expanded production, because high sugar price support
means returns from sugar are higher than competing crops such
as soybeans and grain.
    But he said for sugar growers as a whole, expansion would
not be good policy.
    Huckaby said he has tried to stress, in his speeches to
sugar industry groups, that if growers continue to expand, they
may be penalized retroactively under any production control
legislation passed next year.
    Huckaby said Congress is unlikely to approve any changes in
the sugar program this year despite a Reagan administration
proposal to drastically slash the program.
    "The administration proposal is so drastic, that I don't
think it will get up a head of steam," Huckaby said.
    He said even a more moderate proposal to reduce sugar price
support is unlikely to be approved.
    Instead of seeking to slash the domestic sugar program,
Huckaby said the Reagan administration should file a complaint
with the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade against the
European Community's sugar policy. He said EC policies are the
major cause of the depressed world sugar market.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9521>
Argentine grain producers again
reduced their estimates for the total yield of the 1986/87
soybean crop, which will begin to be harvested in mid-April,
trade sources said.
    They said growers now forecast soybean production this
season at between 7.5 and 7.8 mln tonnes, down from last week's
estimate of 7.7 to eight mln tonnes and the 8.0 to 8.4 mln
tonnes forecast in mid-February.
    The new forecast is still higher than last season's record
total production.
    Private sources put 1985/86 production at a record 7.2 to
7.3 mln tonnes -- 4.2 to 6.4 pct lower than the new forecast
for the current crop. The official figure for 1985/86 is 7.1
mln tonnes, 5.6 to 9.9 pct below this season's new estimates.
    Growers in the past week discovered more empty soybean pods
in the main producing areas of southern Cordoba and Santa Fe
provinces and northern Buenos Aires.
    The crop since January has been hit by high temperatures
and inadequate rainfall. Growers fear they may find more empty
pods and have to further reduce their forecasts of total yield.
    The area sown to soybeans this season was a record 3.7 to
3.8 mln hectares, 10.8 to 13.8 pct higher than the 1985/86
record of 3.34 mln hectares.
    The state of the crop continued to be good in general until
last week but intense, heavy rains since could have caused
damage in areas where rainfall was higher than 100 mm.
    Where the rains were less heavy they were considered
beneficial although too late to improve yield estimates.
    The rains also benefitted maize and sorghum crops in
southern Buenos Aires province but are not expected to
influence production forecasts.
    In other areas, especially western Buenos Aires, where
rainfall was more than 200 mm, parts of the sunflower, maize
and sorghum crops not yet harvested may have been damaged.
    The coarse grain crop harvest was interrupted last week by
rains which also reached over 100 mm in parts of Cordoba, La
Pampa and Santa Fe and almost 90 mm in parts of Entre Rios.
    The area sown with maize this season was between 3.58 and
3.78 mln hectares, two to seven pct less than the 3.85 mln
hectares in 1985/86.
    The yield of 1986/87 maize continued to be forecast at
between 9.9 and 10.1 mln tonnes.
    This estimate is 19.8 to 20.2 pct lower than the 12.4 to
12.6 mln tonnes at which private sources put 1985/86 production
and 21.1 to 22.7 pct lower than the official 12.8 mln tonnes.
    The sunflowerseed harvest has covered 23 to 26 pct of the
area sown and continues in parts of central Buenos Aires
although at a standstill elsewhere due to rain and floods.
    A resumption of full harvesting and assessment of damage is
impossible until rains stop and a spell of a week to 10 days of
sunshine dries the fields.
    The area sown this season was 2.0 to 2.2 mln hectares, down
29.9 to 36.3 pct on last year's record 3.14 mln hectares.
    Sunflowerseed 1986/87 production is still forecast at 2.3
to 2.6 mln tonnes, 34.1 to 41.5 pct below the 1985/86 record of
4.1 mln tonnes.
    The grain sorghum harvest was the least affected by the
rains, advancing steadily in Santa Fe and Cordoba and starting
in La Pampa to cover 14 to 16 pct of the total area sown.
    The area sown was 1.23 to 1.30 mln hectares, 10.3 to 15.2
pct less than the 1.45 mln hectares the previous season.
    Yield estimates remained at 3.2 to 3.5 mln tonnes, 16.7 to
22 pct down on 1985/86 production of 4.1 to 4.2 mln tonnes.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9667>
Congress, eager to find budget
savings, launches a review of the U.S. Agriculture Department's
generic commodity certificate program tomorrow, amid signs USDA
and the General Accounting Office, GAO, are at odds over how
much the program has cost U.S. taxpayers.
    The GAO concluded in a preliminary report last week that
payment-in-kind, or PIK, certificates cost between five and 20
pct more than cash outlays, administration officials who asked
not to be identified said.
    USDA officials, however, took issue with the report, saying
it did not take into account storage, handling and transport
savings that accrue to the government. The GAO then decided to
re-examine the costs, sources said.
    The issue is an important one, because congressional budget
committees are known to be considering limiting the use of
certificates as a means of cutting spending.
    Agriculture Under Secretary Daniel Amstutz and GAO Senior
Associate Director Brian Crowley are set to testify before the
Senate Agriculture Committee tomorrow.
    Amstutz is expected to tell the committee that there are
uncertainties in determining the cost of certificates compared
to cash outlays, and that savings to the Commodity Credit Corp,
CCC, almost equal costs, department sources said.
    USDA estimates that it costs the government about 75 cents
to store, handle and transport each bushel of commodity put in
government storage.
    It was unclear whether the GAO, Congress' investigative
arm, would stick by its original analysis that it costs the
government more to use certificates instead of cash in farm
price and income support programs, Reagan administration
sources said.
    The GAO is expected to point out that use of
payment-in-kind, PIK, certificates has helped relieve tight
storage by moving grain that otherwise might not have been
sold.
    The testimony by Amstutz and GAO Senior Associate Director
Brian Crowley comes as congressional budget committees
intensify their efforts to pinpoint ways to cut the federal
budget deficit -- including considering limits on the use of
PIK certificates.
    The CCC issues dollar-denominated PIK certificates, or
certs, as a partial substitute for direct cash outlays to
farmers or cash subsidies to exporters. Certs can be used to
repay nonrecourse loans or exchanged for CCC commodities or
cash.
    Between April and December 1986, CCC issued 3.8 billion
dlrs worth of certificates, according to USDA. Up to another
6.7 billion dlrs worth could be issued between January and
August 1987, according to USDA.
    Certs can cost the government more than cash primarily
because recipients can use the certificates to pay back
government loans at levels below the loan rate.
    Eliminating this practice, called "PIK and roll," would save
the government 1.4 billion dlrs between 1988-92, according to
the Congressional Budget Office, CBO. That estimate, according
to a CBO official, was based on an assumption that certificates
cost the government about 15 pct more than cash payments.
    The Senate and House Budget Committees are known to be
considering curbs on PIK-and-roll transactions among other
savings alternatives.
    The GAO last week reached the tentative conclusion that the
estimated three billion dlrs of certificates redeemed to date
have cost the federal government between 150 mln and 600 mln
dlrs, or between five and 20 pct, more than cash outlays, one
administration official said.
    However, the GAO has decided to reassess those estimates
based in part on USDA criticism, department officials said.
    The broad range of the cost estimate is partly attributable
to the different effect certificates can have on market prices
over the course of a crop year.
    USDA's Economic Research Service, for example, has found
that between June and August last year, the 215 mln bushels of
corn exchanged for certificates lowered the price of corn by
between 35 and 45 cents per bushel.
    Between September and November, however, certificates had
only a marginal impact on corn prices, according to the ERS
study, obtained by Reuters.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9865>
French operators have requested licences
to export 675,500 tonnes of maize, 245,000 tonnes of barley,
22,000 tonnes of soft bread wheat and 20,000 tonnes of feed
wheat at today's European Community tender, traders said.
    Rebates requested ranged from 127.75 to 132.50 European
Currency Units a tonne for maize, 136.00 to 141.00 Ecus a tonne
for barley and 134.25 to 141.81 Ecus for bread wheat, while
rebates requested for feed wheat were 137.65 Ecus, they said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9989>
The Senate voted unanimously to seek
an expedited U.S. probe of Canadian tariffs on corn imports to
determine if the United States should retaliate.
    By 99 to 0, the Senate went on record against the 84.9
cents per bushel tariff approved by the Canadian Import
Tribunal.
    The non binding measure asked for a probe by the U.S. Trade
Representative to determine within 30 days whether the tariff
violates the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, and if so
recommend within 60 days to President Reagan retaliatory action
against Canada.
 Reuter
</BODY>
