<BODY DOCID=327>
Dutch animal feed usage in the first
half of the current season from July through December 1986 fell
7.6 pct to 6.5 mln tonnes from 7.1 mln in the same period of
1985, figures in the latest newsletter from the co-operative
Cebeco-Handelsraad show.
    Tapioca usage fell 9.1 pct to 1.4 mln tonnes from 1.6 mln
in the first half of the 1985/86 season.
    Grain usage fell 6.1 pct to 1.1 mln tonnes from 1.2 mln,
while soymeal usage fell 10 pct to 967,000 tonnes from 1.1 mln.
    Cornglutenfeed usage fell 17.8 pct to 729,000 tonnes from
887,000, but cornfeedmeal usage nearly doubled to 399,000
tonnes from 201,000.
    Citruspulp usage dropped 62.8 pct to 149,000 tonnes from
400,000 tonnes, while rapeseed and meal usage rose 9.6 pct to
217,000 tonnes from 198,000 and sunmeal rose 25.6 pct to
216,000 tonnes from 172,000 tonnes.
    During the whole of the season from July 1985 to June 1986,
Dutch soymeal usage fell 12 pct to 1.9 mln tonnes from 2.1 mln
the previous season, while sunmeal usage rose 25 pct to 408,000
tonnes from 325,000.
    Rapeseed and meal usage during the season also rose 14 pct
to 409,000 tonnes from 360,000, but citruspulp fell 37 pct to
516,000 tonnes from 826,000.
    Meanwhile, the value of exports of agricultural products
from the Netherlands in calendar 1986 fell 5.4 pct to 48.7
billion guilders from 51.5 billion in calendar 1985, figures
from the Ministry of Agriculture show.
    During the same period imports of agricultural products
dropped 13.1 pct to 31.2 billion guilders from 35.8 billion.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2913>
Canada's ruling in favor of a duty on
U.S. corn was a keen disappointment to the National Corn
Growers Association and has set a dangerous precedent for other
nations to follow, said Mike Hall, lobbyist for the
association.
    "The French corn growers will clearly charge ahead now and
just change corn to corn gluten feed" in their complaint, Hall
told Reuters.
    A Canadian government agency ruled today that U.S. farm
policies are causing injury to Canadian corn farrmers and
supported an earlier imposed countervailing duty of about 85
cts per bushel.
    "This was cleary a political decision," Hall said. "The
amount of corn we export to Canada is insignificant."
    The unexpected ruling appeared to be based on the agrument
that Canada bases its corn prices on U.S. futures prices and
that American farm policy has driven down these prices, thus
causing lower prices to Canadian farmers and larger government
payments through its farm stabilization program, Hall said.
    Hall said this is a new definition for injury, but that
other nations might also now apply this same argument to attack
U.S. farm programs.
    The French corn growers could now charge that U.S. farm
programs create an unfair subsidy for corn gluten feed, Hall
said. The French have long wanted to control the imports of
U.S. corn gluten feed into the community, saying that the
imported feed was unfairly displacing European grain.
 Reuter
</BODY>
