<BODY DOCID=104>
The U.S. Agriculture Department
announced the prevailing world market price, adjusted to U.S.
quality and location, for Strict Low Middling, 1-1/16 inch
upland cotton at 52.69 cts per lb, to be in effect through
midnight March 5.
    The adjusted world price is at average U.S. producing
locations (near Lubbock, Texas) and will be further adjusted
for other qualities and locations. The price will be used in
determining First Handler Cotton Certificate payment rates.
    Based on data for the week ended February 26, the adjusted
world price for upland cotton is determined as follows, in cts
per lb --
 Northern European Price               66.32
      Adjustments --
 Average U.S. spot mkt location 10.42 
 SLM 1-1/16 inch cotton          1.80 
 Average U.S. location           0.53
 Sum of adjustments              12.75
 Adjusted world price            53.57
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=235>
Indonesia"s agriculture sector will grow
by just 1.0 pct in calendar 1987, against an estimated 2.4 pct
in 1986 as the production of some commodities stagnates or
declines, the U.S. Embassy said in a report.
    Production of Indonesia"s staple food, rice, is forecast to
fall to around 26.3 mln tonnes from an embassy estimate of
26.58 mln tonnes in 1986, according to the annual report on
Indonesia"s agricultural performance.
    The government officially estimates 1986 rice production at
26.7 mln tonnes, with a forecast 27.3 mln tonnes output in
1987.
    The report says wheat imports are likely to fall to 1.5 mln
tonnes in calendar 1987 from 1.69 mln tonnes in 1986 because of
a drawdown on stocks.
    "Growth prospects for agriculture in 1987 do not look
promising as rice production is forecast to decline and the
production of sugarcane, rubber and copra show little or no
gain," the report says.
    "The modest overall increase which is expected will be due
to significant gains in production of corn soybeans, palm oil
and palm kernels."
    Constraints to significant overall increases in
agricultural output include a shortage of disease resistant
seeds, limited fertile land, insect pests and a reluctance by
farmers to shift from rice production to other crops, the
report underlines.
    The fall in rice production is caused by an outbreak of
pests known as "wereng" or brown plant hoppers in 1986 which
largely offset gains in yields.
    The outbreak has forced the government to ban the use of 57
insecticides on rice because it was believed the wereng are now
resistant to these varieties, and to use lower-yielding, more
resistant rice types.
    The government is depending on increased production of
export commodities such as coffee, tea, rubber, plywood and
palm oil to offset revenue losses brought on by falling crude
oil prices.
    Palm oil production is expected to increase by over 7.0 pct
in 1987 to 1.45 mln tonnes from 1.35 mln, with exports rising
to an estimated 720,000 tonnes from 695,000 tonnes in 1986, the
report says.
    But while production of soybeans in 1987/88 (Oct-Sept) will
rise to 1.075 mln tonnes from 980,000 in 1986/87, imports will
also rise to supply a new soybean crushing plant.
    The report says that imports of wheat, soybeans, soybean
meal and cotton are not likely to decline as a result of last
September"s 31 pct devaluation of the rupiah because of a rise
in domestic demand.
    The report said that Indonesia"s overall economic
performance in calendar 1986 was about zero or even a slight
negative growth rate, the lowest rate of growth since the
mid-1960s. It compares with 1.9 pct growth in 1985 and 6.7 pct
in 1984.
    The dramatic fall in oil prices last year was responsible
for the slump.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=374>
Pakistan cotton production during the
current crop season (Sept/March) reached 7.7 mln bales of 375
pounds each, up 500,000 from last season, Shafi Niaz, Chairman
of the Agricultural Prices Commission, said.
    Official sources said Pakistan was likely to use 3.4 mln
bales of cotton during the current financial year ending June
after 2.96 mln in 1985/86 and 2.70 mln in 1984/85.
    They said consumption would increase due to a rise in
demand for cotton yarn in domestic markets and abroad. Pakistan
produced 540 mln kilos of yarn in fiscal year 1985/86 and
exported 157 mln.
    The State-owned cotton export corporation was likely to
export 3.8 mln bales of cotton during the current fiscal year
compared with 3.86 mln last year, cotton traders said.
    The traders said there would be 1.3 mln bales of cotton
carryover this fiscal year compared with just over a mln bales
last year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1405>
Chicago Board of trade grain traders and
analysts voiced a lot of interest in how farmers planned to
handle their upcoming spring plantings, prompting sales of new
crop months of corn and oats and purchases in new crop soybeans
in the futures markets.
    Professionals in the grains trade think that farmers will
be more willing to stick with corn acres than soybeans because
corn is protected by the acreage reduction program. That gives
deficiency payments to farmers if corn prices stay low.
    Farmers can place soybeans under the loan program if they
sign-up for reduced acreage, but they have no price guarantees.
    With the price outlook for both commodities so dismal,
traders believe farmers will want to stick with a sure thing
rather than gamble on soybeans, even though the new crop
soybean/corn ratio of 2.9/1 would make planting soybeans more
attractive under normal circumstances.
    An announcement late Friday that the USDA will lift the
limited cross-compliance requirement for the 1987 oats crop,
means farmers will be able plant an estimated two to three mln
more oat acres this year than last without being penalized,
traders said.
    Here too, acres some farmers may have been thinking of
shifting to soybeans will now be planted with oats, due to the
more attractive deal from the government, they added.
    Cotton prices are almost twice what they were just six
months ago, which should prompt many farmers in the South to
put soybean land back into cotton.
    One of the reasons for the steady increase in soybean
production in recent years has been a general shift of acres in
traditional cotton producing regions of the South to soybeans,
which are easier to grow, one commercial trader said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1590>
Sen. Rudy Boschwitz, R-Minn., said he
intended to offer legislation that would allow 1987 producers
of wheat, feedgrains, cotton and rice to receive at least 92
pct of their deficiency payments, regardless of how much they
planted.
    Boschwitz told the Senate Agriculture Committee that
applying the so-called 0/92 provision to 1987 crops was
supported by the Reagan administration and would save
approximately 500 mln dlrs, including 266 mln dlrs in corn
payments, 90 mln dlrs in wheat and 30 mln dlrs in cotton.
    The Minnesota senator said he might offer the bill on the
Senate floor or in a conference committee with the House of
Representatives in the event a similar bill before the House
Agriculture Committee is approved by that body.
    Boschwitz told Reuters that neither he nor the U.S.
Agriculture Department had decided whether or how deficiency
payments should be guaranteed to farmers who might choose not
to plant under the decoupling scheme.
    If payments are not set in advance under decoupling, market
prices conceivably could rise, thereby leading to diminished
deficiency payments.
    Senate Agriculture Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy, D-Vt.,
said he wanted to go to conference with the House as soon as
possible on the issue, but would have to study the matter
further before deciding how he would vote on it.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1882>
The package of proposed farm policy
changes that the Reagan administration sent to Congress today
includes a provision that would eliminate minimum price support
levels for upland cotton, rice and soybeans.
    The package, obtained by Reuters, also includes a
provision, outlined in advance by USDA officials, that would
increase the annual permissible cut in the basic price support
levels for all major crops to 10 pct from five pct.
    Under current law, the basic support prices for upland
cotton, rice and soybeans between 1987 and 1990 cannot be cut
below 50 cents per lb, 6.50 dlrs per hundredweight and 4.50
dlrs per bushel, respectively.
    USDA's intention to propose scrapping price floors for
cotton, rice and soybeans had not been disclosed previously.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10062>
Final 1986 crop U.S. cotton ginnings
totaled 9,438,425 running bales, vs 12,987,834 bales at the end
of the 1985 season and 12,544,866 bales at end-1984 season, the
U.S. Census Bureau said.
    The bureau said upland cotton ginnings from the final 1986
crop totaled 9,237,296 bales, vs 12,837,088 bales in 1985 and
12,418,749 bales in 1984.
    American Pima ginnings from the final 1986 crop totaled
201,129 bales, vs 150,746 bales in the 1985 crop and 126,117
bales in 1984, the bureau said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10537>
U.S. cotton farmers are likely to
plant about 10.6 mln acres in the coming season, based on an
average of estimates offered by cotton market analysts gearing
up for the U.S. Agriculture Department's 1987 planting
intentions report next Tuesday.
    The annual report gives cotton traders their first glimpse
of what U.S. production might be in the 1987/88 season, which
begins August 1.
    Trade and commission house forecasts ranged from 10.2 to
10.9 mln acres.
    On March 18 of last year, the USDA reported that cotton
farmers in 1986 intended to plant 9.71 mln acres.
    Four months later, the USDA estimated that 9.67 mln acres
had been planted as of June 1. By January, its estimate of 1986
planted acreage nationwide was 10.06 mln.
    Analysts said their forecasts for even greater acreage in
1987 were spurred in part by belief that this year's good
demand and firm prices will be repeated next year. Analysts
said those factors make cotton a profitable crop.
    "With cotton more attractive price-wise, I think there is
going to be a switch in acreage from soybeans to cotton.
Soybeans are dirt cheap," said Lisbeth Keefe of Cargill
Investor Services, whose comments were echoed by other cotton
market specialists.
    Changes in the U.S. cotton program also could lead to
increased acreage, analysts said.
    They recalled that under the 1986 program, cotton farmers
who used part of their crop as collateral for government loans
were not responsible for the cost of storing that cotton in
government warehouses. But under the 1987 plan, the government
will not pick up the tab for storage.
    Analysts said the change will discourage some farmers from
participating in the program, which could result in more
cotton. "The cotton program stipulates a mandatory set-aside of
25 pct of a farmer's base acreage," noted Judy Weissman of
Shearson Lehman Brothers. But farmers who elect not to
participate in the program are free to plant all the acreage 
they have.
    Some analysts said cotton farmers in the high-yielding
Western states would be most likely to steer clear of the
program. "Western acreage should be up at least 20 pct," said
one commission house analyst, whose estimate was based in part
on forecasts made by the National Cotton Council during its
annual meeting in late January.
    But others disagreed. "I think some Western growers have
decided they should be in the program for security reasons.
There's a lot of comfort in knowing you'll be guaranteed the
government's loan price of 52.25 cents a lb. Anyone outside the
program is subject to the wiles of the market," said Walter
Brown, market analyst for a major California cotton producer.
    Some cotton specialists said their expectations for
increased acreage might not be verified in Tuesday's planting
intentions report. "Anything the USDA is announcing now is
based on information they gathered before their cotton program
was announced (on March 20)," one analyst cautioned. She said
traders will get a better idea of next year's cotton output
when the USDA's planted acreage report is released on July 9.
    Brown took that opinion a step further. "I don't think
planted acreage is important. What counts is the abandonment
rate," the difference between acreage planted and acreage
harvested.
    Brown said the abandonment rate this year was "pretty high"
at 15.5 pct because of weather problems in key producing
states. "More normal would be about six pct," he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11064>
Texas' cotton crop stands little
chance of damage from frigid temperatures expected tonight in
that state, as very little cotton has been planted, according
to Texas agricultural sources and cotton market analysts.
    "It's still pretty early for cotton planting. Only six pct
of the crop was planted as of last week," said Doug Stillmann,
a statistician at the Texas Agricultural Statistic Service in
Austin, a division of the U.S. Agriculture Department.
    Stillmann and other cotton market sources said planting had
begun in the Rio Grande Valley and South Texas areas only, with
planting in the crucial high and low plains areas not slated to
begin until next month. The high and low plains accounted for
60 pct of the 2.5 mln bales produced in Texas last year,
Stillmann said.
    Temperatures tonight in most of Texas are expected to drop
to freezing to the low 20s, although the lower Rio Grande
Valley may see more moderate readings in the middle 30s,
according to meteorologists at Accu-Weather Inc.
    The price of new-crop cotton on the New York cotton futures
market rallied today on weather-related fears.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11091>
The Texas weekly USDA state crop report
said stormy winter weather limited fieldwork before conditions
improved later in the week.
    A snowstorm caused some cattle deaths in the Panhandle, and
cold, wet weather covered many areas. Windy weather followed to
dry fields and limit planting delays.
    Small grains made good progress despite cool temperatures
which slowed growth. Additional moisture was needed in some
areas. Many fields were booting and some were beginning to
head. Wheat was rated 16 pct fair, 56 pct good and 28 pct
excellent.
    Corn and sorghum planting progressed, and land preparation
was ahead of schedule in the Plains despite snowy weather.
Cotton planting progressed in the Lower Valley.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11507>
Cotton planting began in California
and was expected to proceed rapidly in the week ended March 28,
the Joint Agriculture Weather Facility of the U.S. Agriculture
and Commerce Departments said.
    In a summary of its Weather and Crops Bulletin, the agency
said winds and low soil temperature retarded growth and
hampered seeding in Arizona.
    Planting moved into Mohave and Pinal Counties.
    Cotton planting progressed well in the Lower Valley,
Coastal Bend and along the Upper Coast of Texas.
    However, bad weather continued hampering cotton seedbed
preparations in Oklahoma.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11640>
The U.S. Agriculture Department said
it has extended until April 17 the date by which Agricultural
Stabilization and Conservation county offices must determine
eligibility of individuals or other entities for payments under
1987 farm programs.
    Jerome Sitter, director of ASCS's Cotton, Grain and Rice
Price Support Division, said the decision meant farmers have
until April 17 to file a farm operating plan indicating how
many persons would be involved in their farming operations.
    Earlier this year USDA extended the deadline to April 1
from March 1, Sitter said.
    ASCA Administrator Milton Hertz said in a statement that
the extension was necessary because of heavy workloads at
county ASCS offices.
    Hertz said ASCS county officials "have had to make a large
number of eligibility determinations for individuals and other
entities, such as corporations and partnerships, in preparation
for imposing the 50,000-dlr-per-entity cap."
    "These offices already had a very heavy workload due to the
large number of applications for both the 1987 farm programs
and the Conservation Reserve Program," Hertz said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11671>
The Commodity Credit Corporation
(CCC) switched five mln dlrs in credit guarantees to Ecuador to
provide for more sales of U.S. vegetable oil, the U.S.
Agriculture Department said.
    The credit guarantees were previously earmarked for sales
of U.S. cotton, feedgrains and wheat.
    The action reduces the guarantee lines previously
authorized for sales of cotton from 1.5 mln dlrs to 500,000
dlrs, for feedgrains from four mln to two mln and for wheat
from 45 mln dlrs to 43 mln dlrs and increases coverage for
vegetable oil sales from two mln to seven mln dlrs, the
department said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11769>
The grain output of a major Chinese
grain-producing province is not increasing, because farmers
lack incentives, production costs are rising, storage
facilities are poor and there is not enough state investment in
grain, the province's vice-governor said.
    The China Daily quoted Yang Jike, vice-governor of Anhui,
as saying farmers could earn twice as much growing cotton as
they could growing grain, and three times as much growing cash
crops like flax. He said production costs had risen to 40 pct
of farmers' earnings, from 20 pct in 1982, and lower investment
had caused the area of irrigated land to fall.
    Yang said investment in agriculture fell in 1985 to 9.9 pct
of the province's total investment, from 26 pct in 1978.
    He said an estimated 1.5 billion yuan worth of grain was
hit by mildew or rot in state granaries every year, and a
further 1.5 mln tonnes was eaten annually by rats.
    He said government measures to deal with the problem dealt
with trifles, rather than the essentials. He called for more
investment in grain production, an immediate ban on illegal use
of or damage to farmland and a reversal of what he called the
tendency to rely on grain imports.
    The New China News Agency quoted Zhang Yan, a delegate to
the National People's Congress, attacking grain policy. He said
the government had cut agricultural investment to three to four
pct from 11 pct.
    "With the abundance of grain and cotton in the past few
years, some people got carried away, relaxing their attention
to grain and cotton production," he said.
    On Saturday, vice-premier Tian Jiyun said China aimed to be
self-sufficient in grain. Now it exports corn from the
northeast, but it imports wheat.
    "Grain consumption is rising every year. Even if we reach
the 1987 target of (405 mln tonnes), it cannot be considered
adequate," Tian said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11970>
Certificated cotton stocks deliverable
on the New York Cotton Exchange No 2 cotton futures contract as
of March 31 were reported at 36,659 bales, unchanged from the
previous day's figure. There were no bales awaiting review and
985 bales awaiting decertification.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12254>
Argentine subproducts shipments
during January/December 1986 totalled 5,618,315 tonnes, against
4,815,188 tonnes in the same period of 1985, the Argentine
Grain Board said.
    Breakdown was as follows: cotton 26,992 (41,933), sunflower
1,403,230 (1,190,862), linseed 261,600 (309,191), groundnutseed
23,595 (22,809), soybean 3,275,225 (2,415,492), bran/pollards
wheat 606,352 (659,271), fiber cotton 3,256 (107,752), wheat
flour 18,065 (67,878), rape nil (nil), the board added.
    Shipments during December 1986 amounted to 418,755 tonnes,
against 257,844 tonnes in the same month of 1985.
    The breakdown, was as follows, in tonnes:
    Cotton 3,002 (6,234), sunflower 86,612 (38,347), linseed
23,954 (38,290), groundnutseed nil (nil), soybean 264,650
(104,571), bran/polards wheat 37,724 (49,946), fiber cotton 987
(2,121), wheat flour 1,826 (18,335), rapeseed nil (nil), the
board said.
    The ten principal destinations during January/December
1986, with comparative figures for the same period of 1985 in
brackets, were as follows, in tonnes:
    Holland 2,444,260 (2,234,049), Belgium 546,423 (595,635),
Italy 430,029 (338,766), Czechoslovakia 365,897 (236,836), Cuba
253,067 (222,842), Iran 250,646 (192,430), West Germany
232,049) (158,491), Bulgaria 207,030 (300,488), Spain and
Canary Islands 176,287 (113,751), Corea 163,304 (37,416), the
board added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12372>
The U.S. House Agriculture Committee
approved proposals to extend the life of the Export Enhancement
Program, EEP, through fiscal 1990 and urged the Reagan
administration offer EEP wheat to the Soviet Union.
    The proposals were approved as amendments to a
comprehensive trade bill moving through Congress this year.
    In addition to the amendments on EEP, the committee
approved several proposals which could restrict imports of
lamb, casein, sugar-containing products and tobacco. Those
amendments affecting imports face an uncertain future because
the House Ways and Means Committee, which has overall
jurisdiction over trade legislation, will oppose them,
Congressional sources said.
    The effect of the EEP amendments would be to extend the
life of the program five years through fiscal 1990 rather than
the current three years through fiscal 1988.
    The amendments, offered by Rep. Dan Glickman, D-Kan., also
would increase funding for the program to 2.5 billion dlrs from
1.5 billion now.
    Furthermore, the committee passed an amendment offered by
Rep. Glickman which instructs the U.S. Agriculture Department
to value EEP bonus commodities at market value, not acquisition
value. Glickman said the change would make the program 30 pct
less expensive to operate.
    The provision on EEP wheat to the Soviet Union, offered by
Rep. Bob Smith, R-Ore., does not require the administration
make an offer, but urges such action.
    The committee approved an amendment, offered by Rep. Glenn
English, D-Okla., requiring the Secretary of Agriculture to
begin discussions with other major grain producing countries
aimed at jointly reducing world grain production.
    Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter yesterday opposed the
amendment, saying such commodity agreements do not work.
    Among the host of amendments to restrict imports approved
by the panel, the most significant would require quotas on
imports of goods containing more than 25 pct of a bulk farm
product that is subject to U.S. quotas. The amendment, offered
by Rep. Arlan Stangeland, R-Minn., is aimed primarily at
curbing imports from Canada of products containing sugar and
foreign foods containing dairy products. It also may affect
peanut, cotton and tobacco imports, Committee sources said.
    Another amendment would place a quota on U.S. imports of
casein, a dairy product shipped to the U.S. primarily by New
Zealand and Ireland.
    The panel also voted to apply to lamb imports the same
countercyclical import quota law which is operating for U.S.
beef imports.
    Other miscellaneous amendments included:
    -- Urging the administration consider retaliating against
Japan and South Korea if those countries do not remove
restrictions on beef imports.
    -- Boosting the amount of U.S. grain which must be shipped
each year under a food aid program called Section 416 to
800,000 tonnes from 500,000 tonnes now.
    -- Requiring the Agriculture Secretary conduct a study of
the Canadian Wheat Board import licensing system for wheat to
determine if it is a non-tariff trade barrier.
    -- Requiring the Agriculture Secretary reimburse the
National Corn Growers Association up to 500,000 dlrs for the
costs of defending the U.S. feedgrains program against a
Canadian countervailing duty case this year.
    -- Urging the administration oppose the Canadian decision
to apply a duty on U.S. corn imports, and a proposal by the
European Community to apply a vegetable oils tax.
    -- USDA conduct a study of the findings of a National
Commission on Agricultural Export Policy, which recommended a
reorganization of USDA's trade policy apparatus.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12969>
Lewis Horowitz, president of the New
York Futures Exchange, said the New York Stock Exchange board
yesterday approved in principle an agreement to relocate the
futures exchange at the New York Cotton Exchange.
    The agreement is subject to the approval of the Cotton
Exchange board, which meets Tuesday, April 7.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14354>
Cotton planting continued progressing
in the week ended April 5, but cold, wet weather in the South
hampered seedbed preparation, the Joint Agricultural Weather
Facility of the U.S. Agriculture and Commerce Departments said.
    In a summary of its Weather and Crops Bulletin, the agency
said planting increased in California as soil temperatures
improved.
    Texas planted 10 pct compared with an average of eight pct.
Arizona and Georgia planted 35 pct and two pct, respectively,
it said.
    Oklahoma farmers prepared 10 pct of their cotton seedbeds,
15 points below average, the agency said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2359>
Australia accused the U.S. of increasing
protectionism on agricultural products and called for an end to
Washington's special 32-year exemption from certain GATT rules
on agricultural trade.
    Robert Arnott, Australia's delegate to the General
Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT), made the appeal at a
special annual meeting which reviews the 1955 U.S. waiver.
    "Australia today said the United States' goals of reducing
U.S. barriers to agricultural trade were being contradicted by
actions which in fact increased protection in trade in
agriculture," the Australian delegation said in a statement.
    "The United States section 22 waiver is one of the basic
flaws in the GATT coverage of agriculture," Arnott told the
meeting.
    Arnott said the waiver had continually been used as a
justification for "dubious protective measures" by the U.S. He
listed a recent Dairy Export Incentive Program and steps to
close the U.S. sugar market to imports.
    He also told Reuters the waiver allowed Washington to
impose quotas on imports of farm products where it had domestic
support programs. This covered imports of dairy products,
peanuts, cotton and sugar.
    Asked to comment, Michael Samuels, U.S. ambassador to the
GATT, told Reuters: "These charges have been made since the very
beginning. The waiver is part of domestic U.S. agricultural
policy, part of our law when we joined the GATT".
    "We have agreed to put the waiver on the table during the
Uruguay Round and invite other countries to do the same with
their programs. We can negotiate them all," Samuels added.
    Ninety-two nations are taking part in the four-year Uruguay
round of talks launched in Punta del Este last September.
Bargaining in agricultural goods and services (banking,
tourism, insurance) is included for the first time as well as
manufactured goods.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2456>
Corn sales gained 2,494,900 tonnes in
the week ended February 26, the highest weekly total since
August 1984 and two and three-quarter times the prior week's
level, the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    In comments on its Export Sales Report, the department said
sales of 1.0 mln tonnes to the USSR -- previously reported
under the daily reporting system -- were the first sales for
delivery to the USSR under the fourth year of the U.S.-USSR
Grains Supply Agreement, which began October 1.
    Japan added 689,700 tonnes to previous purchases and sales
to unknown destinations rose by 429,800 tonnes.
    Wheat sales of 362,400 tonnes for the current season and
151,000 for the 1987/88 season were down by more than half from
the previous week's combined sales, it said.
    Egypt, Japan and Iraq were the major wheat buyers for
delivery in the current year, while sales to China decreased by
30,000 tonnes for the current season, but increased by 90,000
tonnes for the 1987/88 season, which begins June 1.
    Net sales of soybeans totalling 274,200 tonnes equaled the
preceding week, but were nearly a third below the four week
average. Major increases were for Belgium, South Korea, Mexico
and Italy, it said.
    Soybean cake and meal sales of 103,700 tonnes were 2-3/4
times the previous week's marketing year low, but six pct less
than the four week average.
    Major increases for West Germany, Belgium, Spain, Italy and
Australia were partially offset by declines to unknown
destinations.
    Soybean oil sales of 5,400 tonnes were the result of
increases for Venezuela and reductions of 500 tonnes for
unknown destinations.
    Combined sales activity in cotton of 75,200 running bales
-- 44,700 bales for the current year and 30,500 bales for the
1987/88  bales -- were 56 pct below the prior week's good
showing, the department said.
    Major purchasers for the current season were South Korea,
Japan, Taiwan and Thailand, while South Korea and Indonesia
were the major buyers for the 1987/88 season, which begins
August 1.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2975>
China has raised the prices it pays
farmers for cotton, edible oil, sugar cane and beets to reverse
a decline in output in 1986, He Kang, Minister of Agriculture,
Animal Husbandry and Fisheries said.
    The China Daily quoted He as saying China should adopt
intensive farming to increase per hectare output and improve
crop quality and maintain arable land at 111 mln hectares. He
gave no details of the price increases.
    On grain, He said the state will cut the quota it purchases
from farmers by 50 mln tonnes and abolish the practice of
purchasing through agents.
    He said the state will increase investment in agriculture
and supplies of fertiliser, diesel oil and other production
materials and stabilise fertiliser and diesel oil prices.
    The state offers cheap fertiliser and diesel oil and
payment in advance to farmers who contract to supply grain at a
low state-fixed price.
    He said China aims to produce between 425 and 450 mln
tonnes of grain by 1990, up from a target of 405 mln this year
and an actual 391 mln last year.
    He gave no more details.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4056>
South Korea plans to import about 387,000
tonnes of cotton this year compared to 225,000 tonnes in 1986,
trade ministry officials said.
    More than three quarters of the total, some 290,000 tonnes,
will come from the United States. That will be a 93.7 pct
increase on 1986 when U.S. Imports totalled 150,000 tonnes, an
official said.
    He said the U.S. Increase is due partly to the
competitiveness of American cotton and partly to efforts by
Seoul to reduce its trade surplus with Washington. South Korea
is the second largest importer of U.S. Cotton after Japan.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4103>
India's raw cotton export quota has
been raised by 190,000 170-kg bales to 600,000 bales in 1986/87
ending August, still well below the 1985/86 quota of 1.35 mln
bales, Minister of State for Textiles R.N. Mirdha said.
    State and private agencies contracted to export 1.34 mln
bales in 1985/86, he told journalists. But only 433,000 bales
were shipped that year, with the rest to be delivered in
1986/87. About 758,000 bales from 1985/86 contracts were
shipped up to February 2 in 1986/87.
     The government will export 600,000 bales of long and
extra- long staple cotton in the three years from 1986/87, he
said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4231>
IGENE Biotechnology Inc said its
research teams at Auburn and Hebrew universities have found its
patented pesticide is highly effective in combating a disease
reponsible for approximately three billion dlrs in annual crop
losses.
    The company said it learned ClandoSan controls nematodes,
deadly plant pathogens formerly controlled by now-banned
synthetic chemicals.
    Varieties of the deadly disease attack major cash crops
such as cotton, vegetables, orchard trees, citrus fruits, and
garden plants, the company said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4549>
A marketing loan for U.S. wheat,
feedgrains and soybeans would do nothing to help the surplus
production situation and would be extremely costly, Sen. Rudy
Boschwitz (R-Minn.) said.
    "I think I would not support a marketing loan now," he told
the House agriculture subcommittee on wheat, soybeans and
feedgrains. Boschwitz was one of the original supporters of a
marketing loan for cotton and rice, but has since focused
support on decoupling legislation, the Boren/Boschwitiz bill.
    A market loan for grains and soybeans would encourage more
production, especially in high-yielding areas, would be much
more expensive than the current cotton and rice marketing loans
and not increase exports significantly, he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4679>
China's 1987 cotton output must rise
above the 1986 level of 3.54 mln tonnes or supply will fall
short of increasing demand, the China Daily said.
    Demand in 1986 rose 10.9 pct over 1985.
    Output in 1986 fell from 4.15 mln tonnes in 1985 and a
record 6.2 mln in 1984, official figures show. The China Daily
attributed the decline to several factors, including less
favorable weather conditions and new state measures to restrict
cotton production after the 1984 build-up of stocks.
    According to Customs figures, cotton exports rose to
558,089 tonnes in calendar 1986 from 347,026 in 1985.
    To increase output quickly, the state will raise by 10 pct
the price it pays for cotton produced above and beyond quota
levels, the newspaper said. Its official purchasing agencies
will buy cotton produced in excess of that originally
contracted for, it added.
    The China Daily said all cotton growing areas in south
China should be maintained, and growing in the north should be
concentrated in Hebei, Shandong, Henan and Xinjiang.
    It called for comprehensive planning to coordinate
production of cotton with that of grain, edible oil and other
crops, but gave no more details.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5040>
Expiration dates on upland cotton
certificates issued under the 1986 upland cotton program are
being extended, the Agriculture Department announced.
    The certificates are being extended because of a shortage
of Commodity Credit Corporation inventory available for
exchange with certificates, USDA undersecretary Danial Amstutz
said.
    Presently, upland cotton commodity certificates expire nine
months from the last day of the month of issuance.
    Under the new procedure, all current outstanding and all
new upland cotton certificates issued under the 1986 upland
cotton program will have an expiration date of either February
29, 1988, or nine months from the last day of the month in
which the certificate is issued, whichever is later.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5467>
A 0/92 program would have very
little impact on U.S. acreage, prompting farmers to idle only
an additional 3.5 mln acres of cropland every year, according
to a report from the Agriculture Department.
    The savings resulting from the additional 3.5 mln acres
idled would be a little over 400 mln dlrs in loan savings, 35
mln dlrs in transportation and storage savings, and 10-20 mln
dlrs per year in deficiency payment savings, the report said.
    The USDA report asssessed the impacts of the proposed 0/92
acreage program for wheat, corn, cotton, sorghum and barley.
Last year, almost 245 mln acres of those crops were harvested.
    "The likelihood that the 0-92 provisiion will cause very
large acreages to be removed from crop production is quite
small," the report said.
    "The returns on typical farms still favor participation in
the usual acreage reduction programs and seeding the permitted
acreage," the USDA report said.
    The 0/92 program, which would allow farmers to forego
planting and still receive 92 pct of their deficiency payment,
would be most used by producers in high production/high risk
areas where cost of production is high, said Keith Collins,
director of USDA's economics analysis staff.
    "In the heart of the corn belt, you would not get that much
participation," Collins said.
    USDA estimated that an additional one mln acres of wheat
would be ildled under 0/92, 1.5 mln acres of corn, 500,000
acres of sorghum and barley and 500,000 acres of cotton.
    Production from these idled acres would be equivalent to 40
mln bushels of wheat, 180 mln bushels of corn, 20 mln bushels
of sorghum, 10 mln bushels of barley, and 500,000 bales of
cotton, the report said.
    "In determining whether to participate, a producer would
need to weigh the expected cash costs of production against the
loan rate ... The risk that market prices may rise above the
expected levels and reduce the deficiency payment also must be
considered," according to the analysis.
    "What you're giving up under 0/92 is the difference between
the loan rate and the cost of production," Collins said.
    For producers with low production costs, that difference is
greater and can be applied to paying variable costs, he said.
Under these cicumstances, farmers would not want to go along
with 0/92. But for high cost producers, 0/92 would be more
attractive.
    Also, as loan rates get lower, Collins said there would be
more incentives to participate in a 0/92 program.
    "I would admit that its impacts would be very marginal at
first, but it is a step towards the goal of separating
production decisions from government payments," Collins said.
    In a speech earlier today before the National Grains and
Feed Association, USDA Secretary Richard Lyng said it is too
late to implement 0/92 for 1987 crops since program signup will
be over by the end of this month.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5610>
Farmers enrolled over 6.5 mln acres
of program crops in the latest conservation reserve program
signup and around four mln acres of non-program crops,
Agriculture Department conservation specialists said.
    Soybean acreage amounted to less than two mln acres of the
non-program crop acreage enrolled, a USDA analyst said. Heavy
enrollment of non-base acreage in wheat states, of which a big
percentage would be fallow and non-soybean land, accounted for
a large portion of the non-program acreage, the analyst said.
    Wheat and corn acreage comprised slightly over 40 pct of
the total 10,572,402 acres accepted into the ten-year program.
    USDA analysts gave the following enrollment breakdown:
    -- wheat  2,615,140 acres
    -- corn   1,894,764 acres
    -- barley   705,888 acres
    -- sorghum  585,552 acres
    -- cotton   417,893 acres
    -- rice       2,035 acres
    -- peanuts      611 acres
    -- tobacco      285 acres
    -- total program crops  6,512,700 acres
    -- total nonprogram     4,059,702 acres
    -- total enrollment    10,572,402 acres
    USDA analysts are currently working on a complete state
breakdown of crop acreage enrollment and should have it ready
for publication later this week, they said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6063>
Israel has drawn up a five-year plan
for 1987-1991 to raise agricultural production by 500 mln dlrs
to 2.7 billion dlrs, an annual rise of 3.4 pct, the Israeli
Ministry of Agriculture said. Agricultural exports are to be
increased by 180 mln dlrs, or 4.8 pct per year on average.
    The area planted to cotton is to remain at the 1986 level
of 100,000 to 112,500 acres with exports expected to bring in
80 to 90 mln dlrs per year. The 34 pct decline from the 1985
level reflects continued water rationing which will remain in
force, the ministry said.
    Groundnut production is planned to increase by 13,000
tonnes, or 57 pct, by 1991 and exports by 9,000 tonnes, or 82
pct. Maize production is targetted to rise by 48,000 tonnes, or
48 pct, and exports by 34,000 tonnes, or 45 pct.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6269>
Seven major U.S. farm groups took
the unusual step of releasing a joint statement urging
congressional leaders not to tinker with existing farm law.
    Following meetings with House Agriculture Committee
Chairman Kika de la Garza (D-Tex.) and Senate Agriculture
Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.), the groups issued a
statement saying lawmakers should "resist efforts to overhaul
the 15-month-old law, which is operating in its first crop
marketing year."
    The farm groups included the American Farm Bureau
Federation, American Soybean Association, National Cattlemen's
Association, National Corn Growers Association, National Cotton
Council, National Pork Producers Council and the U.S. Rice
Producers Legislative Group.
    The statement said Congress should not modify the 1985 farm
bill "so the law might have its intended impact of making
agriculture more competitive in export markets while at the
same time maintaining farm income."
    "We strongly believe American farmers now need
predictability and certainty in farm legislation in order to
have any opportunity of making proper production and marketing
decisions," the groups said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6535>
Pakistan and Sweden have signed a
commodity exchange agreement for 88 mln dlrs each way, the
Pakistan government announced.
    Pakistan's exports under the agreement will include raw
cotton, cotton products, cotton textiles, steel products,
molasses, naphtha and fresh and dried fruits.
    Swedish exports to Pakistan will include medical and
laboratory equipment, electrical telecommunication equipment,
diesel engine spares, mining and security equipment,
road-building and construction machinery, fertilisers and palm
oil.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7640>
Indian and Australian businessmen
signed a memorandum of understanding to boost two-way trade and
joint industrial ventures in both countries, spokesmen of the
Indo-Australia Business Council told reporters.
    The Indian Council said it hoped India's exports to
Australia would improve in the next few months and reduce the
trade balance which is heavily in Australia's favour.
    In 1986 Australia sold 428 mln Australian dlrs' worth of
goods, including steel and coking coal, to India and bought
170.5 mln worth of items, including cotton textiles, from India.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7917>
There are heightened fears that "El
Nino" may be returning to Peru with an intensity approaching the
1983 disaster, which affected the weather on several continents
and caused widespread damage through floods and drought, the
U.S. Agriculture Department's officer in Lima said in a field
report.
    Continued heavy rains in the northern coastal area,
flooding of several major rivers and mud slides have led to
increased concern, the report, dated March 17, said.
    However, it said official sources still believe that this
year's El Nino will have only weak to moderate intensity.
    EL Nino is a phenomenon involving a shift in winds and
waters in the pacific.
    The USDA report said that so far the El Nino now being
experienced has not had an overall negative impact on
agricultural production.
    Excessive rains in the Piura Pima cotton area may reduce
yields by about 20 pct due to excessive growth too early in the
crop cycle.
    Also insect damage to crops could be more extensive where
excessive moisture exists, it said.
    However, the El Nino has resulted in a much improved supply
of irrigation water in the major dams which will improve
prospects for many crucial crops such as rice and corn, and
slow the decline in sugar production, it said.
    If El Nino picks up momentum, Peru's fishing industry could
receive a setback. But trade sources still believe the fish
catch for industrial processing will reach 5.5 mln tonnes in
1987, almost 20 pct above last year, the report said.
    Water temperatures in the northern fishing areas are three
to four degrees centigrade above normal but still not high
enough to drive the fish to cooler southern waters, it said.
    It said there is still the outside chance that El Nino will
intensify and carry on through late March, April and May
causing problems as crops approach harvest.
    "There appears to be no way to project the course of El Nino
-- only time will tell," the report said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8273>
Sen. David Pryor, D-Ark., said
he was considering amending the Senate Finance Committee's
trade bill with a provision to require a marketing loan for
soybeans, corn and wheat.
    Pryor told the Futures Industry Association that there was
great reluctance among members of the Senate Agriculture
Committee to reopen the 1985 farm bill, and that a marketing
loan might have a better chance in the Finance panel.
    The Arkansas senator said the marketing loan -- which in
effect allows producers to pay back their crop loans at the
world price -- had led to a 300 pct increase in U.S. cotton
exports in 14 months and a 72 pct increase in rice exports.
    Pryor serves on both the Senate Finance and Agriculture
Committees.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8413>
The Senate this week might take up
proposed legislation that could serve as a lightning rod to
expose broad initiatives to change U.S. farm policy.
    The Senate could consider a House-passed bill that would
allow wheat and feedgrains farmers to receive at least 92 pct
of their income support payments if flooding last year
prevented, or will prevent, them from planting their 1987
crops, Senate staff members told Reuters.
    Also pending is a bill extend the life of the National
Commission on Dairy Policy.
    Sen. Rudy Boschwitz, R-Minn., intends to offer an amendment
to one of the bills that would suspend the minimum planting
requirement for all 1987 wheat, feedgrain, cotton and rice
producers, an aide said.
    Under current law, producers must plant at least 50 pct of
their base acreage to be eligible for 92 pct of their
deficiency payments.
    Most major U.S. farm groups have lobbied hard against
making any fundamental changes in the 1985 farm bill out of
fear a full-scale debate could expose agricultural problems to
budget-cutting pressures.
    Representatives of these farm groups have said they also
fear efforts by Midwestern Democrats to force a floor vote on a
bill that would require large acreage set-asides in return for
sharply higher support prices.
    However, Sen. Tom Harkin, D-Iowa, sponsor of the bill, told
Reuters he did not intend to offer his measure as a floor
amendment but to bring it through the committee.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8759>
Rice and corn farmers will receive
the largest payments from the U.S. government during 1987 if
the subsidies are calculated per planted acre, the U.S.
Agriculture Department said.
    USDA said government outlays to rice farmers in 1987 are
expected to reach 403 dlrs per acre planted, followed by corn
at 135 dlrs per planted acre. Government outlays include mainly
deficiency payments and price support loans.
    On a per acre basis, cotton payments will reach 73.24 dlrs
in 1987, wheat 60.30 dlrs, sorghum 54.38 dlrs, barley 27.41
dlrs and oats 2.31 dlrs, USDA said.
    USDA estimates farm subsidies will reach 25.3 billion dlrs
in 1987. The figures were given by USDA officials at a Senate
Agriculture Appropriations hearing yesterday.
 Reuter
</BODY>
