<BODY DOCID=179>
Switzerland's economy, combining low
unemployment, financial stability and a large external payments
surplus, is in excellent condition and faces a satisfactory
future, the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and
Development, OECD, said.
    This reflected the success of stable and relatively tight
fiscal and monetary policies followed by the government, it
said.
    The OECD, in its annual report on Switzerland, picked out
some signs of a slowdown in activity and a slight pick-up in
inflation this year, but said these gave no cause for concern.
    The study forecast a decline in Gross Domestic Product
growth to 1.75 pct this year from an estimated two pct in 1986
and a small rise in consumer price inflation to 1.25 pct after
last year's sharp fall to 0.75 pct from 3.6 pct in 1985.
    But it said job creation should continue to absorb a modest
increase in the workforce, leaving the unemployment rate
unchanged at around one pct, the lowest in the 24-industrial
nation OECD area.
    Assuming an average exchange rate of 1.71 Swiss francs to
the dollar this year, against 1.69 in the second half of 1986,
the report forecast a 2.75 pct rise in exports and a 3.5 pct
rise in imports this year after rises of 3.25 pct and 6.5 pct
respectively in 1986.
    The faster growth of imports compared with exports this
year and last, reflecting buoyant private consumption, meant
that the contribution of the foreign payments balance to GDP
would shrink in both years.
    But "given Switzerland's large external surplus, there
should be no concern if domestic demand grows faster than
GDP...Which, if only in a small way, would contribute to
improving international balances," the OECD said.
    Real private consumption appeared to have been unusually
buoyant last year, with a 3.25 pct growth rate, after several
years of relative weakness, it noted.
    In 1987 private consumption was expected to slow somewhat
to a 2.25 pct growth rate, but should still outstrip overall
GDP, it added.
    The outlook for investment in plant and machinery remained
bright into 1987, and with capacity use at near record levels
last year there was scope for rationalisation and modernisation
in both the industry and service sectors, it said.
    As a consequence, growth in machinery and equipment
investment is likely to decelerate only slightly this year
after vigorous growth in 1986.
    But the report raised a questionmark over the prospects for
tourism and the banking industry, two major service sector
earners of foreign exchange.
    The long-term appreciation of the Swiss Franc, and the
accelerating deregulation of foreign banking markets, could
lead to a loss of international market share for both, it said.
    Particularly for the banks, "recent developments in
international financial markets give rise to the question
whether the Swiss financial system, which has shown substantial
flexibility in the past, is adapting itself at the speed
required ... To preserve its competitive position," it said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=209>
France's right wing government is facing
growing pressure to modify its economic policies after revising
down its 1987 growth targets and revising up its inflation
forecasts for this year.
    Moving reluctantly into line with most private sector
forecasts the government yesterday raised its 1987 inflation
estimate a half percentage point to 2.5 per cent and cut its
economic growth estimate to between two and 2.8 per cent from a
2.8 per cent target written into the annual budget last
september.
    Finance Minister Edouard Balladur said the revised figures
would not push the government off its chosen mix of price
deregulation, budget-cutting rigour and pay restraint.
    But Trade Union leaders served immediate notice they would
push to protect the purchasing power of their members, raising
the spectre of a vicious spiral of wage and price rises.
    And bank economists contacted by Reuters said they believed
Prime Minister Jacques Chirac could be forced by slow growth
and rising unemployment to reflate the economy later this year,
perhaps in the autumn, to boost his prospects in Presidential
elections due by April 1988.
    "The outlook is more worrying than it was a few weeks ago,"
said Societe Generale economist Alain Marais. "We have the
impression it may be difficult to get even two per cent growth
this year."
    "The big question is whether the government's policy of wage
moderation will be maintained," he added.
    The government has set public sector wage rises at aboout
1.7 per cent this year, with a three per cent ceiling for rises
justified by increased productivity.
    But the head of the socialist CFDT union federation, Edmond
Maire, meeting with Chirac today, renewed union demands already
rejected by the government for indexation clauses to be built
into future pay contracts to safeguard workers against higher
prices.
    Calling the government's policies "unbalanced and unjust," he
also demanded investment incentives to boost employment. He
announced after his meeting that Chirac had told him the
government would spend two billion francs on a series of
measures to boost employment and training
    Andre Bergeron, a widely respected leader of the moderate
Force Ouvriere labour group, put similar demands to Chirac
earlier in the week while the Communist-led CGT, the largest of
France's unions, declared the defence of its members earnings
its top priority.
    But with unemployment nearing 11 per cent last month, and
still rising, government supporters and some economic analysts
said they were confident Chirac could resist union pay demands.
    "Salary indexation was ended by the previous Socialist
government and I dont think this administration is going to
reverse that," commented Michel Develle, economist at
recently-privatised Banque Paribas.
    Damaging transport and electricity strikes over Christmas
and the New Year, partly blamed by the government for higher
inflation, had undermined the unions power and popularity, he
said.
    Develle said Paribas expected inflation to rise even more
than the governments revised forecast, perhaps to 2.6 or 2.7
per cent this year against last years 2.1 per cent.
    "But that would still be an exceptional achievement
considering that for the first time since the Second World War
all french prices have been freed," he commented.
    Finance Ministry officials said that the governments
abolition of price and rent controls last year was responsible
for nearly a quarter of a 0.9 per cent surge in January living
costs.
    But they claimed it was a once-off phenomenon that should
have no knock-on impact on the rest of the year.
    Both Marais and Develle said they agreed with that, so long
as the government kept wages under control.
    Prices could rise 1.5 per cent in the first three months of
1987 and two per cent in the first half year, fractionally more
than forecast this week by the National Statistics Institute,
INSEE,  Marais said. But the second half year should be better,
he added.
    Ironically, one side effect of higher inflation could be to
help the government achieve its aim of cutting the state budget
deficit, several analysts said.
    So long as public sector wages are held down, higher Value
Added Tax receipts resulting from rising prices should offset a
loss in revenues that otherwise would result from slower than
expected growth, they said.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=213>
Japan's unadjusted consumer price index
(base 1985) fell 0.4 pct to 99.7 in January from the previous
month, the government's Management and Coodination Agency said.
    The fall compares with a decline of 0.2 pct in December.
    The January index compared with a year earlier was down 1.1
pct, the first drop larger than 1.0 pct since it fell 1.3 pct
in September 1958.
    Food costs rose in January from December but prices fell
for clothing, footwear and utilities, causing the overall
decline for the month.
    Housing, medical and educations costs increased in January
compared with a year earlier but the cost of utilities,
gasoline and vegetables fell.
    The unadjusted consumer price index for the Tokyo area
(base 1985) was down 0.1 pct in mid-February from a month
earlier at 100.2, reflecting lower prices for food, clothing
and footwear. Compared with a year earlier, the index was down
0.7 pct due to lower vegetable, fuel oil and utility costs.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=929>
Italy's consumer price index rose 0.4 pct
in February compared with January after rising 0.6 pct in
January over December, the national statistics institute
(Istat) said.
    The year-on-year rise in February was 4.2 pct down from 4.5
pct in January and compared with 7.6 pct in February 1986.
    Istat said its consumer prices index for the families of
workers and employees (base 1985) was 109.1 in February against
108.7 in January and 104.7 in February 1986.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1147>
Chile's consumer price index rose 1.7
pct in February to 562.01 (December, 1978 equals 100) after
increases of 2.0 pct in January and 0.9 pct in February 1986,
the government's National Statistics Institute said.
    Inflation as measured by the index rose to 17.5 pct over
the 12 months to the end of February, compared with 16.6 pct
last month and 24.5 pct to the end of February, 1986.
    In the first two months of the year, inflation was 3.8 pct,
against 3.6 pct in the same period of 1986.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1550>
The cost of living in West Germany will
likely be about 0.5 pct higher on average in 1987 than in 1986,
when the cost of living actually fell by an average 0.2 pct in
the first recurrence of "negative inflation" since the 1950s, the
HWWA economic research institute said.
    The re-emergence of inflation will result mainly from the
fading of two factors which influenced the fall in the 1986
cost of living - the steep decline in both oil prices and the
value of the dollar, the institute said in a report.
    The institute said inflation will see a rising trend in the
course of 1987, but will average only 0.5 pct for the year as a
whole because year on year rates will remain negative in the
first part of 1987.
    Provisional inflation figures for February released last
week showed the cost of living last month was 0.5 pct lower
than in February 1986. In January prices had fallen 0.8 pct
against the same month a year earlier.
    The HWWA said its forecast assumed the dollar would remain
around 1.80 marks and oil prices would range between 15 and 17
dlrs per barrel.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1681>
colombia's cost of living index rose 2.03
pct in february after a 3.27 pct increase in january and a 3.15
pct rise in february 1986, the government statistics institute
said.
    The rise brought year-on-year inflation to 19.77 pct
compared with 23.72 pct at end-february 1986 and 21.66 pct for
the year ending january 1987.
    The government has predicted that inflation this year would
be lower than in 1986 when it reached 20.9 pct.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10261>
Japan's consumer price index (base 1985)
was unchanged at 99.7 in February from a month earlier, the
government's Management and Coodination Agency said.
    The index showed a 0.4 pct drop in January.
    The February index was down one pct from a year earlier for
the third consecutive year-on-year drop.
    In January, the index fell 1.1 pct from a year earlier, the
first drop of over one pct since a 1.3 pct drop in September
1958.
    In February petrol prices increased but winter clothing
prices stayed low and vegetable prices fell.
    The February year on year fall was due to lower vegetable,
fuel oil, petrol, electricity and gas prices, and despite
higher housing, education, footwear and clothing costs.
    The unadjusted consumer price index for the Tokyo area
(base 1985) in mid-March rose 0.4 pct from a month earlier to
100.6, reflecting higher vegetable prices.
    The index fell 0.3 pct year on year, the third consecutive
yearly drop, reflecting lower food and utility costs.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10377>
Japan's consumer price index (base 1985)
was unchanged at 99.7 in February from a month earlier, the
government's Management and Coodination Agency said.
    The index showed a 0.4 pct drop in January.
    The February index was down one pct from a year earlier for
the third consecutive year-on-year drop.
    In January, the index fell 1.1 pct from a year earlier, the
first drop of over one pct since a 1.3 pct drop in September
1958.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10385>
U.S. consumer prices, as measured by
the Consumer Price Index for all urban consumers (CPI-U), rose
a seasonally adjusted 0.4 pct in February after a 0.7 pct
January gain, the Labor Department said.
    The CPI for urban wage earners and clerical workers (CPI-W)
rose to 329.0 in February, the department said.
    Prices for petroleum-based energy rose sharply for a second
consecutive month during February but by less than in January,
the department said.
    Energy prices rose 1.9 pct last month after a 3.0 pct rise
in January, accounting for one-third of the overall CPI rise.
    For the 12 months ended in February, the CPI rose an
unadjusted 2.1 pct.
    Transportation prices rose 0.5 pct in February after a 1.5
pct increase in January. Smaller price rises for motor fuels
and declines in new car prices and finance charges were
responsible for the moderation.
    Gasoline prices rose 4.2 pct last month after increasing
6.6 pct in January, but were still 18 pct below levels of a
year ago, the department said.
    Housing prices rose 0.4 pct in February after a 0.5 pct
January increase, largely due to a rise in fuel oil prices.
    Fuel oil prices were up 4.4 pct in February after
increasing 9.8 pct in January, but were still 15 pct below
price levels of February 1986.
    Food prices rose 0.2 pct last month after a 0.5 pct January
increase. Grocery store food prices were up 0.4 pct, the same
as in January, but meat, poultry, fish and eggs cost less for a
third consecutive month, the department said.
    Medical care rose 0.3 pct in February to a level 7.1 pct
above one year ago, because of higher costs for prescription
and non-prescription drugs and medical supplies, the department
said.
    The index for apparel and upkeep rose 0.7 pct in February
after a 0.4 pct increase in January. The department said the
introduction of higher priced spring merchandise, particularly
men's clothing, was responsible for the advance.
    Prices for other goods and services rose 0.7 pct in
February following a 1.1 pct increase in January. Tobacco
prices, up 0.9 pct after a 2.0 pct January increase, accounted
for 30 pct of the index rise, the department said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10553>
Latest consumer price data indicate
U.S. inflation will be moderate in 1987 even though it will be
above last year's pace, economists said.
    "Inflation is not such a constructive factor as this time
last year, but it's not building up a large head of steam,"
said Allan Leslie of Discount Corp.
    U.S. consumer prices, as measured by the consumer price
index for all urban consumers, rose a seasonally adjusted 0.4
pct in February after a 0.7 pct January gain. Energy prices,
which fired January's data with a three pct rise, advanced a
more moderate 1.9 pct last month.
    The CPI came within the range of economists' expectations
and had little direct impact on U.S. financial markets.
    Among the key components of the report, transportation
prices rose 0.5 pct in February after a 1.5 pct January gain
reflecting smaller price appreciation for motor fuels and
declines in new car prices and finance charges.
    "There are no pronounced pressures at the retail level,"
said William Sullivan of Dean Witter Reynolds Inc.
    Economists said the latest CPI supports existing
expectations for an inflation rate of 3.5 to four pct in 1987.
    The CPI rose 1.1 pct from December 1985 to December 1986.
Without last year's energy price drop, it rose 3.8 pct.
    Economists said that upward pressure on import prices as a
result of the dollar's drop as well as the volatile energy
component warrant attention in case gains in these areas become
factored into the wider economic picture.
    "As long as those price rises do not become entrenched in
cost of living adjustments contained in labor contracts, thus
reducing international competitiveness, then the Federal
Reserve would probably be willing to tolerate four pct
inflation," said Larry Leuzzi of S.G. Warburg and Co Inc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10567>
Consumer energy costs rose 1.9 pct
in February following a sharp rise last month, the Labor
Department said.
    The February increase in the overall energy costs,
including petroleum, coal and natural gas, followed a 0.2 pct
drop in December and a 3.0 pct rise in January, it said.
    Energy prices were 12.2 pct below year-ago levels.
    The department's Consumer Price Index showed that the cost
of gasoline rose in February by 4.2 pct, after a 6.6 pct rise
in January.
    Gasoline prices were nonetheless 18.0 pct below their
levels as of February 1986.
    Also, the category including fuel oil, coal and bottled gas
rose in February by 3.8 pct, putting it 14.9 pct under the
year-ago figure.
    The index also showed that natural gas and electricity were
unchanged last month, but down 3.5 pct from the February 1986
figure, the department said.
    The index has been updated  o reflect 1982-84 consumption
patterns; previously, the index was based on 1972-73 patterns.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10724>
French retail prices rose a confirmed 0.2
pct in February, in line with provisional figures released two
weeks ago showing a rise of between 0.1 and 0.2 pct, the
National Statistics Institute said.
    The rise compared with a 0.9 pct rise in January.
    Year-on-year retail price inflation was confirmed at 3.4
pct for February compared with a three pct rise year-on-year in
January.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11197>
Italy's consumer price index rose 0.4 pct
in March compared with February after an identical increase in
February over January, the national statistics institute Istat
said.
    The year-on-year rise in March was 4.2 pct, unchanged on
February and compared with 7.2 pct in March 1986.
    Istat said its consumer price index for the families of
workers and employees, base year 1985 equals 100, registered
109.5 in March 1987 compared with 109.1 in February this year
and 105.1 in March 1986.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11894>
Inflation in Turkey was 3.7 pct in March
compared with 1.7 pct in February and 1.3 pct in March 1986,
the State Statistics Institute said.
    The annual rate rose to 34.7 pct in March compared with
31.7 pct in February and 34.2 pct in March 1986. The
government's target is to reduce inflation this year to an
annual 20 pct.
    The consumer price index, base 1978/79, was 1,957.3
compared with 1,886.8 in February and 1,452.7 in March, 1986.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12080>
Yugoslav retail prices in March rose
7.0 pct from February, to stand 93.2 pct higher than in March
1986, Federal Statistics Office (FSO) figures show.
    In February, retail prices rose 7.2 pct from January to
stand 91.6 pct higher than in February 1986.
    The cost of living, which includes rents and costs such as
utilities and transport, was up 7.8 pct in March from February
to stand 94.8 pct higher than in March 1986, the FSO said.
    In February the cost of living increased 7.3 pct from
January and stood 93.6 pct higher than in February 1986.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12464>
The cost of living was unchanged in
March compared with February but stood 0.2 pct lower than in
the same month in 1986, the Federal Statistics Office said.
    This confirms provisional figures released at the end of
last month.
    In February the cost of living in West Germany rose 0.1 pct
from January to stand 0.5 pct lower than in February 1986.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12771>
Swiss inflation is likely to rise in 1987
and 1988 because of inflationary tendencies in the domestic
economy, the Centre for Economic Research of the Federal
Institute of Technology said in its spring review.
    It forecast a rise in consumer prices of two pct in 1988
compared with 1.3 pct in 1987. Low import prices in 1986 helped
to keep annual inflation down to 0.8 pct.
    The centre said that in general the outlook for the Swiss
economy in 1987 and 1988 remained favourable, despite the more
difficult international economic climate facing export
industry.
    The centre repeated its previous forecast that growth in
Swiss domestic product would slow to 2.2 pct in 1987 from 2.5
pct in 1986. It revised its forecast for 1988 GDP growth to 1.7
pct from 1.6 pct in its last autumn review.
    Domestic demand will continue to replace exports as the
motor of economic growth. Private consumption will grow by
three pct in 1987 and two pct in 1988 against 3.75 pct in 1986.
    Growth in goods exports will slow to 1.75 pct in 1987 from
2.1 pct in 1986 but pick up slightly to 2.5 pct in 1988. All
three figures are well below the Swiss average for recent
years. In 1985, for example, exports increased by 9.1 pct.
    The centre said the strength of the Swiss franc, which has
firmed sharply in recent months, would continue to put pressure
on Swiss exporters.
    It forecast that imports of goods would grow by a more
modest 4.5 pct in 1987 and 3.25 pct in 1988 than in 1986, when
import prices fell substantially and imports rose by 8.2 pct.
    Industrial production will grow by 1.6 pct in 1987 and 1.2
pct in 1988 compared with 4.2 pct in 1986.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13007>
Colombia's cost of living index rose 2.71
pct in March, after a 2.03 pct increase in February and a 2.21
pct rise in March 1986, the government statistics institute
said.
    The result brought year-on-year inflation to 20.36 pct
compared with 22.65 pct at end-March 1986 and 19.77 pct for the
year ending February 1987.
    The government has predicted that inflation this year would
be slightly lower than in 1986 when it reached 20.9 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13172>
peru's consuemr price index rose 5.3 pct
last month to 13,914.4 (base 100) following a 5.3 pct increase
in february and 5.3 pct rise in march 1986, the national
statistics institute said.
    It said that the accumulated inflation for the first three
months of 1987 was 18.5 pct compared to 15.4 pct for the same
period last year.
    Inflation for the 12-month period ending march 1987 was
67.4 pct compared to 120.8 pct for the 12-month period ending
march 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13333>
Swiss consumer prices rose one pct in the
year to March, the same rise as in the year to February, and
against 0.9 pct in the year to March 1986, the Federal
Statistics Office said.
    In March alone, prices rose 0.1 pct after a 0.3 pct rise in
February.
    The March index, base 1982, was 109.7 against 109.5 in
February.
    The Statistics Office said the March increase reflected
rises in certain sectors such as food, clothing and household
goods and falls in transport, heating and lighting.
    Both home produced and imported goods rose by 0.1 pct
during the month. But over the year as a whole, domestically
generated inflation reached 2.5 pct, offset by a 2.8 pct drop
in imports.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14770>
Bundesbank President Karl Otto Poehl
said a weaker dollar would be risky and a further appreciation
of the mark would damage prospects for sustained West German
economic growth.
    In a speech to the Institute of Contempory German Affairs
here, Poehl said "It would be an extremely risky policy to aim
for a further substantial decline in the value of the dollar to
correct the trade deficit."
    He said the United States could face a vicious circle of
depreciation, inflation and more depreciation if it took that
route.
    Poehl noted West Germany had already taken steps to meet
U.S. Demands for greater stimulation of its domestic economy,
accelerating tax cuts, cutting interest rates and tolerating
above-target money supply growth.
    He said he would have been happy to have brought forward
five billion marks of tax cuts now planned for January 1988 to
the beginning of this year, but he said the government faced
political constraints getting such measures through the upper
house of the West German parliament.
    But there were also limits to the impact West Germany could
accept on exports from a rising mark, he said.
    Poehl said West Germany relied on exports for about
one-third of its gross national product, so a substantial
erosion of export markets could not be offset by increasing
demand at home.
    "A further appreciation of the mark could even be an
obstacle to further growth," he said.
    Poehl said the Bundesbank had tolerated rapid money supply
growth last year because the country enjoyed low inflation and
because external factors, including low oil prices and
favourable terms of trade, had given some extra leeway.
    But Poehl said West Germany now faced a difficult dilemma
over monetary policy.
    The underlying rate of inflation was now two pct, not the
reported negative inflation rates last year, and West Germany
was affected more than before by exchange rate developments.
    "For the time being, we will have to focus our policy more
on the external side, and we can live with a more expansionary
money supply. But we must be very careful," he said.
    He said he shared some of the U.S. Concern about Japan's
trade surpluses, which affected European countries as well as
the United States.
    Poehl welcomed the so-called Louvre accord of monetary
officials of major industrialized countries, saying the
importance of the February 22 agreement to stabilize exchange
rates had been underestimated.
    All partners had agreed that the dollar was at about the
right level, and that further changes would damage growth, he
said.
    "This was a remarkable change in attitude, especially on the
part of our American colleagues," he said.
    But he said there was still a danger that the correction of
the dollar's value could overshoot.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2529>
Argentina's cost of living index
grew 6.5 pct in January, down from last month's 7.6 pct, the
National Statistics Institute said.
    It said consumer prices rose 98.9 pct over the last 12
months, against 81.9 pct inflation in the calendar year 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2555>
Ecuador's consumer price index rose 2.5
pct in February to 562.4 (base 1978), the National Statistics
and Census Institute said.
    The rise compared to a 1.8 pct rise in January and a 2.5
pct rise in February 1986.
    The Institute said accumulated overall inflation for the
first two months of this year was 4.0 pct compared to 5.0 pct
for the same period last year.
    Inflation for the 12 months ending February 1987 was 25.5
pct compared to 13.0 pct for the 12 months ending February
1986.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3024>
Dutch economic growth is slowing as a
firming guilder cuts competitiveness abroad and industries
reduce the pace of investment, the Dutch official planning
agency CPB said.
    The Centraal Planbureau, publishing its 1987 economic
outlook, said Dutch Net National Income (NNI) was expected to
grow by one pct this year, down from two pct growth recorded in
1986 and 2.5 pct in 1985 and 1984.
    Dutch Gross National Product is expected to rise to 432.20
billion guilders in 1987 in constant prices, a two pct increase
from last year's 423.95 billion.
    The CPB, forecasting an 8.5 pct increase in the value of
the guilder on a trade-weighted basis compared with 10.0 pct
last year, said the dollar was expected to trade at an average
of 2.0 guilders in 1987 compared with 2.45 guilders in 1986.
    "The higher guilder is causing a substantial fall in unit
labour costs abroad, when measured in guilder terms, while
these are rising slightly in the Netherlands," the CPB said.
    More of economic growth now depended on domestic
consumption, the CPB said, but noting that higher margins set
by domestic producers and importers mitigated the effect on
purchasing power of lower import costs and deflation.
    Consumer prices were set to fall by 1.5 pct this year, the
CPB said. Inflation was zero last year.
    Gross investment in industry was expected to grow by five
pct this year, a slowdown compared with 11.5 pct growth last
year, the CPB said.
    Exchange rate and oil price fluctuations will continue to
condition the Dutch economy in the future as it has in recent
years, the CPB said, noting a continued depressing impact of
these factors on Dutch competitiveness.
    In addition, it noted a slight rise in taxation and social
security costs to employers.
    The CPB, forecasting a rise in the budget deficit to 7.2
pct of Net National Income in 1987 from 6.3 pct last year,
urged the government to cut expenditure further to bring down
the deficit and reduce tax and social security payments in
future.
    Dutch government revenue is being depressed further by
falling income from natural gas sales in 1987, the CPB said.
    It said unemployment was expected to fall to 675,000 this
year from 710,000 last year.
    While the two pct GDP growth forecast set by the CPB is
within its latest forecast, issued last month, of 1.5 to two
pct growth, the figure is well above recent market estimates.
    Dutch merchant bank Pierson, Heldring en Pierson said in
its February economic outlook that GDP growth at constant
prices was expected to be 1.1 pct this year and market analysts
had expected the CPB's final forecast to be below its own
latest estimate.
    "It is too early to comment because I haven't seen the whole
document yet, but it would seem we are more pessimistic in some
of our estimates," a Pierson economist said.
    The CPB forecast 2.5 pct export growth in volume terms in
1987, after four pct growth last year. Excluding energy
exports, the 1987 figure would be two pct, it said.
    Imports were set to rise by 4.5 pct this year compared with
four pct in 1986 in volume terms, the CPB said.
    The balance of payments would see a sharp decline in the
surplus, to six billion guilders in 1987 compared with 12.1
billion last year, the CPB forecast.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3411>
A confidential World Bank report on the
Peruvian economy has said the government's strategy does not
offer good prospects for medium and long-term growth and is
likely to lead to an early renewal of inflationary pressure.
    The report, published today by the economic monthly, The
Peru Report, said the success of president Alan Garcia's
government in stimulating output last year to achieve a growth
in gross domestic product of over eight pct "represents gains in
the short term at the expense of the long."
    Government officials had no immediate comment on the
report, which advised a reduction in the overall size of the
public investment program and greater emphasis on the
preservation of Peru's export potential.
    The report said that although the government had succeeded
in cutting inflation from 250 pct a year in the first half of
1985 to under 70 pct, its stabilisation and reactivation
program was encountering rising difficulties.
    "An early renewal of inflationary pressures, linked to
monetary expansion, exchange rate devaluation and an easing of
price controls, appears not improbable," it added.
    The world bank report said the government's policies had
reduced inflation and short-term increases in consumption at
the apparent cost of price distortions, overvaluation of the
currency, balance of payments disequilibrium, reserve losses,
and sharply diminished creditworthiness.
    It said unless the government took action quickly to fix a
competitive exchange rate and control the public sector
deficit, "the higher the probability will be that the government
will eventually have to resort to drastic curtailment of
domestic demand and either sharp devaluation or still further
controls on imports in order to stem inflation and support the
balance of payments."
    It said the bank would place more emphasis on the
preservation of peru's export potential, external links and
overall economic efficiency.
    The government's incentive policies towards the mining and
petroleum sectors, among its main traditional exports,
suggested that it did not accord high priority to their
economic viability, it added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3593>
National Bank of Hungary first
vice-president Janos Fekete said he hoped a planned eight pct
devaluation of the forint will spur exports and redress last
year's severe trade deficit with the West.
    Fekete told Reuters in an interview Hungary must achieve at
least equilibrium on its hard currency trade.
    "It is useful to have a devaluation," he said. "There is now a
real push to our exports and a bit of a curb to our imports."
    The official news agency MTI said today Hungary would
devalue by eight pct and it expected the new rates to be
announced later today. Fekete said the rates would come into
effect tomorrow.
    He said one reason for the devaluation was that Hungary had
a higher rate of inflation over the past two years than its
main partners (around eight pct in 1985 and between five and
5.5 pct in 1986).
    This was partly an after-effect of action Hungary took to
prevent inflation from soaring during the oil price shocks of
the 1970s, he added.
    Hungary devalued by a similar amount last September and by
between three and four pct early last year.
    But the country's hard currency trade balance nevertheless
fell into a deficit of 539.4 mln dlrs from a surplus of 295.3
mln in 1986 and 1.2 billion in 1985.
    Fekete said Hungary was hoping for a hard currency trade
surplus of between 200 and 300 mln dlrs this year, but that a
more likely outcome would be closer to equilibrium on total
hard currency trade of around 10 billion dlrs.
    One Western commercial attache here said: "Devaluation of
itself will not change anything. It will only be useful if they
also make efforts to restructure industry and improve the
quality of their export goods."
    Fekete said he hoped to raise credits on good terms this
year to invest in restructuring industry.
    It would be his role to persuade international banks to
cooperate in this process. He noted Hungary had been given an
AA rating enabling it to raise money on the Japanese Samurai
bond market.
    Hungary's net hard currency debt soared to 7.79 billion
dlrs last year from 5.01 billion in 1985, partly because of a
current account deficit of 1.42 billion dlrs and partly because
the fall in the dollar increased the dollar value of debt
denominated in marks or yen.
    He said he feared net debt would also rise slightly this
year, but he was in favour of borrowing for the purpose of
modernisation.
    "I am for credits to invest for that purpose," he said. "I am
against credits for consumption." He forecast gross domestic
product growth of two pct this year, from one pct in 1986.
   Fekete said Hungary would continue to restructure its debt
profile by prepaying high interest shorter and medium term
loans with cheaper long term money for which it was looking
more and more to the fixed interest rate bond market, where he
considered rates to be low.
    Hard currency foreign exchange reserves would stay at
around 3.5 billion dlrs, he said. On the budget deficit, which
tripled to a provisional 47 billion forints last year after
quadrupling in 1985, Fekete said the finance ministry was
working out measures to reduce an approved target deficit for
this year of 43.8 billion forints to between 30 and 35 billion
forints.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4548>
Bolivia is to make a formal offer during
the next few months to buy back its 900 mln dlrs debt from
commercial banks at a discount of up to 90 pct, central bank
president Jier Nogales said.
     Nogales told Reuters in an interview the steering
committee of Bolivia's creditor banks had agreed to consider
the offer at a meeting in New York last month.
     He said the offer would be based on the value of Bolivian
paper on the international secondary debt market, where it now
trades at between 10 and 15 pct of its face value.
    Nogales said Bolivia will make a single offer to buy back
its commercial debt and banks who accepted would be paid the
discounted rate in full.
    Banks which declined the offer would be repaid over 20 to
30 years at interest rates below those fixed in the
international markets, he added.
    Bolivia has frozen payments on medium and long term loans
to commercial banks since March, 1984, and Nogales said there
would be no money available to restart traditional debt
servicing to them for some time.
     Several Latin American countries have initiated schemes to
cancel foreign debt by equity swaps or third party buy-backs,
but Bolivia would be the first country in the region to make a
formal offer to buy back all its commercial bank debt at
discounted rates.
    Nogales said practical and strategic considerations would
determine the exact timing of the offer but it would be made in
the next few months.
     He said Bolivia would not bargain with creditor banks over
the price to paid for the debt paper they hold, and would make
a single non-negotiable offer.
    He said Bolivia could not even pay interest to friendly
creditor countries, let alone commercial banks. The only
traditional way forward was to capitalise interest, which would
mean greater bank exposure in Bolivia and greater loss
provisions, he added.
    "We are confident that the banks are going to be
reasonable," Nogales said. "Now they can resolve their problems
for once and for all."
    "The most conservative ones who want a little more will
wait a year, but I don't know if the window of opportunity will
be open all the time," he added.
    Discussing the status of other parts of Bolivia's four
billion dlr foreign debt, 2.5 billion of which is owed to
governments and the rest to international agencies, Nogales
said negotiators had achieved considerable success in recent
discussions with the Paris Club.
     He said Paris Club creditors had agreed to reschedule
Bolivian debt over 10 years with five to six years grace, while
accepting that interest would not be paid until 1989. Interest
rates were being discussed on a bilateral basis under Paris
Club rules, he added.
     He said some Paris Club members had agreed to disregard
penalty interest payments and negotiations were continuing with
Argentina and Brazil, who hold 700 mln dlrs of Bolivian debt.
    He said Bolivia was continuing to service loans from
international agencies, and it expected to receive up to 400
mln dlrs in disbursements this year.
    The capital flow for loans and their servicing had changed
from a negative balance of 250 mln dlrs in 1985 to a net inflow
of 130 mln dlrs last year, he added.
    Nogales said that Bolivia's net international reserves now
stood at around 250 mln dlrs, compared to one mln dlrs in
disposable funds when the government of Victor Paz Estenssoro
took office in August, 1985.
    Nogales said inflation, which soared to over 20,000 pct a
year in the government's first month in office, was now down to
10 pct on an annualised basis from the last six months, and the
plan was that it should continue at this level.
    He said the government was also expecting at least three
pct growth in gdp this year after several years of negative
rates.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4555>
Federal Reserve Board Chairman Paul
Volcker said both the Fed and the financial markets remain
concerned about the possibility of renewed inflation.
    "A possibility of renewed inflation remains of concern,
both in the markets and within the Federal Reserve," he said in
remarks prepared for delivery to a group of business leaders
here.
    He said one potential channel for renewed inflationary
pressures would be an excessive fall of the dollar in the
exchange markets, which would push import prices up sharply.
    He said participants in financial markets and business
remain skeptical of prospects for lasting price stability.
    "Should the skepticism about our ability to resist
inflation be reinforced by bad policy, the consequences for
interest rates, for exchange rates, and for the economy
generally would clearly be undesirable...recognition of that
danger neccesarily must weigh heavily in the formation of
monetary policy," the Fed chairman said.
    Volcker said attempts to drive the dollar much lower would
undermine the hard won gains against inflation and would risk
dissipating the flow of foreign capital.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4573>
president jaime lusinchi defended the
20.3 billion dlr debt rescheduling accord his government
recently signed, saying it will open new credit flows and bring
needed foreign investment to venezuela.
    In his annual state of the nation speech, lusinchi also
said venezuela supports other latin american debtors, despite
having reached a rescheduling accord on its own.
    In the 90-minute speech to the congress, lusinchi summed up
the achievements of his administration, which took office in
february 1984. He pointed to the 3.3 pct growth in non-oil gdp
in 1986 and to a "moderate" 12 pct inflation rate.
    Lusinchi said the 20.3 billion dlr debt rescheduling signed
feb. 27 put an end to a process which had been 'the calvary of
our nation over the post four years.'
    In the refinancing accord, he said, venezuela managed to
achieve 'the most inmportant thing, which is the reopening of
financial flows from abroad, essential for the financing of
development and the (financing) of trade and investment.'
    Once all the details of the agreement are finalized, he
said, venezuela will seek new financing for the imported
components of new development projects.
    "our intention is not to continue being net exporters of
capital, but to protect our balance of payments with a flow of
capital towards venezuela," he said.
    Under the agreement signed february 27, venezuela extended
payments on the debt from 12 to 14 years, while the interest
rate was lowered from 1 y 1/8 to 7/8 of a pct over libor.
    At the same time, payments over the next three years were
lowered from 3.450 to 1.350 billion dlrs.
    Lusinchi defended the rescheduling accord against critics
who said it merely deferred the weight of payments to future
governments.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4741>
Portugal's consumer prices rose one pct
last month after a 1.2 pct increase in January and a 1.3 pct
rise in February 1986, the National Statistics Institute said.
    The consumer price index (base 1976) rose to 761.3 from
753.7 in January and compared with 695.4 in February 1986.
    This gave a year-on-year February inflation rate of 9.5 pct
against 9.8 pct in January and 12.6 pct in February 1986.
    Measured as an annual average rate, inflation in February
was 11.1 pct compared with 11.4 pct in January.  The government
forecasts annual average inflation of about eight pct this
year.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5145>
Ecuador announced an austerity program
and a price freeze on key consumer goods as a result of last
week's earthquake which killed at least 300 people.
    Presidency Minister Patricio Quevedo said in a televised
address that the budget would be cut by five to 10 pct,
government hiring would be frozen and salaries of top
officials, including the president and cabinet, would be
reduced.
    He also said a price freeze would be imposed on 20 basic
consumer items, mainly food staples, while the price of petrol
would rise by between 69 and 80 pct and bus fares would rise by
20 pct. Petrol supplies would also be limited.
    Information Ministry officials said the price freeze was
aimed at protecting poor Ecuadoreans from a wave of
specualtion. Violators would be severely punished, according to
the price freeze order, signed by five cabinet ministers.
    The items for which prices were frozen included rice,
sugar, cooking oil, potatoes, salt, wheat flour, cigarettes,
soft drinks, school supplies and several kinds of vegetables.
    Ecuador's consumer price inflation was 23 pct in 1986.
    The price of 92-octane petrol rises to 110 sucres a U.S.
Gallon from 65 sucres. Eighty-octane petrol increases to 90
sucres from 50.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5194>
New Zealand's inflation rate could
fall to eight pct in the coming year, Prime Minister David
Lange said.
    He said forecasts to be released soon by research groups
would predict a rate of around eight or nine pct in the 12
months to the end of March 1988, against 18.2 pct in calendar
1986.
    "I predict it will be something between eight and 10 per
cent," he told a news conference.
    Lange would not name the forecasting groups.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5231>
Israel's inflation rate for February
was one pct, compared to 2.1 pct in January and 1.6 pct in
February 1986, a spokesman for the Central Bureau of Statistics
said.
    Inflation for the 12 months ending in February was 23 pct,
the spokesman said.
    February price rises were mostly in housing, health,
education, entertainment and transport.
    Wage and price controls have been in force since August
1985. Officials said the controls have helped soften the effect
of a recent 10 pct devaluation of the shekel.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5238>
The Dutch cost of living index (base
1980) fell 1.2 pct to 121.5 in the year to mid-February after a
1.3 pct fall in the year to mid-January 1987, the Economics
Ministry said.
    The February index was 0.2 pct up on January.
    Clothing, shoe and vegetable prices rose in February while
prices of coffee, heating oil and most car fuels fell, the
Ministry added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5245>
Year-on year Finnish consumer prices
fell to 3.5 pct in February 1986 from 3.7 pct in January and
4.6 pct in February 1985, the Central Statistical Office said.
    Consumer prices rose 0.3 pct in February after rises of one
pct in January and 0.5 pct in February 1985.
    The consumer price index, base 1981, was 142.7 in February,
142.2 in January and 137.8 in February 1986.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5260>
Yugoslav retail prices in February
rose 7.2 pct from January to stand 91.6 pct higher than in
February 1986, the Federal Statistics Office said.
    In January retail prices rose 6.6 pct from December to
stand 90.4 pct higher than in January 1986.
    The cost of living, an index that includes services and
utilities as well as retail prices, was up 7.3 pct in February
from January and stood 93.6 pct higher than in February 1986.
    In January the cost of living increased by 6.4 pct from
December and stood 91.8 pct higher than in January 1986.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5318>
A year after squeezing to power with a
narrow bare coalition majority, Gaullist Prime minister Jacques
Chirac has swept away a cobweb of controls and regulations
choking the French economy.
    But France is still waiting for a promised industrial
recovery the government says will follow from its free market
policies. Company profits and the stock market are rising. But
so is unemployment. Growth is stagnant at about two pct a year
and the outlook for inflation, held to a 20-year low of 2.1 pct
in 1986, is uncertain.
    Forced last month to cut the government's 1987 growth
target and raise its inflation estimate, Finance Minister
Edouard Balladur ruled out action to stimulate the economy. But
some government supporters say they fear time for an economic
miracle may be running out.
    The political clock is ticking towards Presidential
elections due by April next year.
    France's economic performance, led by a mixed cast of
right-wing ministers and a socialist President, has won mixed
reviews from non-partisan analysts.
    For Michel Develle, Director of Economic Studies at
newly-privatised Banque Paribas, the government's outstanding
achievement has been to launch "a veritable intellectual
revolution" breaking the staid habits formed by centuries of
state control.
    "The figures may look mediocre -- neither good nor bad --
but set in their context of structural reforms, they are
excellent," Develle said.
    But some analysts say they fear that Balladur, chief
architect of the government's free market policies, may be
pursuing a mirage.
    "The belief that economic liberalism will produce an
explosion of economic forces is ideological" said Indosuez chief
economist Jean Cheval. "Personally I think it's an illusion.
Dirigisme (direction) is a basic fact of the French system,
from school onwards. Ultra-liberalism is impossible."
    Illusion or not, the government has pushed its vision hard.
Over the past year foreign exchange and consumer price controls
have been largely abolished, labour regulations have been
pruned to ease the sacking of redundant workers and a hugely
popular programme has been launched to sell state-owned banks
and industries to private investors.
    Since December, nearly five mln French investors have
bought shares in Cie Financiere de Paribas &lt;PARI.PA> and glass
maker Cie de Saint-Gobain SA &lt;SGEP.PA>, the first two state
companies brought to the stock market under the 300 billion
franc five-year privatisation plan.
    Encouraged by an amnesty for past illegal exports of
capital, and the lifting of most currency controls, money has
flooded into the Paris stockmarket from abroad, helping to lift
the market 57 pct last year and another 12.5 pct since
December.
    At the end of last year the government abolished price
controls that had existed for 42 years on services such as car
repairs and hairdressing, freeing from state intervention small
businesses which account for some 60 pct of the French economy.
    The immediate result was a 0.9 pct rise in consumer prices
in January, partly responsible for a forced revision in the
official 1987 inflation forecast, to 2.5 pct from two pct or
less.
    "But even 2.5 pct would be a fantastic result, when you
consider that prices are now free for the first time since
1945," commented Develle of Paribas.
    Other achievements include a major reduction in the state's
foreign debts, and a cut in the state budget deficit to 141.1
billion francs last year, 2.5 billion francs below target and
down from 153.3 billion in 1985.
    But despite a healthy balance of payments surplus and a
gradual improvement in industrial productivity, the French
franc was forced by speculators in January into a humiliating
three pct devaluation against the West German mark, its second
since Chirac took power.
    A recent report by the Organisation for Economic
Cooperation and Development pilloried French industry for
failing to produce the goods that its potential customers
wanted.
    Outside the mainly state-controlled high technology
sectors, French industrial goods were "increasingly ill-adapted
to demand" and over-priced, the report said.
    French economists, including Cheval at Indosuez, agreed
with the report. "One of the assumptions of the government is
that if you give them freedom, the employers will invest and
modernise....But nine out of ten will say yes, they like
freedom, and then wait to be told which way to go," he said.
    And despite rising industrial investment and the
introduction of special incentives to boost youth employment,
the end-1986 number of jobless was reported at a record 2.7
million, some 300,000 more than a year earlier.
    The problem for the government is that there may be little
more it can do to prod the economy into faster growth.
    French producers failed more than most to take advantage of
last year's oil price falls and growth hopes now rest on the
shaky prospects of expansion in other industrial countries like
West Germany and Japan, they say.
 REUTER...
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5389>
French inflation slowed in February to
between 0.1 and 0.2 pct against 0.9 pct in January, the
National Statistics Institute (INSEE) said.
    The retail price index showed a year-on-year rise of 3.4
pct against three pct in January. An INSEE official said the
final figure for February would be released later this month.
    After January's rise the government was forced to revise
its inflation target for 1987 to 2.5 pct year on year from an
initial target of two pct, after 2.1 pct in 1986.
    Finance Minister Edouard Balladur said half the January
rise was due to higher oil prices and forecast a February
slowing.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5523>
Finance Minister Edouard Balladur said he
was maintaining his 2.5 pct inflation target for 1987 after the
announcement earlier today of a 3.4 pct year-on-year rise in
retail prices for February.
    He told a radio interviewer he saw no reason to revise his
target for 1987 after the February monthly result of between
0.1 to O.2 pct, following a 0.9 pct rise in January (three pct
year on year) that forced the government to revise an earlier
target of two pct to a current 2.5 pct.
    He said he was happy with "a good result" for February but
stressed a need for continued "vigilance" against inflation.
    A Finance Ministry statement said the year-on-year
differential between French and lower West German inflation
rates, calculated on the last three months, had narrowed in
February to two to 2.3 pct compared to 2.7 pct in January.
    If calculated on the last 12 months, the differential came
to 3.9 pct, the statement said, adding "The tendency is
therefore one of a lessening of the inflation gap with our main
trading partner."
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5830>
Inflation in the 24 industrialised
nations of the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and
Development was 2.1 pct in the year to January, unchanged from
December, the OECD said.
    But monthly inflation throughout the OECD was an average
0.4 pct in January, a rise compared to the 0.2 pct in the last
quarter.
    Retail energy prices rose strongly in January, reflecting
the firming of world oil prices. For OECD states the increase
was 0.7 pct but the January level of retail energy prices was
still 11.6 pct lower than a year earlier, the OECD said.
    The increase in consumer prices excluding food and energy,
at 0.4 pct in January for the whole OECD area, was unchanged on
the four previous months, but over the year to January OECD
consumer prices rose by 3.5 pct, against 3.3 pct in December.
    Unadjusted annual inflation for the seven leading
industrialised nations in January was running at 4.4 pct in
Italy, 3.9 pct in Britain and Canada, three pct in France, 1.4
pct in the U.S., Minus 0.8 pct in West Germany and minus 1.5
pct in Japan, the OECD said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6385>
Spain's consumer price index rose 0.4
pct in February after increases of 0.7 pct the previous month
and 0.4 pct in February last year, National Statistics
Institute figures show.
    Year-on-year inflation was six pct compared with the
government five pct target for 1987. It rose 8.3 pct last year.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6406>
New Zealand's inflation and interest
rates should decline and the balance of payments improve
significantly in the fiscal year to the end of March 1988, the
Institute of Economic Research (NZIER) said.
    The independent institute said in its quarterly March issue
that it was also revising its fiscal 1987 real gross domestic
product (GDP) forecast to a fall of 0.5 pct against the one pct
drop forecast in December.
    Government figures show GDP grew at an annual 1.8 pct in
the quarter to September and 3.4 pct in the June quarter.
    The NZIER said the sharp improvement in the June and
September quarters was due mainly to a new tax structure and
the introduction of a 10 pct value-added goods and services tax
and is not expected to continue in the second half of 1986/87.
    The government's tight fiscal position is not expected to
change, it said.
    Annual inflation, measured by the consumer price index, is
forecast to fall to nine pct by next March from 18.2 pct in
calendar 1986, it said.
    "Falling inflation is likely to give significant scope for
reductions in nominal interest rates; real interest rates are
also expected to ease (albeit slightly) as the balance of
payments deficit and hence the call on overseas capital, falls
away," the NZIER said.
    Short-term interest rates are forecast to remain between 20
and 25 pct until the June quarter, but will decline over the
second half of 1987/88 to between 16 and 18 pct. Long-term
rates are expected to fall to between 14 and 16 pct.
    Five year government bond rates are currently 18.40 pct and
the key indicator 30-day bank bills 26.53 pct.
    The local dollar is expected to depreciate steadily in the
early part of the coming year and, by next March, reach 57.5 on
the Reserve Bank's trade weighted index, which is based on a
basket of currencies. The index now stands at around 66.4.
    "A marked improvement in the balance of payments is
forecast," the NZIER said. "The current account deficit is
expected to fall from 7.5 pct of GDP in 1985/86 to 4.5 pct in
1986/87 and 2.5 pct in 1987/88."
    The current account deficit is forecast to shrink to 1.32
billion N.Z. Dlrs in 1987/88 from 2.40 billion in 1986/87 and
3.33 billion in 1985/86.
    The 1987/88 budget deficit is forecast to be 2.8 billion
dlrs against an expected 2.9 billion dlrs in 1986/87 and 1.87
billion in 1985/86.
    This compares with the government's 1986/87 deficit figure
of 2.92 billion against an earlier forecast of 2.45 billion.
    "Conditions in the coming year are sufficiently subdued to
contribute to marked improvements in both the balance of
payments and the rate of inflation ...," the NZIER said.
    "Overall, these are significant gains for the New Zealand
economy and, if they continue to be improved upon, bode well
for future prospects."
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6920>
Brazilian consumer prices rose
13.9 pct in February, compared to January's record rate of 16.8
pct, the Brazilian Geography and Statistics Institute said in a
statement.
    The February rise brought the increase in consumer prices
since the introduction of the anti-inflation Cruzado Plan a
year ago to 62.5 pct.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6965>
Sweden's rate of inflation during
January has been revised downwards after a fault was made in
calculating the figures, the Central Bureau of Statistics said.
    The January rise in consumer prices was 1.0 pct instead of
the previously announced 1.3 pct, the bureau said, without
explaining how the error arose.
    Consumer prices in February rose 0.3 pct compared with 0.1
pct in February last year, the bureau said. The total inflation
rate so far this year is therefore 1.3 pct, allowing for
January's revised figures, it added.
    Year-on-year inflation rose to 3.4 pct in February, against
a revised 3.2 pct in January and a year-on-year rate of 5.3 pct
in February 1986, the bureau said.
    The slowdown in price rises was mainly due to a government
imposed price freeze which came into force on February 4, the
bureau added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6982>
Brazilian consumer prices rose
13.9 pct in February, compared with January's record rate of
16.8 pct, the Brazilian Geography and Statistics Institute
(IBGE) said in a statement.
    The February rise brought the increase in consumer prices
since the introduction of the anti-inflation Cruzado Plan a
year ago to 62.5 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7177>
The U.K. Government tomorrow will
release the first of its Retail Price Index (RPI) figures
calculated on a revised group of components and rebased on
January 1987, as previously announced, the Employment
Department said.
    The index, Britain's measure of inflation, is for February.
Earlier data will not be revised as there are no equivalent
figures including the new components, a spokesman said.
    Previously, the RPI base was January, 1974.
    Market forecasts centre on a 0.4-0.5 pct monthly rise in
February and a year on year rate about 4.0 pct. The government
forecasts annual inflation will be 4.0 pct at the end of 1987.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7314>
Federal Reserve Board Vice Chairman
Manuel Johnson said inflationary pressures are under control
and noted "wage and price pressures are very moderate."
    Johnson told a women's group that the U.S. was not seeing
the kind of cost pressures of the past.
    He said the trade imbalance was a serious trouble spot and
strong protectionist pressures, if translated into policies,
could ultimately lead to higher inflation and a high interest
rate policy by the Fed.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7584>
The Retail Price Index (RPI), Britain's
measure of inflation, rose 0.4 pct in February on a revised
basis, to give a year-on-year rise of 3.9 pct, the Employment
Department said.
    In January, the index rose 0.4 pct for a 3.9 pct
year-on-year rise on both the previous base and the new index.
    The February RPI was set at 100.4, base January 1987. In
February 1986, the RPI rose 0.4 pct, giving a 5.1 pct
year-on-year increase on the old basis.
    The inflation data compares with market forecasts for a
rise of 0.4 - 0.5 pct in February and a yearly rise of about
four pct, economists said.
    The Employment Department said the rise in the index
between January and February was mainly the result of higher
prices for petrol, fresh vegetables, cars and car maintenance.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7591>
The Canadian consumer price index rose
0.4 pct in February, to 135.8, base 1981, compared with a 0.2
pct rise in January and a 0.4 pct rise in February last year,
Statistics Canada said.
    The February year-one year rise was 4.0 pct compared with a
3.9 pct rise in January.R
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8119>
Singapore will have an inflation rate
of one pct in 1987, up from a negative 1.4 pct in 1986, Trade
and Industry Minister Lee Hsien Loong told Parliament.
    He said the 1986 drop in the inflation rate, the first fall
in a decade, was due largely to lower world prices for oil and
oil-related items.
    But Lee said the negative inflation rate is unlikely to be
repeated this year because of projected higher prices for
primary commodities and oil.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8164>
Gross domestic product is expected to
grow by 4.4 pct in the year ending June 30, Finance Minister
Mohammad Syeduzzaman told reporters.
    Inflation fell to an estimated 12 pct this fiscal year from
17 pct in 1981/82, he said last night.
    The World Bank and other independent sources have said
inflation would be around 15 pct in 1986/87.
    Syeduzzaman said remittances from expatriates would rise to
600 mln dlrs this year from 425 mln in 1981/82.
    Foreign exchange reserves at end-June are projected at 680
mln dlrs compared with 105 mln in 1981/82, he said.
    Syeduzzaman said the export target has been set at 900 mln
dlrs this year against 626 mln in 1981/82. Commitments for
foreign loans and grants total more than five billion dlrs in
1986/87, against 3.54 billion five years previously, he said.
    The government's liberal industrial policy has attracted
investment commitments totalling 250 mln dlrs, he said
    Foodgrain output is estimated at 16.4 mln tonnes this year,
up from 16.12 mln in 1985/86 and 14.4 mln in 1981/82.
    Government officials have said Bangladesh must import
nearly two mln tonnes of grain annually up to 1990, when the
government expects to attain self-sufficiency in food.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8211>
South African year-on-year consumer
price inflation rose slightly to 16.3 pct in February after
falling sharply to 16.1 pct in January from 18.1 pct in
December, Central Statistics Office figures show.
    The monthly rise in the all items index (base 1980) was
1.09 pct to 251.0 in February after a 1.4 pct increase to 248.3
in January.
    A year ago the index stood at 215.8 and year on year
consumer price inflation at 18.05 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8694>
Pakistan's consumer price index (base
1975/76) fell to 231.93 in January 1987 from 233.26 in December
1986, and compared with  223.66 a year ago, the federal Bureau
of Statistics said.
    The wholesale price index (same base) rose to 229.83 in
January from 229.06 in December and compared with  217.97 in
January 1986.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8726>
Belgian consumer prices rose 0.11 pct
in March from February to stand 1.27 pct above the level in
March 1986, the Economic Affairs Ministry said in a statement.
    It said the consumer price index, base 1981, rose to 132.83
points from 132.69 in February and 131.17 in March 1985.
    Year-on-year inflation stood at 1.00 pct in February and at
1.53 pct in March 1986.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8746>
The U.S. economy is showing some
promising signs of accelerated expansion despite the
sluggishness of the fourth quarter last year, private
economists say.
    Some of the slowness experienced in the October-December
period had been expected to spill over into the first quarter
this year, as the tax law changes that went into effect in
January slowed business and consumer spending.
    But some of the latest economic data show signs of
surprising strength in the U.S. economy, although some
economists remain cautious about the outlook.
    The Commerce Department reported today that new orders for
durable goods in February jumped by 5.7 billion dlrs, a six pct
rise, to 101.2 billion dlrs. Even excluding volatile defense
goods, durable goods orders rose a healthy 3.8 pct, the agency
said.
    The February numbers surpassed the expectations of many
financial analysts, whose predictions ranged from flat to
increases of up to five pct.
    The January/February employment statistics suggest the
Gross National Product will show a healthy rate of growth for
the first three months of this year, said Lyle Gramley, an
economist with the Mortgage Bankers Association.
    The U.S. jobless rate in February and January was 6.7 pct,
the lowest rate since March 1980. The number of new non-farm
jobs rose by 337,000 in February after a 319,000 gain in
January and a 225,000 December increase, the government said.
    The employment data suggests a GNP annual growth rate of
about three to 3.25 pct in the first quarter, said Gramley.
    Much of that will be attributed to businesses rebuilding
their inventories and is not likely to be sustained in the
second quarter, Gramley said. He expects a slowdown in the
second quarter with smaller increases in personal consumption
and government spending. He also sees residential construction
declining mostly for multi-family housing units.
    Fidelity Bank senior economist Mickey Levy said some of the
fourth quarter slowness will continue.
    Levy predicts GNP will grow at a scant 1.5 pct rate in the
first quarter of 1987, accelerate during the second quarter and
show a brisk 4.5 pct annual rate in the third quarter.
    The key to both forecasts is a marked improvement in the
U.S. trade balance which is expected because of the decline in
the dollar's value over the last year and half.
    "The improvement will be gradual and long lasting," Levy
predicted. Most of it will be through import reduction, but at
least one-third will be due to a rise in product exports as the
prices of U.S. goods become more attractive overseas.
    The Reagan administration has predicted the trade deficit,
which soared to record levels last year, will improve this year
and the U.S. economy will grow by a respectable 3.2 pct for the
year compared with a 2.5 pct rate last year.
    As part of the effort to reduce the trade deficit, the U.S.
has been pressing West Germany and Japan to stimulate their
domestic demand for goods from the U.S. and others.
    U.S. officials believe that would help take some of the
pressure off the United States whose five years of economic
growth has been the mainstay of developing countries.
    The U.S. economy provided them with a giant market for
their goods giving them a way to earn income badly needed to
service their foreign debt.
    The government last week said the U.S. economy grew at a
modest 1.1 pct annual rate during the fourth quarter.
    There were indications of improvement in the huge imbalance
between the volume of goods imported to the United States and
those shipped abroad. The report showed a rising volume of
exports corresponding to a decline in imports despite the fact
that in current dollar terms, the U.S. trade deficit worsened
during the closing three months of 1986.
    While fourth quarter economic growth was weak, corporate
profits jumped a healthy 6.1 pct during the period, the
government said. It also reported that inflation, as measured
by the GNP price deflator, remained in check, growing a
moderate 0.7 pct in the period, the lowest rise in 19 years.
    The government also reported that consumer spending, a key
element of the five year economic recovery, jumped 1.7 pct in
February, after falling two pct in January.
    The Federal Reserve Board also reported that the
manufacturing sector, which had been one of the weaker elements
of the U.S. economy, was showing signs of recovery.
    In its latest report on current economic conditions, the
Fed said that economic activity in the various regions of the
country ranged from uneven or steady to improving.
Manufacturing activity showed signs of improvement in most
regions except Dallas where orders remained sluggish.
    Chase Econometrics Chairman Lawrence Chimerine said the
pick up in the U.S. manufacturing sector is largely due to the
drop in the dollar's value. He said he does not foresee a major
pick up in economic activity, but does not believe the economy
will slip into recession either.
    He said higher prices on imported products and wage cuts
that have helped the manufacturing sector will squeeze
consumers purchasing power.
    "That pattern is starting and will continue for a number of
years," Chimerine said. He sees economic growth hovering around
a modest two pct level for the next few years.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9165>
Consumer prices fell 0.1 pct in
February, after a rise of 0.2 pct in January and no change in
February 1986, the National Statistics Office said.
    The index, base 1980, fell to 154.5 in February from 154.6
in January, against 147.4 in February 1986, giving a
year-on-year increase of 4.8 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9294>
The cost of living in North
Rhine-Westphalia, Germany's most populous state, fell 0.1 pct
in the month to mid-March to stand 0.5 pct lower than at the
same time a year earlier, the regional statistics office said.
    Prices had risen 0.3 pct in the month to mid-February but
had fallen 0.7 pct year-on-year.
    The regional figures are considered a good guide to
national inflation trends. The Federal Statistics Office is due
to publish provisional national figures for March by the end of
this month.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9433>
Inflation in the European Community,
which fell to its lowest since the 1960s between November and
January, started to take off again last month, figures from the
EC statistics office Eurostat showed.
    Consumer prices were on average three pct higher than in
February 1986, the office said. This compared with a year on
year rise of 2.7 pct in January, the lowest for 25 years, and
was the highest figure since October.
    Prices rose in February by 0.3 pct from January, after
rises of 0.4 pct in January and of 0.2 pct in each of the last
three months of 1986.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9829>
The cost of living in West Germany
was provisionally unchanged in March compared with February but
fell 0.2 pct against March 1986, the Federal Statistics Office
said.
    In February the cost of living rose 0.1 pct from January
but fell 0.5 pct compared with February 1986.
    The office said final figures for March will be released in
about 10 days.
 REUTER
</BODY>
