<BODY DOCID=9>
Champion Products Inc said its
board of directors approved a two-for-one stock split of its
common shares for shareholders of record as of April 1, 1987.
    The company also said its board voted to recommend to
shareholders at the annual meeting April 23 an increase in the
authorized capital stock from five mln to 25 mln shares.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11>
Shr 34 cts vs 1.19 dlrs
    Net 807,000 vs 2,858,000
    Assets 510.2 mln vs 479.7 mln
    Deposits 472.3 mln vs 440.3 mln
    Loans 299.2 mln vs 327.2 mln
    Note: 4th qtr not available. Year includes 1985
extraordinary gain from tax carry forward of 132,000 dlrs, or
five cts per shr.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12>
Ohio Mattress Co said its first
quarter, ending February 28, profits may be below the 2.4 mln
dlrs, or 15 cts a share, earned in the first quarter of fiscal
1986.
    The company said any decline would be due to expenses
related to the acquisitions in the middle of the current
quarter of seven licensees of Sealy Inc, as well as 82 pct of
the outstanding capital stock of Sealy.
    Because of these acquisitions, it said, first quarter sales
will be substantially higher than last year's 67.1 mln dlrs.
    Noting that it typically reports first quarter results in
late march, said the report is likely to be issued in early
April this year.
    It said the delay is due to administrative considerations,
including conducting appraisals, in connection with the
acquisitions.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13>
Oper shr loss two cts vs profit seven cts
    Oper shr profit 442,000 vs profit 2,986,000
    Revs 291.8 mln vs 151.1 mln
    Avg shrs 51.7 mln vs 43.4 mln
    Six mths
    Oper shr profit nil vs profit 12 cts
    Oper net profit 3,376,000 vs profit 5,086,000
    Revs 569.3 mln vs 298.5 mln
    Avg shrs 51.6 mln vs 41.1 mln
    NOTE: Per shr calculated after payment of preferred
dividends.
    Results exclude credits of 2,227,000 or four cts and
4,841,000 or nine cts for 1986 qtr and six mths vs 2,285,000 or
six cts and 4,104,000 or 11 cts for prior periods from
operating loss carryforwards.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14>
Shr one dlr vs 73 cts
    Net 12.6 mln vs 15.8 mln
    Revs 337.3 mln vs 315.2 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 3.07 dlrs vs 3.08 dlrs
    Net 66 mln vs 66.2 mln
    Revs 1.59 billion vs 997.1 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=18>
Dean Foods Co expects earnings for the
fourth quarter ending May 30 to exceed those of the same
year-ago period, Chairman Kenneth Douglas told analysts.
    In the fiscal 1986 fourth quarter the food processor
reported earnings of 40 cts a share.
    Douglas also said the year's sales should exceed 1.4
billion dlrs, up from 1.27 billion dlrs the prior year.
    He repeated an earlier projection that third-quarter
earnings "will probably be off slightly" from last year's 40
cts a share, falling in the range of 34 cts to 36 cts a share.
    Douglas said it was too early to project whether the
anticipated fourth quarter performance would be "enough for us
to exceed the prior year's overall earnings" of 1.53 dlrs a
share.
    In 1988, Douglas said Dean should experience "a 20 pct
improvement in our bottom line from effects of the tax reform
act alone."
    President Howard Dean said in fiscal 1988 the company will
derive  benefits of various dairy and frozen vegetable
acquisitions from Ryan Milk to the Larsen Co.
    Dean also said the company will benefit from its
acquisition in late December of Elgin Blenders Inc, West
Chicago.
    He said the company is a major shareholder of E.B.I. Foods
Ltd, a United Kingdom blender, and has licensing arrangements
in Australia, Canada, Brazil and Japan.
    "It provides ann entry to McDonalds Corp &lt;MCD> we've been
after for years," Douglas told analysts.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=23>
Brown-Forman Inc said its board
has approved a three-for-two stock split and a 35 pct increase
in the company cash dividend.
    The company cited its improved earnings outlook and
continued strong cash flow as reasons for raising the dividend.
    Brown-Forman said the split of its Class A and Class B
common shares would be effective March 13.
    The company said directors declared a quarterly cash
dividend on each new share of both classes of 28 cts, payable
April one to holders of record March 20. Prior to the split,
the company had paid 31 cts quarterly.
    Brown-Forman today reported a 37 pct increase in third 
quarter profits to 21.6 mln dlrs, or 1.00 dlr a share, on a
seven pct increase in sales to a record 337 mln dlrs.
    Brown-Forman said nine month profits declined a bit to 66.0
mln dlrs, or 3.07 dlrs a share, from 66.2 mln dlrs, or 3.08
dlrs a share, a year earlier due to a second quarter charge of
37 cts a share for restructuring its beverage operations.
    The company said lower corporate tax rates and the
restructuring "are expected to substantially improve
Brown-Forman's earnings and cash flow in fiscal 1988."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=24>
Shr profit 15 cts vs profit four cts
    Annual div 72 cts vs 72 cts prior yr
    Net profit 72,000 vs profit 16,000
    Revs 7,075,000 vs 2,330,000
    12 mths
    Shr profit 42 cts vs loss 11 cts
    Net profit 203,000 vs loss 55,000
    Revs 16.1 mln vs 3,971,000
    NOTE: annual dividend payable April 10, 1987, to
stockholders of record on March 27, 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=27>
Shr 39 cts vs 50 cts
    Net 1,545,160 vs 2,188,933
    Revs 25.2 mln vs 19.5 mln
    Year
    Shr 1.53 dlrs vs 1.21 dlrs
    Net 6,635,318 vs 5,050,044
    Revs 92.2 mln vs 77.4 mln
    NOTE: Results include adjustment of 848,600 dlrs or 20 cts
shr for 1986 year and both 1985 periods from improvement in
results of its universal life business than first estimated.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=36>
Qtly div eights cts vs 7.5 cts prior
    Pay March 31
    Record March 13
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=37>
Shr loss 22 cts vs loss 18 cts
    Net loss 3,035,000 vs loss 2,516,000
    Revs 20.9 mln vs 19.6 mln
    Qtly div three cts vs three cts prior
    Year
    Shr profit two cts vs profit 34 cts
    Net profit 215,000 vs profit 4,647,000
    Revs 93.4 mln vs 98.7 mln
    NOTE: Dividend payable April one to shareholders of record
March 17.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=38>
Shr 45 cts vs 58 cts
    Net 1.1 mln vs 829,000
    Sales 7.9 mln vs 9.4 mln
    Avg shrs 2,332,397 vs 1,428,000
    Year
    Shr 1.22 dlrs vs 1.06 dlrs
    Net 2.9 mln vs 1.5 mln
    Sales 25.7 mln vs 22.2 mln
    Avg shrs 2,332,397 vs 1,428,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=40>
Standard Trustco said it expects earnings
in 1987 to increase at least 15 to 20 pct from the 9,140,000
dlrs, or 2.52 dlrs per share, recorded in 1986.
    "Stable interest rates and a growing economy are expected to
provide favorable conditions for further growth in 1987,"
president Brian O'Malley told shareholders at the annual
meeting.
    Standard Trustco previously reported assets of 1.28 billion
dlrs in 1986, up from 1.10 billion dlrs in 1985. Return on
common shareholders' equity was 18.6 pct last year, up from 15
pct in 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=41>
Shr loss 51 cts vs loss three cts
    Net loss 7,041,000 vs loss 467,000
    Rev 138.9 mln vs 131.4 mln
    12 months
    Shr loss 64 cts vs profit 46 cts
    Net loss 8,843,000 vs profit 6,306,0000
    Rev 558.9 mln vs 556.7 mln
    NOTE: Net loss for 4th qtr 1986 includes charge for
restructuring of 2.6 mln dlrs after tax, or 19 cts a share.
    1986 net loss includes after tax special charge of 2.7 mln
dlrs, or 20 cts a share.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=50>
&lt;America First Federally Guaranteed
Mortgage Fund Two> said it is making a special distribution of
71.6 cts per exchangeable unit, which includes 67.62 cts from
return on capital and 3.98 cts from income gains.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=53>
Qtly div 35 cts vs 35 cts prior
    Payable March 31
    Record March nine

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=56>
AM International Inc, reporting an
operating loss for the January 31 second quarter, said
prospects for the balance of the fiscal year remain good.
    It said orders at its Harris Graphics subsidiary, acquired
in June 1986, "continue to run at a strong pace." For the six
months, orders rose 35 pct over the corresponding prior-year
period, or on an annualized basis are running at about 630 mln
dlrs.
    The backlog at Harris is up 30 pct from the beginning of
the fiscal year, AM said.
    AM International said its old division are expected to
benefit from recent new product introductions and the decline
in the value of the dollar.
    "Research, development and engineering expenditures in
fiscal 1987 will be in the 45-50 mln dlr range, and the company
said it has allocated another 30-40 mln dlrs for capital
expenditures.
    Earlier AM reported a fourth quarter operating loss of two
cts a share compared to profits of seven cts a share a year
ago. Revenues rose to 291.8 mln dlrs from 151.1 mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=64>
Gulf Applied Technologies Inc said it
sold its pipeline and terminal operations units for 12.2 mln
dlrs and will record a gain of 2.9 mln dlrs in the first
quarter.
    It added that any federal taxes owed on the transaction
will be offset by operating loss carryovers.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=65>
Shr 80 cts vs 72 cts
    Net 55,513,000 vs 48,741,000
    Revs 290.9 mln vs 264.2 mln
    Year
    Shr 3.09 dlrs vs 2.72 dlrs
    Net 213,470,000 vs 184,649,000
    Revs 1.12 billion vs 992.9 mln
    Avg shrs 69,127,000 vs 68,004,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=66>
Shr 27 cts vs 29 cts
    Net 13,555,000 vs 14,635,000
    Revs 104,606,000 vs 110,311,000
    Avg shrs 47.2 mln vs 47.1 mln
    12 mths
    Shr 4.10 dlrs vs 3.66 dlrs
    Net 226,653,000 vs 186,790,000
    Revs 1.4 billion vs 1.3 billion
    Avg shr 47.1 mln vs 47.1 mln
   
    NOTE: latest 12 mths net includes gain 46 cts per share for
sale of Virginia service territory to Dominion Resources Inc
&lt;D>.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=71>
Qtly div eights cts vs eight cts prior
    Pay April one
    Record March 13
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=74>
Shr 30 cts vs 5.92 dlrs
    Net 1,142,000 vs 16.0 mln
    Revs 10.6 mln vs 24.2 mln
    Year
    Shr 90 cts vs 6.20 dlrs
    Net 3,320,000 vs 16.9 mln
    Revs 45.00 mln vs 26.2 mln
    NOTE: 1986 4th qtr and yr amounts include acquisition of
98.8 pct of common of Atico, formerly Peninsula Federal Savings
and Loan Association, on January 24, 1986.
    1985 4th qtr and yr net include net gain of 15.9 mln dlrs
or 5.86 dlrs per share on exchange of common of Pan America
Banks Inc for common of NCNB Corp purusant to a merger of the
companies.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=82>
Shr primary 95.30 pesos vs 29.71 pesos
    Shr diluted 61.11 pesos vs 18.49 pesos
    Qtly div 1.25 pesos vs 1.25 pesos
    Net 1.9 billion vs 779 mln
    Revs 6.1 billion vs 4.7 billion
    NOTE: Full name Philippine Long Distance Telephone Co.
    Figures quoted in Philippine Pesos.
    Dividend payable April 15 to holders or record March 13.
Exchange rate on day of dividend declaration was 20.792 pesos
per dollar.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=83>
Qtly div five cts vs N.A.
    Payable April two
    Record March 20
    NOTE:1986 dividend includes special two cts per share for
the period beginning with the fund's commencement of operations
on Novebmer three through December 31, 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=85>
Qtly div 25 cts vs 25 cts prior
    Pay April 30
    Record April 16
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=86>
Qtly div two cts vs 1.7 cts
    Pay March 26
    Record March 12
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=87>
Annual div Class A 14 cts vs 12 cts prior
    Annual div Class B 12.1 cts vs 10.4 cts prior
    Payable April one
    Record March 20
    NOTE: full name is BDM International Inc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=89>
Qtly div three cts vs three cts prior
    Pay March 13
    Record February 27
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=93>
Shr 1.11 dlrs vs 1.04 dlrs
    Net 44,092,000 vs 35,145,000
    Revs 1.94 billion vs 1.34 billion
    Note: 1986 results include extraordinary gain of 1,035,000
dlrs or six cts a share from secondary share offering of Canron
unit.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=98>
Shr profit three cts vs loss three cts
    Net profit 363,000 vs loss 197,000
    Revs 3,761,000 vs 2,666,000
    Year
    Shr profit one cent vs loss 37 cts
    Net profit 129,000 vs loss 1,715,000
    Revs 11.4 mln vs 10.9 mln
    Avg shrs 10,694,081 vs 4,673,253
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=108>
Qtly div 25 cts vs 25 cts prior
    Pay April one
    Record March 15
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=113>
Liberty All-Star Equity Fund said
it declared an initial dividend of five cts per share, payable
April two to shareholders of record March 20.
    It said the dividend includes a quarterly dividend of three
cts a share and a special payout of two cts a share, which
covers the period from November three, 1986, when the fund
began operations, to December 31, 1986.
    The fund said its quarterly dividend rate may fluctuate in
the future.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=123>
(Ivaco Inc) said price pressure on steel
products, particularly in the U.S., and the recent increase in
the value of the Canadian dollar is expected to result in
"minimal" first quarter earnings.
    It said subsequent quarters should show substantial
improvement from first quarter levels but 1987 earnings will
not reach 1986 levels as long as those conditions continue.
     Ivaco earlier reported 1986 profit rose to 44.1 mln dlrs,
after a one mln dlr extraordinary gain, from 35.1 mln dlrs the
previous year. It said demand for the company's products are
continuing at high levels and sales are expected to show
further growth. Revenues last year rose to 1.94 billion dlrs
from 1.34 billion dlrs in 1985.       
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=126>
Shr loss 6.48 DLS VS PROFIT 23 CTS
    Net loss 110.6 mln vs profit 4.1 mln
    Revs 74.0 mln vs 152.0 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 6.52 dlrs vs profit 3.87 dlrs
    net loss 111.2 mln vs profit 64.2 mln
    Revs 501.0 mln vs 776.0 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=130>
Coleco Industries Inc said
it expects to return to profitability in 1987.
    Earlier, Coleco reported a net loss of 111.2 mln dlrs for
the year ended December 31 compared to a profit of 64.2 mln
dlrs in the year earlier.
    In a prepared statement, the company said the dramatic
swing in operating results was due primarily to the steep
decline in sales of Cabbage Patch Kids products from 600 mln
dlrs to 230 mln dlrs.
    Coleco said it changed from a single product company to a
more diversified organization through four major acquisitions
last year.
    Products from the new acquisitions and other new product
introductions are expected to enable it to return to
profitability, it said.
    At the annual Toy Fair earlier this month, vice president
Morton Handel said analysts' 1987 projected earnings of 90 cts
a share on sales of 600 mln dlrs are reasonable.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=138>
Shr profit 10 cts vs loss seven cts
    Net profit 286,870 vs loss 156,124
    Revs 10.0 mln vs 7,577,207
    Year
    Shr profit five cts vs profit 42 cts
    Net profit 160,109 vs profit 906,034
    Revs 38.1 mln vs 31.2 mln
    Avg shrs 2.9 mln vs 2.2 mln
    NOTE: 1986 year includes 53 weeks.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=139>
Shr 16 cts vs 13 cts
    Pay April 15
    Record March 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=140>
Shr loss 1.98 dlrs vs loss 5.24 dlrs
    Net loss 23.3 mln vs loss 44.8 mln
    Revs 13.6 mln vs 29.6 mln
    Note: 1986 net includes nine mln dlr extraordinary loss for
oil and gas writedowns and unrealized foreign exchange losses
vs yr-ago loss of 32.5 mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=142>
Period ended December 31.
    Shr 25 cts vs 20 cts
    Net 801,000 vs 703,000
    Revs 6,318,000 vs 3,926,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=143>
Qtly div ten cts vs ten cts
    Pay April 1
    Record March 9
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=145>
Cenergy Corp reported fourth quarter net
income of 790,000 dlrs or seven cts per share on revenues of
7.7 mln dlrs.
    For the year it reported a net loss of 6.5 mln dlrs or 70
cts per share as a result of writedowns in the book value of
its oil and gas properties in the first two quarters. Revenues
were 37 mln dlrs.
    Following the company's fiscal year ended March 31, 1985,
it changed to a calender year end.
    For the nine months ended Dec 31, 1985, it reported a loss
of 63.4 mln dlrs or 6.54 dlrs per share on revenues of 47.6 mln
dlrs, which it said was a result of noncash writedowns of oil
and gas properties.
    For the year ended March 31, 1985, Cenergy reported net
income of 3,705,000 dlrs or 36 cts per share on revenues of 71
mln dlrs.
    The company said its reserves during the year fell to five
mln barrels from 6.4 mln barrels of oil and to 60.1 bilion
cubic feet of gas from 63.7 BCF. It said these reserves did not
disappear but are available to produce as prices recover.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=146>
Two-for-one stock split
    Pay May 12
    Note: split is subject to approval of shareholders at April
23 annual meeting.
    Company also said it will increase dividend on post-split
shares to six cts from five cts.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=147>
Torchmark Corp said its board
authorized the purchase from time to time of a significant
portion of its 7-3/4 pct convertible subordinated debentures.
As of February 25, it said there were outstanding 150 mln dlrs
of the principal amount of debenures.
    The company also said it plans to redeem the debentures on
June eight.
    It also declared a regular quarterly dividend of 25 cts per
share on its common payable May one to shareholders of record
April 10.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=151>
Shr loss six cts vs not available
    Net loss 562,231 vs profit 10,253
    Revs 8,871,874 vs 9,549,308
    Year
    Shr loss 60 cts vs loss nine cts
    Net loss 5,058,145 vs loss 766,185
    Revs 34.3 mln vs 35.5 mln
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=152>
Qtly div three cts vs three cts prior
    Pay April three
    Record March 13
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=160>
Oper shr 27 cts vs 29 cts
    Oper net 13.5 mln vs 14.6 mln
    Revs 104.6 mln vs 110.3 mln
    12 mths
    Oper shr 4.10 dlrs vs 3.66 dlrs
    Oper net 205 mln vs 186.8 mln
    Revs 1.4 billion vs 1.3 billion
    NOTE: 1986 12 mths oper net excludes extraordinary gain of
21.7 mln dlrs or 46 cts per share from sale of Virginia service
territory to Virginia Power.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=163>
Qtly div four cts vs four cts
    Pay April 3
    Record March 23
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=164>
Oper shr 2.16 dlrs vs 2.07 dlrs
    Oper net 8,037,000 vs 7,710,000
    Revs 136.4 mln vs 133.3 mln
    Note: 1986 net excludes extraordinary gain of 13 mln dlrs
or 3.50 dlrs shr from sale of &lt;Camco Inc> shares vs yr-ago loss
of 4.3 mln dlrs or 1.14 dlrs shr.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=165>
Qtly div 51 cts vs 51 cts
    Pay April 9
    Record March 25
    (Santa Anita Realty Enterprises Inc)
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=166>
Qtly div 40 cts vs 40 cts
    Pay March 31
    Record March 16
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=167>
Oper shr five cts vs 36 cts
    Oper net 508,000 vs 3,450,000
    Revs 296.7 mln vs 298.0 mln
    Note: former name Marshall Drummond McCall Inc.
    Results include extraordinary gains of 952,000 dlrs or 11
cts per share in 1986 and 2,569,000 dlrs or 29 cts in 1985 from
income tax reduction.              
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=168>
(Marshall Steel Ltd), formerly Marshall
Drummond McCall Inc, said it will report a 17 mln dlr net gain
before taxes this year from the sale of its Drummond McCall
division, which was sold effective January one.                
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=169>
Oper shr 21 cts vs 18 cts
    Oper net 659,000 vs 523,000
    Revs 7,866,000 vs 5,503,000
    Avg shrs 3,141,217 vs 2,925,294
    12 mths
    Oper shr 70 cts vs 46 cts
    Oper net 2,075,000 vs 1,358,000
    Revs 25.9 mln vs 19.3 mln
    Avg shrs 2,980,247 vs 2,925,294
    Note: Excludes tax gain of 295,000 dlrs for qtr and year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=183>
Shr 75 cts vs 52 cts
    Net 1,699,124 vs 1,177,786
    Revs 45.6 mln vs 31.6 mln
    12 mths
    Shr 2.22 dlrs vs 2.20 dlrs
    Net 5,057,292 vs 4,961,085
    Revs 130.2 mln vs 126.7 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=187>
Shr 81 cts vs 66 cts
    Net 5,011,000 vs 2,314,000
    Revs 57.3 mln vs 17.6 mln
    Note: results include extraordinary gains of 1,593,000 dlrs
or 26 cts a share in 1986 and 451,000 dlrs or 13 cts a share in
1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=196>
Shr 2.31 dlrs vs 1.96 dlrs
    Net 119.0 mln vs 101.0 mln
    Revs 10.03 billion vs 8.88 billion
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=201>
Shr 23 cts vs 18 cts
    Net 509,144 vs 277,834
    Revs 2,258,341 vs 1,328,634
    Avg shrs 2,177,553 vs 1,564,605
    Nine mths
    Shr 55 cts vs 42 cts
    Net 1,150,633 vs 649,914
    Revs 6,169,168 vs 3,178,115
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=202>
Shr loss 32 cts vs loss seven cts
    Net loss 1,566,000 vs loss 292,000
    Revs 39.4 mln vs 34.7 mln
    Year
    Shr profit 79 cts vs profit 74 cts
    Net profit 3,651,000 vs profit 3,020,000
    Revs 147.9 mln vs 114.2 mln
    Avg shrs 4,639,000 vs 4,059,000
    Note: Per shr adjusted for 3-for-2 stock split July 1986
and 2-for-1 split May 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=210>
Oper shr profit six cts vs loss two cts
    Oper net profit 225,000 vs loss 91,000
    Revs 4,814,000 vs 3,339,000
    Year
    Oper shr profit 12 cts vs loss two cts
    Oper net profit 415,000 vs loss 73,000
    Revs 16.4 mln vs 16.9 mln
    Note: data does not include from discontinued operations,
4th qtr 1986 gain of 632,000 dlrs, or 19 cts per shr; 4th qtr
1985 loss of 250,000 dlrs, or seven cts per shr; 1986 year loss
of 4,054,000 dlrs, or 1.17 dlrs per shr; and 1985 year loss of
606,000 dlrs, or 17 cts per shr.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=212>
Shr loss 2.07 dlrs vs loss eight cts
    Net loss 11,445,000 vs loss 501,000
    Revs 14.5 mln vs 11.0 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 1.91 dlrs vs profit four cts
    Net loss 12,427,000 vs profit 211,000
    Revs 60.8 mln vs 51.5 mln
    Note: includes non-recurring charges of 12,131,000 dlrs in
the 4th qtr and 12,500,000 dlrs in the year for reserve for
underperforming restaurants.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=214>
Avery said its board authorizerd
a two for one stock split, an increased in the quarterly
dividend and plans to offer four mln shares of common stock.
    The company said the stock split is effective March 16 with
a distribution of one additional share to each shareholder of
record March 9.
    It said the quarterly cash dividend of 10.5 cts per share
on the split shares, a 10.5 pct increase from the 19 cts per
share before the split.
    Avery said it will register with the Securities and
Exchange Commission shrortly to offer four mln additional
common shares. It will use the proceeds to repay debt, finance
recent acquisitions and for other corporate purposes.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=279>
&lt;Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corp>
(NTT) expects its profits to fall to 328 billion yen in the
year ending March 31, 1988 from a projected 348 billion this
year, the company said.
    Total sales for the same period are expected to rise to
5,506 billion yen from a projected 5,328 billion this year, NTT
said in a business operations plan submitted to the Post and
Telecommunications Ministry.
    NTT said it plans to make capital investments of 1,770
billion yen in 1987/88, including 109 billion for research and
development, as against a total of 1,600 billion this year.
    An NTT spokesman said increased competition from new
entrants to the telecommunications field and the effect of a
sales tax scheduled to be introduced next January, were the
major factors behind the projected decrease in profits.
    The Japanese telecommunications industry was deregulated in
1985.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=299>
Shr 3.25 H.K. Dlrs vs 1.40
    Final div 52 cents vs 38, making 75 cents vs 57
    Net 1.28 billion dlrs vs 551.7 mln
    Note - Earnings excluded extraordinary gains of 983.6 mln
dlrs vs 81.3 mln. Bonus issue one-for-four vs nil. Share split
four-for-one. Dividend payable June 3, books close May 11-21.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=317>
The combined profits of Japan's major
corporations, excluding financial institutions, are forecast to
fall 19.2 pct in the 1986/87 year ending March 31, compared to
the 19.9 pct decline projected in late November, Wako Research
Institute of Economics said.
    The private research body also said in a statement that 437
of the 1,084 firms listed on the first section of the Tokyo
Stock Exchange foresee an 11.6 pct fall in sales in the year
against an 11.4 pct fall estimated last November.
    Current profits are projected to fall 4.4 pct in 1987/88 on
sales seen increasing by 4.2 pct, it said.
    Rationalisation measures taken by manufacturing industries
to cope with the yen's sharp rise are beginning to brighten
their business outlook, the institute said.
    It said lower interest rates, which are expected to reduce
corporate borrowing costs, are also behind the improved
performance outlook.
    Earnings performance in the non-manufacturing sector will
be supported by firm demand in the real estate and construction
businesses, it said.
    The forecast was based on average exchange rate estimates
of 160 yen to the dollar in 1986/87 and 155 yen in 1987/88.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=345>
&lt;Carlton Communications Plc> has started
the current financial year well, with accounts for the first
four months showing a healthy increase on the same period last
year, and Chairman M.P. Green told the annual meeting he looked
forward to 1987 with optimism.
    The issue of 4.6 mln shares in ADR form had now been
successfully completed, he added.
    Carlton intended to increase its presence in the U.S. Which
represented 50 pct of the world television market. Conditions
worldwide in the television industry continued to look buoyant,
the Chairman noted.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=356>
Hutchison Whampoa Ltd &lt;HWHH.HK>
expects satisfactory profits in 1987 and will pay a higher
dividend for the year, chairman Li Ka-shing said.
    He did not make any specific projections for the company's
earnings this year but he said the firm will pay a dividend of
not less than 32.5 cents per share after a proposed
four-for-one stock split and a one-for-four bonus issue.
    It paid total dividends of 1.30 dlrs per share last year,
equal to 26 cents per share, adjusting for the bonus and share
split.
    Hutchison, which has operations ranging from trading to
property and container terminals, earlier reported after-tax
profits of 1.62 billion dlrs against 1.19 billion dlrs in 1985.
    The 1986 total excluded extraordinary gains of 563 mln
dlrs, partly from the sale of some of its stake in the South
China Morning Post, the leading English language newspaper,
compared with 369 mln dlrs the previous year. It said it
expects another 277 mln dlr gain in 1987 from the sale of the
remaining shares.
    Li said Hong Kong's property market remains strong while
its economy is performing better than forecast with its largely
export-led growth.
    Gross domestic product grew by nearly nine pct last year
against an initial government projection of 4.5 pct.
    But he said Hong Kong's large trade deficit with the U.S.
May result in protectionist measures that will adversely affect
the British colony.
    He said all of the company's major operations showed
improved results in 1986.
    Hutchison said earlier it will sell its entire 23.5 pct
interest in Hongkong Electric Holdings Ltd &lt;HKEH.HK> to
&lt;Cavendish International Holdings Ltd>, itself a spin-off from
Hongkong Electric.
    Under a reorganisation announced separately, Hongkong
Electric will spin off all its non-electricity related
activities into Cavendish, which will be listed on the local
stock exchange. Hongkong Electric shareholders will receive one
share in Cavendish for every Hongkong Electric share.
    Cavendish will buy the 348.2 mln Hongkong Electric shares
from Hutchison by issuing 975 mln new shares.
    The spin-off and the sale of Hongkong Electric shares will
give Hutchison a 53 pct stake in Cavendish.
    Li said the decision to spin-off Cavendish is to relieve
Hongkong Electric of public criticism of the power company for
making risky investments. But he denied there was pressure from
the government for the spin-off.
    He said Cavendish will have seven billion dlrs of assets
and will be almost debt free, with 340 mln dlrs of liabilites.
Its major assets are the Hong Kong Hilton Hotel, property
development, and interests in Husky Oil Ltd &lt;HYO.TO> of Canada
and Pearson Plc &lt;PSON.L> of Britain.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=378>
Parent Company net profit 12.8 mln Swiss francs vs 7.5 mln.
    Orders received 2.21 billion francs vs 2.61 billion.
    Sales 2.25 billion francs vs 2.49 billion.
    Group sales 13.83 billion francs vs 13.88 billion.
    Group orders 11.03 billion francs vs 13.00 billion.
 REUTE
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=381>
BBC AG Brown Boveri und Cie
&lt;BBCZ.Z> said it will omit dividend in 1986 for the second
consecutive year.
    It said it planned to invite shareholders and non-voting
stockholders to subscribe to a warrant bond issue of around 150
mln Swiss francs to be made after the June 2 annual meeting.
    The value of the stock subscription rights should
correspond roughly to the dividend of 30 francs per share paid
in 1984. The company also plans to issue participation
certificates with a par value of 70 mln Swiss francs, from
which existing shareholders are excluded.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=388>
Period ended December 31, 1986
    Oper shr loss 1.08 dlrs vs loss 84 cts
    Oper loss 7,700,000 vs loss 1,700,000
    Revs 11,800,000 vs 9,800,000
    Note: Current shr and net exclude extraordinary gain of
300,000 dlrs or five cts shr, versus extraordinary gain of
200,000 dlrs or four cts shr
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=390>
Cheung Kong (Holdings) Ltd &lt;CKGH.HK>
is expecting strong results this year after reporting better
than expected profits in 1986, chairman Li Ka-shing said.
    He did not give a specific earnings projection but he told
reporters the firm will pay total dividends of not less than 19
cents a share this year after a one-for-four bonus issue and a
four-for-one stock split.
    The company earlier declared total dividends equal to 15
cents a share for 1986, adjusting for the stock split and bonus
issue.
    Cheung Kong's earnings rose to 1.28 billion H.K. Dlrs in
1986, well above market expectations of 920 mln to one billion
dlrs. They compared with profits of 551.7 mln dlrs in 1985.
    Cheung Kong also reported extraordinary gains of 983.6 mln
dlrs mainly from the firm's sale of the Hong Kong Hilton Hotel
to Hongkong Electric Holdings Ltd &lt;HKEH.HK> for one billion
dlrs. It had gains of 81.3 mln dlrs in 1985.
    Li attributed the surge in 1986 earnings to a buoyant local
property market and substantial increases in contributions from
associated companies.
    "Looking ahead, 1987 should be another year of stability for
the property market," Li said. "The growth in (Hong Kong's)
exports is expected to stimulate the demand for industrial
buildings."
    Cheung Kong is cash rich and is looking for new projects in
the British colony, Li said, noting the firm is interested in a
land reclamation project along the Hong Kong harbour and is
exchanging views with the government on a proposal to build a
second airport.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=399>
Shr 1.19 dlrs vs 1.46 dlrs
    Net 3,150,185 vs 2,665,284
    Revs 27.9 mln vs 24.1 mln
    Avg shrs 2,653,646 vs 1,826,858
    Year
    Shr 1.45 dlrs vs 1.37 dlrs
    Net 3,611,802 vs 2,502,443
    Sales 62.2 mln vs 52.8 mln
    Avg shrs 2,489,978 vs 1,826,858
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=404>
Waste Management Corp said its
board voted a two-for-one stock split payable April 21, record
March 30.
    In other action, Waste Management directors approved an
increase in the quarterly dividend to 18 cts from 14 cts,
payable April three, record March 18.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=405>
Porex Technologies Corp said its
board declared an initial annual dividend of 10 cts per share,
its first payout, payable March 26 to holders of record March
12.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=406>
Davis Water and Waste
Industries Inc said its board declared a 33-1/3 pct stock
dividend, payable March 23 to holders of record March 12.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=407>
Medco Containment Services
Inc said its board declared an initial annual dividend of 10
cts per share, its first payout, payable March 19 to holders of
record March 12.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=409>
&lt;SDC Sydney
Development Corp>, earlier reporting an increased nine month
operating loss, said a cost control review now underway may
result in cost reduction and elimination of unprofitable and
non-strategic products and services.
    The company's operating loss for the nine months ended
December 31, 1986 increased to 7.7 mln dlrs from a loss of 1.7
mln dlrs in the prior year, it said earlier.
    Revenues increased by 20 pct to 11.8 mln dlrs from
year-earlier 9.8 mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=410>
Shr loss 11 cts
    Loss 739,146
    Revs 11,754,251
    Note: initial public listing December, 1986
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=420>
Oper shr 17 cts vs 25 cts
    Qtly div 15 cts vs 15 cts prior
    Oper net 1,522,000 vs 3,501,000
    Sales 98.0 mln vs 86.3 mln
    NOTE: Prior year net excludes loss from discontinued
operations of 1,817,000 dlrs.
    Company said common shares outstanding down significantly
to 7,814,000, reflecting retirement of about 5,200,000 shares
since start of restructurining in August 1986.
    Dividend pay April 30, record April 16.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=422>
Oper shr 1.80 dlrs vs 1.46 dlrs
    Oper net 25.0 mln vs 20.2 mln
    Sales 1.09 billion vs 996.4 mln
    Avg shrs 13.9 mln vs 13.8 mln
    Year
    Oper shr 3.20 dlrs vs 2.57 dlrs
    Oper net 44.4 mln vs 35.4 mln
    Sales 3.87 billion vs 3.43 billion
    Avg shrs 13.9 mln vs 13.8 mln
    NOTES: Operating net excludes losses of 12.1 mln dlrs, or
87 cts a share, vs 321,000 dlrs, or two cts a share, in quarter
and 6.0 mln dlrs, or 43 cts a share, vs 5.1 mln dlrs, or 37 cts
a share, from discontinued operations. This includes provision
in latest quarter of 12.2 mln dlrs for closing of Almys
Department Store Co.
    Operating net in latest quarter and year includes 750,000
dlrs charge for restructuring announced in early January
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=423>
Qtly div 35 cts vs 35 cts in prior qtr
    Payable April one
    Record March 14
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=435>
Whittaker Corp said it will have a
gain on the sale of discontinued businesses after any operating
losses from the businesses up until the dates of disposition,
but it will defer reporting the gain until its restructuring
program hsa been substantially completed.
    The company said in the first quarter ended January 31,m it
completed the divestiture of its health maintenance
organization operations to Travelers Corp &lt;TIC> , sold its
Whittar Steel Strip operations to &lt;DofascoxInc> and sold its
equity investment in Bertram-Trojan Inc to an affiliate of
&lt;Investcorp>.
    The company said it has entered into definitive agreements
to sell Whittaker General Medical Corp, Bennes MArrel SA of
France and Juster Steel Corp as well.
    The company said to date it has received proceeds of about
90 mln dlrs from divestitures and has used the funds to reduce
debt incurred in the repurchase of its common shares.
    Whittaker today reported first quarter earnings from
continuing operations fell to 1,522,000 dlrs from 3,501,000
dlrs a year before. The year-earlier figure excluded a
1,817,000 dlr loss from discontinued operations.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=438>
Div 50 won vs 50 won
    Net profit 6.91 billion won vs 6.10 billion
    Sales 4,275.4 billion vs 3,801,7 billion
    Note - Company has set 1987 sales target of 4,800 billion
won.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=439>
Div 50 won vs 50 won
    Net profit 35.4 billion won vs 34.2 billion
    Sales 4,214.9 billion won vs 3,779.2 bilion
    Note - company has set 1987 sales target of 5,200 billion.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=449>
Oper shr 17 cts vs 19 cts
    Oper net 636,000 vs 358,000
    Revs 10.6 mln vs 7,024,000
    Avg shrs 3,808,000 vs 1,924,000
    Year
    Oper shr 73 cts vs 65 cts
    Oper net 2,467,000 vs 1,199,000
    Revs 31.5 mln vs 22.9 mln
    Avg shrs 3,372,000 vs 1,785,000
    NOTE: Net excludes investment gains 20,000 dlrs vs 86,000
dlrs in quarter and 586,000 dlrs vs 195,000 dlrs in year.
    1985 year net excludes 304,000 dlr tax credit.
    Share adjusted for one-for-two reverse split in November
1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=456>
Shr 22 cts vs 17 cts
    Net 1,232,000 vs 834,000
    Sales 24.1 mln vs 20.9 mln
    Avg shrs 5,609,000 vs five mln
    Year
    Shr 97 cts vs 69 cts
    Net 4,985,000 vs 3,426,000
    Sales 92.4 mln vs 77.9 mln
    Avg shrs 5,153,000 vs five mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=461>
Qtly div three cts vs three cts prior
    Pay April six
    Record March 20
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=464>
Qtly div from income 5.1 cts vs 3.035 dlrs in prior qtr
including capital gains of 2.978 dlrs
    Payable March 27
    Record February 27
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=466>
Shr 35 cts vs 25 cts
    Net 1,590,000 vs 1,140,000
    Revs 32.2 mln vs 23.0 mln
    YEAR
    Shr 1.16 dlrs vs 68 cts
    Net 5,300,000 vs 3,100,000
    Revs 110.0 mln vs 85.4 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=470>
Semi-annual div from income of 7.3 cts vs 1.0 cent in prior
period
    Payable March 27
    Record February 27
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=473>
&lt;Multi-Step Products Inc>, earlier
reporting an initial six month loss, said it agreed to sell
wholly owned Multi-Step Manufacturing Inc for 100,000 dlrs
cash, subject to shareholder and regulatory approval.
    Multi-Step also said it will pay 900,000 dlrs to cancel
711,192 of its own shares, which will be acquired from Michael
Penhale and his benficiaries. Penhale will control and manage
Multi-Step Manufacturing, following the transactions.
    Multi-Step had a 739,146 dlr loss for the six months ended
December 31. The company received its initial public listing in
December.
    The company said its ladder-making unit has been losing
300,000 dlrs quarterly.
    The sale, expected to close in April, also calls for
retirement of the unit's 400,000 dlr bank debt, Multi-Step
said. The unit also has agreed to pay a debt of 400,000 dlrs to
Tarxien Company Ltd, which is 40 pct owned by Multi-Step.
    Multi-Step previously said it agreed to acquire the
remaining 60 pct of Tarxien it does not already own.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=480>
Stone Container Corp said it is
splitting its common stock 2-for-1 and increasing its dividend
33-1/3 pct.
    The dividend of 20 cts a share, an increase of five cts
over the prior 15 cts a share on pre-split shares, is payable
June 12 to holders of record May 22.
    The stock split also is payable June 12 to holders of
record May 22.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=483>
Shr 81 cts vs 57 cts
    Net 3,660,273 vs 2,437,914
    Rev 28.5 mln vs 23.1 mln
    Six months
    Shr 29 cts vs 12 cts
    Net 1,325,755 vs 483,559
    Rev 31.7 mln vs 26.4 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=484>
Shr loss 20 cts vs profit 96 cts
    Net loss 499,000 vs profit 2,369,000
    Revs 11.5 mln vs 10.3 mln
    NOTE: Prior year net includes gain on sale of property of
4,557,000 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=490>
Oper shr profit 36 cts vs loss 1.48 dlrs
    Oper net profit 1,353,000 vs loss 5,551,000
    Revs 11.3 mln vs 8,142,000
    Year
    Oper shr profit 31 cts vs loss 1.58 dlrs
    Oper net profit 1,165,000 vs loss 5,919,000
    Revs 38.0 mln vs 31.6 mln
    NOTE: Net includes pretax unusual gain 64,000 dlrs vs loss
4,744,000 dlrs in quarter and losses 3,0077,000 dlrs vs
4,744,000 dlrs in year.  1986 items include settlement of
patent suit and provision for investment writeoff and 1985 item
provision for loss on sale of scale business.
    1986 net both periods excludes 400,000 dlr tax credit.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=494>
Shr 1.65 dlrs vs 1.50 dlrs
    Net 5,370,000 vs 4,901,000
    Rev 8.4 mln vs 7.8 mln
    NOTE: 1986 net gain from property investments 717,000 dlrs,
or 22 cts per share, vs 721,000 dlrs, or 22 cts per share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=506>
Semi div 13 cts vs 18 cts prior
    Pay March 13
    Record March Two
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=508>
Mthly div 4.5 cts vs 4.5 cts prior
    Pay March 13
    Record March Two
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=509>
Mthly div 3.6 cts vs 3.6 cts prior
    Pay March 13
    Record March Two
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=512>
Mthly div 7.7 cts vs 7.7 cts prior
    Pay March 13
    Record March Two
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=513>
Mthly div 7.3 cts vs 7.3 cts prior
    Pay March 13
    Record March Two
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=514>
Mthly div six cts vs six cts prior
    Pay March 13
    Record March Two
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=517>
Qtly div six cts vs six cts prior
    Pay April 28
    Record March 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=521>
Qtly div 35 cts vs 35 cts prior
    Pay April One
    Record March 14
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=524>
&lt;Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corp>
(NTT) expects its profits to fall to 328 billion yen in the
year ending March 31, 1988 from a projected 348 billion this
year, the company said.
    Total sales for the same period are expected to rise to
5,506 billion yen from a projected 5,328 billion this year, NTT
said in a business operations plan submitted to the Post and
Telecommunications Ministry.
    NTT said it plans to make capital investments of 1,770
billion yen in 1987/88, including 109 billion for research and
development, as against a total of 1,600 billion this year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=528>
Shr 10 cts vs 14 cts
    Net 531,896 vs 727,781
    Revs 16.0 mln 16.8 mln
    Six mths
    Shr 30 cts vs 39 cts
    Net 1,532,431 vs 2,000,732
    Revs 32.7 mln vs 34.5 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=529>
Qtly div 14 cts vs 14 cts prior
    Pay March 13
    Record March Two
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=530>
Shr 67 cts vs 23 cts
    Net 5,220,000 vs 3,143,000
    Revs 236.1 mln vs 256.2 mln
    Avg shrs 7.8 mln vs 13.7 mln
    Six Mths
    Shr 85 cts vs 59 cs
    Net 8,919,000 vs 8,158,000
    Revs 483.8 mln vs 515.5 mln
    Avg shrs 10.4 mln vs 13.7 mln
    NOTE: Fiscal 1987 second quarter and first half earnings
include a gain of 3.4 mln dlrs and exclude preferred dividend
requirements of five mln dlrs in the quarter and 5.6 mln dlrs
in the first half.
    Fiscal 1986 net reduced by currency losses equal to six cts
a share in the second quarter and equal to nine cts in the six
months.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=531>
Qtly div 10 cts vs 8-1/3 cts prior
    Pay April 21
    Record March 20
    NOTE: Interchange Financial Services Corp.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=533>
Shr 11 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 1,037,690 vs 1,270,460
    Sales 10.1 mln vs 9,215,836
    Six Mths
    Shr 25 cts vs 31 cts
    Net 2,319,376 vs 2,930,507
    Sales 21.2 mln vs 18.9 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=534>
Shr loss 14 cts vs loss 21 cts
    Net loss 353,000 vs loss 541,000
    Revs 2,668,000 vs 2,525,000
    Avg shrs 2,452,3000 vs 2,552,300
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=535>
Shr six cts vs four cts
    Net 383,189 vs 241,857
    Revs 1,506,756 vs 793,459
    12 mths
    Shr 24 cts vs 15 cts
    Net 1,520,797 vs 929,017
    Revs 5,268,486 vs 2,617,995
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=536>
Qtly div 11 cts vs 11 cts prior
    Pay April 17
    Record March 20
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=538>
Oper Shr loss 40 cts vs loss 10 cts
    Oper net loss 2,136,000 vs loss 467,000
    Revs 21.9 mln vs 12.9 mln
    12 mths
    Oper shr loss 63 cts vs loss 30 cts
    Oper net loss 3,499,000 vs loss 1,756,000
    Revs 82.0 mln vs 54.5 mln
    NOTE: Excludes income from discontinued operations of
1,478,000 vs 952,000 for qtr, and 31.2 mln vs 6,500,000 for
year.
    Excludes extraordinary charge of 2,503,000 for current qtr,
and 4,744,000 for year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=539>
Shr loss four cts vs loss one ct
    Net loss 413,021 vs loss 163,932
    Revs 600,971 vs 665,800
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=541>
Net income 154.7 mln pesos vs 127.5 mln
    Operating revenues 4.42 billion vs 3.3 billion
    Operating profit 621.2 mln vs 203.4 mln
    Earnings per share 4.80 vs 3.95
    NOTE: Company statement said gold operations contributed 74
pct of consolidated earnings.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=546>
Qtly div four cts vs four cts prior
    Pay March 27
    Record March 13
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=548>
Qtly div 36 cts vs 36 cts prior
    Pay April one
    Record March 13
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=552>
Mercury Entertainment Corp said it
expects improved results in 1987.
    The company today reported a loss for the year ended
November 30 of 413,021 dlrs on revenues of 600,971 dlrs,
compared with a loss of 163,932 dlrs on revenues of 665,800
dlrs a year before.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=554>
Qtly div 65 cts vs 65 cts prior
    Pay May Seven
    Record April Seven
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=555>
Jacobson Stores Inc said its
board voted a three-for-two stock split, payble March 30,
record March 13.
    In other action, Jacobson's directors approved an increase
in its quarterly dividend to 11 cts on a post split basis
payable April 14, record March 30.
    The new dividend rate represents a 32 pct increase over the
12-1/2 cts paid quarterly on a pre-split basis.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=557>
Oper shr 18 cts vs 51 cts
    Oper net 1,048,000 vs 1,870,000
    Revs 72.2 mln vs 73.5 mln
    Avg shrs 5,910,000 vs 3,680,000
    Year
    Oper shr 82 cts vs 72 cts
    Oper net 4,307,000 vs 2,637,000
    Revs 295.3 mln vs 287.5 mln
    Avg shrs 5,235,000 vs 3,680,000
    NOTE: Results exclude one-time gains of 223,000 or four cts
and 564,000 or 11 cts for 1986 qtr and year vs gains of
6,359,000 or 1.73 dlrs and 7,318,000 or 1.99 dlrs for prior
periods.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=560>
Shr 59 cts vs 48 cts
    Net 3,244,000 vs 2,584,000
    Revs 169.3 mln vs 156.0 mln
    12 mths
    Shr 1.78 dlrs vs 1.32 dlrs
    Net 9,733,000 vs 7,164,000
    Revs 585.6 mln vs 541.0
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=680>
Qtr ends Dec 31
    Shr profit three cts vs loss three cts
    Net profit 129,000 vs loss 85,000
    Revs 4,001,000 vs 4,347,000
    Avg shrs 3,994,347 vs 3,769,347
    Nine mths
    Shr loss 75 cts vs profit 39 cts
    Net loss 2,900,000 vs profit 1,753,000
    Revs 7,472,000 vs 15.3 mln
    Avg shrs 3,845,438 vs 4,470,275
    NOTE: net 1986 includes tax gain carryforward from
discontinued operations of Master's Merchandise Group in year
prior.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=686>
Shr 73 cts vs 58 cts
    Net 1,101,000 vs 901,000
    Sales 32.9 mln vs 29.1 mln
    Note: Results include operations of BMD of New England Inc,
acquired Sept. 1, 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=687>
&lt;Massachusetts Financial Services Co>
said it has set the final income and capital gain distributions
for &lt;Trust for Thrift Institutions High Yield Series> of 1.069
dlrs and 7.645 dlrs, respectively, payable today.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=690>
Mthly div 7.1 cts vs 7.1 cts prior
    Pay March 31
    Record March 16
    NOTE: Franklin Insured Tax-Free Income Fund.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=691>
Mthly div 6.6 cts vs 6.6 cts prior
    Pay March 31
    Record March 16
    NOTE: Franklin Minneosta Insured Tax-Free Income Fund.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=692>
Mthly div 6.9 cts vs 6.9 cts prior
    Pay March 31
    Record March 16
    NOTE: Franklin Michigan Insured Tax-Free Income Fund.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=693>
Mthly div 6.5 cts vs 6.8 cts prior
    Pay March 31
    Record March 16
    NOTE: Franklin Massachusetts Insured Tax-Free Income Fund.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=695>
Mthly div 6.5 cts vs 6.5 cts prior
    Pay March 31
    Record March 16
    NOTE: Franklin California Insured Tax-Free Income Fund.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=696>
Diagnostic Products Corp president and
chief executive officer Sigi Ziering said he expects to
maintain the same compound average annal net income growth in
1987 as the company has for the past five years.
    "We expect the same performance in net income over the next
five years as we have had in the past," Ziering said.
    Over the past five years Ziering said the company has had
average compound net income growth of 32 pct annually with a 27
pct per year growth in earnings per share. For 1986 the company
had net income of 6.3 mln dlrs, or 1.07 dlrs per share, vs 3.9
mln dlrs, or 73 cts per share in 1985.
    Diagnostic manufactures medical immunological diagnostic
test kits.
    Ziering said he expects the earnings growth to result from
positive effect of the weaker dollar on the company's exports
sales as well as accelerated market penetration. Ziering said
he expected the Food and Drug Administration to approve three
more of its drug abuse test kits by the end of the year, which,
depending on approval, should also help earnings growth.
    Ziering said as a result of the new tax laws he expected
the company's taxes to decrease by five pct to 31 pct of net
income in 1987.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=698>
Shr 46 cts vs 42 cts
    Net 3,418,000 vs 3,129,000
    Revs 24.7 mln vs 26.2 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=699>
Shr profit two cts vs loss 12 cts
    Net profit 156,726 vs loss 776,000
    Revs 1,157,883 vs 890,138
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=700>
Mthly div 7.1 cts vs 7.1 cts prior
    Pay March 31
    Record March 16
    NOTE: Franklin Puerto Rico Tax-Free Income Fund.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=701>
Mthly div 6.1 cts vs 6.1 cts prior
    Pay March 31
    Record March 16
    NOTE: Franklin Ohio Insured Tax-Free Income Fund.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=702>
Mthly div 7.1 cts vs 7.1 cts prior
    Pay March 31
    Record March 16
    NOTE: Franklin High-Yield Insured Tax-Free Income Fund.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=707>
Qtly dividend 12-1/2 cts vs 12-1/2 cts
    Pay March 31
    Record March 16
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=715>
Oper shr five cts vs 29 cts
    Oper net 151,000 vs 867,000
    Revs 12.7 mln vs 14.1 mln
    Year
    Oper shr 87 cts vs 52 cts
    Oper net 2,650,000 vs 1,565,000
    Revs 54.7 mln vs 49.1 mln
    Note: oper data does not include 4th qtr 1986 extraordinary
credit of 14,000 dlrs or 4th qtr 1985 extraordinary loss of
139,000 dlrs, or five cts per shr. For year, does not include
extraordinary credit of 92,000 dlrs, or three cts per shr, in
1986 and 161,000 dlrs, or five cts per shr, in 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=722>
Shr 24 cts vs 21 cts
    Pay May 25
    Record May eight
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=728>
Shr six cts vs five cts
    Net 188,000 vs 130,000
    Revs 12.2 mln vs 10.1 mln
    Avg shrs 3,029,930 vs 2,764,544
    12 mths
    Shr 81 cts vs 1.45 dlrs
    Net 2,463,000 vs 3,718,000
    Revs 52.4 mln vs 47.5 mln
    Avg shrs 3,029,930 vs 2,566,680
    NOTE: net for 1985 includes 500,000, or 20 cts per share,
for proceeds of a life insurance policy.
    includes tax benefit for prior qtr of approximately 150,000
of which 140,000 relates to a lower effective tax rate based on
operating results for the year as a whole.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=730>
Imperial Chemical Industries PLC, the
largest chemical company in the United Kingdom, will expand its
specialty chemicals and drug businesses this year, and better
its 1986 results, said chairman-elect Denys Henderson.
    "We expect to shift our company toward higher value-added
businesses and continue to broaden our base," Henderson told
reporters at an informal meeting here.
    ICI today announced the formation of a new U.S.
drug company, ICI Pharma, which, with its Stuart
Pharmaceuticals unit, it said will double its current
pharmaceutical sales to 1.1 billion dlrs by 1990.
    Henderson said, "Our pharmaceutical business gets lost in
the way that Glaxo's (Glaxo Holdings PLC) does not."
    ICI's pharmaceutical division is the second largest drug
maker behind Glaxo in the U.K. Last year U.S. drug sales were
about 40 pct of its worldwide drug sales of 1.5 billion dlrs,
which in turn brought in 27 pct of its total profits.
    He estimated that by 1990, ICI's pharmaceutical division
would account for about 30 pct of total company profits.
    "The drug division far and away brings in the highest rate
of return," said A.W. Clements, finance director of ICI, who
was also at the meeting.
    Henderson said the new U.S. drug concern would basically
act as a second sales force to double the exposure of its drugs
to doctors. ICI will hire 145 new salespeople by October one.
    Henderson said the major new products in the company's
pipeline, expected to each bring in sales of over 200 mln dlrs
annually, were Statil, a treatment for diabetic complications,
Zoladex, a treatment for advanced prostate cancer, and Carwin,
a treatment for mild to moderate congestive heart failure.
    Henderson said U.S. Food and Drug Administration approval
to market Statil and Zoladex, both under joint licensing
agreements with Merck and Co Inc &lt;MRK>, is not expected until
about 1989. ICI expects to file for permission to market Carwin
in the U.S. later this year.
    Henderson said the company's 1987 results would top 1986
income of 888 mln dlrs or 5.45 dlrs per ADR on sales of 15
billion dlrs, but he declined to specify by how much.
    Henderson said 1987's results would be boosted by Glidden
Paints, which ICI bought last November for 580 mln dlrs from a
unit of Hanson Industries Inc.
    Henderson also said that ICI has about nine billion dlrs
available for acquisitions. Last year the company made 40
acquisitions, the largest being Glidden. He said that more
acquisitions may be made this year but he ruled out an
acquisition of a pharmaceutical concern as "too expensive."
    Henderson said that in his new role of chairman, effective
April one when he takes over from Sir John Harvey-Jones who
will retire, the biggest challenge ahead lay in continuing the
earnings momentum ICI has established over the past few years
after restructuring and selling off unprofitable businesses.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=731>
Oper shr profit six cts vs loss 20 cts
    Oper net profit 734,000 vs loss 2,312,000
    Revs 16.8 mln vs 13.9 mln
    Year
    Oper shr profit 30 cts vs profit three cts
    Oper net profit 3,342,0000 vs profit 318,000
    Revs 67.5 mln vs 52.6 mln
    NOTE: Excludes loss of 41,000 dlrs or nil vs gain 7,000
dlrs or nil in qtr and gain 247,000 dlrs or two cts vs gain
88,000 dlrs or one ct in year from net operating loss
carryforwards.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=734>
Shr profit six cts vs loss 4.51 dlrs
    Net profit 815,167 vs loss 12,955,562
    Revs 7,981,022 vs 2,954,488
    Year
    Shr profit 16 cts vs loss 7.22 dlrs
    Net profit 2,446,100 vs loss 19,175,931
    Revs 23.6 mln vs 14.6 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=739>
Shr loss 18 cts vs loss one ct
    Net loss 1,343,000 vs loss 49,000
    Revs 6,778,000 vs 1,976,000
    Year
    Shr loss 67 cts vs loss ten cts
    Net loss 4,693,000 vs loss 672,000
    Revs 14.0 mln vs 7,034,000
    Note: 1986 loss included one-time loss of 3,624,000 dlrs on
write-off of certain silver, oil and gas interests.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=743>
Gelco Corp said that,
excluding the effects of a restructuring plan, it expects
pre-tax operating earnings for the year to end July 31, 1987,
to be about the same as those of last year.
    For the year ended July 31, 1986, Gelco reported pre-tax
operating earnings of 14.8 mln dlrs, or 1.08 dlrs a share.
    However, final results will be affected by certain charges
including legal and investment advisors fees, preferred stock
dividends and other costs of restructuring, it said.
    Expenses associated with restructuring are expected to be
offset by "significant" gains from the sale of some of Gelco's
business units, it said.
    The final outcome for the fiscal year will be determined by
the timing and proceeds from the sale, it added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=756>
Shr 16 cts vs 22 cts
    Net 1,226,597 vs 1,327,016
    Revs 6,598,580 vs 5,921,828
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=758>
Qtr ended Dec 31
    Shr profit nil vs loss nil
    Net profit 858 vs loss 3,957
    Revs 7,372 vs 1,500
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=773>
Shr 15 cts vs 55 cts
    Net 557,000 vs 2,020,000
    Revs 8,872,000 vs 13,908,000
    Year
    Shr 60 cts vs 2.52 dlrs
    Net 2,198,000 vs 9,313,000
    Revs 36.9 mln vs 55.7 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=774>
Qtr ended Jan 31
    Shr 33 cts vs 29 cts
    Net 14.8 mln vs 11 mln
    Revs 108.6 mln vs 70.0 mln
    Avg shrs 45.2 mln vs 37.6 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 88 cts vs 76 cts
    Net 36.7 mln vs 28.7 mln
    Revs 260.4 mln vs 193.0 mln
    Avg shrs 41.9 mln vs 37.8 mln
    Note: Net for nine mths includes gains from dispositions of
1,783,000 dlrs or four cts a share vs 900,000 dlrs or two cts a
share.
    Avg shrs and shr data restated to reflect three-for-two
stock split in January.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=776>
Qtly div 25 cts vs 25 cts
    Pay April 24
    Record March 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=778>
Shr 24 cts
    Net 412,737
    Revs 605,321
    Year
    Shr 93 cts
    Net 1,577,892
    Revs 2,345,261
    NOTE: Full name CPL Real Estate Investment Trust.
    Company was formed Dec 30, 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=780>
Shr loss 85 cts vs loss 88 cts
    Net loss 2,410,000 vs loss 2,466,0000
    Revs 24.0 mln vs 23.9 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 1.18 dlrs vs loss 81 cts
    Net loss 3,338,000 vs loss 2,275,000
    Revs 101.4 mln vs 112.3 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=781>
Shr profit four cts vs loss 16 cts
    Net profit 155,383 vs loss 577,336
    Note: Net includes tax credit of 51,226 dlrs or one ct per
share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=783>
Shr 81 cts vs 57 cts
    Net 3,660,273 vs 2,437,914
    Revs 28.5 mln vs 23.1 mln
    Six mths
    Shr 29 cts vs 12 cts
    Net 1,325,755 vs 483,559
    Revs 31.7 mln vs 26.4 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=811>
&lt;MFS Managed Muncipal Trust Bond>
said it declared a monthly payout income distribution of 5.7
cts a share compared with 5.6 cts for the previous month.
    It said the distribution is payable March 20 to
shareholders of record March two.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=817>
MFS Municipal Income Trust said it
declared a monthly income distribution of 5.7 cts a share
compared with 5.5 cts a share paid in the previous month.
    It said the distribution is payable March 27 to
shareholders of record March 13.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=818>
Shr 1.35 dlrs vs two dlrs
    Net 6,195,000 vs 9,202,000
    Sales 157.5 mln vs 151.6 mln
    Year
    Shr 6.02 dlrs vs 6.78 dlrs
    Net 27,608,000 vs 31,117,000
    Sales 585.7 mln vs 541.3 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=828>
Qtly dividend 28 cts vs 28 cts
    Pay April 24
    Record April 10
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=837>
Oper shr loss eight cts vs profit 20 cts
    Oper net loss 768,000 vs profit 1,962,000
    Revs 49.0 mln vs 43.6 mln
    12 mths
    Oper shr loss 1.41 dlrs vs profit 96 cts
    Oper net loss 13.6 mln vs profit 9,305,000
    Revs 175.3 mln vs 140.7 mln
    Note: Oper excludes loss from discontinued operations of
4,676,000 dlrs or 48 cts a share for year-ago qtr and 7,571,000
dlrs or 78 cts a share for year-ago 12 mths.
    Oper includes charge of 1.1 mln dlrs for cumulative effect
of repeal of the investment tax credit for qtr and writedown of
21.6 mln dlrs on gas and oil facilities for 12 mths.
    Year-ago shr data restated to reflect two pct stock
dividend of December 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=846>
Shr 32 cts vs 22 cts
    Net 3,454,000 vs 2,224,000
    Revs 33.2 mln vs 28.1 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 64 cts vs 38 cts
    Net 6,935,000 vs 3,877,000
    Revs 86.8 mln vs 70.9 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=848>
Shr profit 14 cts vs profit two cts
    Net profit 452,723 vs profit 50,581
    Revs 5,065,543 vs 2,898,363
    Year
    Shr profit 45 cts vs loss 15 cts
    Net profit 1,276,472 vs loss 340,081
    Revs 16.0 mln vs 9,304,466
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=852>
Hartford Insurance Group, a unit
of New York-based ITT Corp, said higher worldwide premiums help
boost net income for the 1986 fourth quarter to 88.6 mln dlrs,
from net income of 36.7 mln dlrs for the 1985 quarter.
   For the full year, Hartford said it earned 329 mln dlrs, up
from 151.4 mln dlrs in 1985.
    Hartford said results for the year were aided by a gain of
46.5 mln dlrs on the sale of its remaining 52 pct stake in
Abbey Life Group PLC. For 1985, the company posted a gain of
14.3 mln dlrs on the sale of 48 pct of Abbey Life.
    Hartford said total property-casualty and life-health
written premiums rose 25 pct in 1986, to eight billion dlrs,
from 6.4 billion dlrs in 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=859>
Oper shr loss 22 cts vs profit 10 cts
    Oper net loss 1,626,000 vs pofit 702,000
    Revs 98.3 mln vs 105.1 mln
    12 mths
    Oper shr profit 18 cts vs profit 82 cts
    Oper net profit 1,293,000 vs profit 5,940,000
    Revs 396.2 mln vs 396.7 mln
    Note: Oper net excludes loss from discontinued operations
of 2,112,000 dlrs or 39 cts a share for year-ago qtr and
2,036,000 dlrs or 1.10 dlrs a share for year-ago 12 mths.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=861>
Qtr ended Jan 31
    Shr 1.16 dlrs vs 1.15 dlrs
    Net 32.4 mln vs 33.5 mln
    Revs 629.0 mln vs 538.6 mln
    Avg shrs 32.1 mln vs 29.2 mln
    12 mths
    Shr 2.35 dlrs vs 2.29 dlrs
    Net 74.5 mln vs 66.9 mln
    Revs 1.85 billion vs 1.60 billion
    Avg shrs 31.7 mln vs 29.2 mln
    Note: Shr/avg shrs data show 2-for-1 split in Nov. 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=865>
Kentucky Central Life Insurance
Co said it declared a semi-annual dividend of 55 cts per share,
payable March 31 to shareholders or record March 19.
    The dividend is equal to the company's previous semi-annual
payout.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=866>
Qtly div 28 cts vs 28 cts prior
    Pay April 20
    Record March 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=868>
Ford Europe's net earnings soared by 71
per cent last year to 559 mln dlrs, Kenneth Whipple, chairman
of Ford Europe, said.
    Whipple, here to attend the Geneva Auto Show which opens on
Thursday, said that the Ford Motor Co unit had sold a record
1.5 million vehicles in Europe in 1986.
    Net earnings were 326 mln dlrs in 1985.
    Sales in 1986 represented 11.8 per cent of the European
market share, Whipple said. Ford will invest 1.2 billion
dollars in Europe in 1987, and a total of seven billion over
the next seven years, he added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=883>
Net 138.20 mln dlrs vs 87.80 mln.
    Shr 24.8 cents vs 17.8
    Final div to announced after July 1, vs final 10 cents
making 15.
    Sales revenue 4.81 billion vs 4.69 billion
    Investment income 116.93 mln vs 60.61 mln
    Shrs 494.35 mln vs 494.22 mln.
    NOTE - Net is after tax 171.03 mln dlrs vs 188.52 mln,
interest 337.39 mln vs 308.68 mln, depreciation 352.32 mln vs
333.05 mln but before net extraordinary loss 250.28 mln vs
profit 28.03 mln.
 REUTER



</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=887>
Net profit 57.1 mln dlrs vs loss 69.1 mln.
    Net is equity accounted
    Pre-equity accounted net 39.90 mln dlrs vs loss 49.11 mln
    Pre-equity shr profit 7.1 cents vs loss 8.7
    Final div to be announced after July 1 vs first and final
1.0 cent.
    Sales 1.88 billion vs 1.78 billion
    Other income 52.75 mln vs 15.22 mln
    Shrs 560.61 mln vs same.
    NOTE - Net is after tax paid 46.85 mln dlrs vs credit 5.02
mln, interest 127.68 mln vs 117.19 mln, depreciation 109.29 mln
vs 100.73 mln and minorities 1.50 mln vs loss 331,000.
    But net is before net extraordinary loss 140.5 mln vs nil.
Extraordinaries comprise exchange losses 102.9 mln, provision
for Goldendale smelter closure costs 27.3 mln and increase in
future tax provision 10.3 mln.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=899>
Shr 27.5p vs 24.3p
    Div 3.95p vs 3.34p making 6.5p vs 5.5p
    Pre-tax profit 85.1 mln stg vs 72.3 mln
    Turnover 702.6 mln vs 646.7 mln
    Tax 18.4 mln vs 15.2 mln
    Finance charges 4.1 mln vs 5.4 mln
    Minority interest 0.1 mln vs 0.5 mln
    Extraordinary debit, being closure and restructuring costs
4.9 mln vs 3.7 mln
    Operating profit includes -
    Pharmaceutical 49.8 mln vs 39.0 mln
    Scientific equipment 23.2 mln vs 19.2 mln
    Horticulture 8.0 mln vs 8.7 mln
    Note - company said it plans one-for-one capitalisation
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=920>
Shr profit 15.9p vs 2.25p loss
    Div 3p making 4.5p vs nil
    Turnover 1.93 billion stg vs 1.99 billion
    Pretax profit 134.2 mln vs 11.4 mln loss
    Tax 47.2 mln vs nil
    Operating profit 163.0 mln vs 92.7 mln
    Interest less investment income 13.8 mln vs 37.2 mln
    Exceptional debit 15.0 mln vs 66.9 mln
    Minorities 0.3 mln vs 0.4 mln
    Extraordinary credit 16.4 mln vs 42.0 mln debit
    Operating profit includes -
    International computers 90.2 mln vs 61.7 mln
    Communications systems 56.1 mln vs 48.7 mln
    Components and distribution 20.0 mln vs 1.5 mln
    Defence 9.4 mln vs 13.1 mln
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=921>
Comalco Ltd &lt;CMAC.S> said its return
to profit reflected reduced costs, improved primary aluminium
prices and its withdrawal from a Japanese smelter venture.
    It said the earlier reported 57.1 mln dlr profit for the
year ended December 31 against a 69.13 mln dlr loss in 1985 was
also aided by lower interest rates on U.S. Dollar debt and
greater sales of bauxite and aluminium.
    Comalco said it expected to pay at least a four cents per
share final, dividend delayed until July 1 to take advantage of
proposed dividend imputation laws.
    This would make five cents for the year against a first and
final of one cent in 1985.
    Comalco said the aluminium industry continued to suffer
from low prices and excess capacity, though the weak Australian
dollar had helped earnings.
    Withdrawal from the &lt;Showa Aluminium Industries KK> joint
venture had been recapitalised in expansion by the &lt;New Zealand
Aluminium Smelters Ltd> project with Japan's &lt;Sumitomo
Aluminium Smelting Co Ltd>, permitting repayments and increases
in liquid funds totalling 165 mln dlrs, it said.
    As previously reported Comalco's &lt;Commonwealth Aluminium
Corp> unit has conditionally agreed to sell its smelter at
Goldendale, Washington, and port facilities at Portland, Oregon
to &lt;Columbia Aluminium Corp>.
    Comalco said it had made a 27.3 mln dlr extraordinary
provision for Goldendale losses and closure costs but that if
the sales agreement were completed it would reduce the
provision made in the 1986 accounts.
    The other items in the total extraordinary loss of 140.5
mln dlrs were a 102.9 mln write-off of unrealised exchange
losses and 10.3 mln for an increase in future tax provision.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=922>
CRA Ltd &lt;CRAA.S> said it expected to
pay a final 1986 dividend of not less than 10 cents a share
after July 1, making 13 cents for&#127;the year against 15 in 1985.
    The mining and smelting group earlier reported 1986 net
earnings rose to 138.2 mln dlrs from 87.8 mln in 1985, against
analysts' forecasts yesterday of 125 mln to&#127;160 mln.
    CRA said it was deferring consideration of a dividend until
later this year to provide the benefit of dividend imputation
to its shareholders. After July 1, dividends will be tax-free
to shareholders provided they come out of earnings on which the
full 49 pct company tax rate has been p&#127;id.
    The company operates on a substituted tax year, not the
fiscal year ending June 30, and as a result has incurred tax at
the 49 pct rate on 1986 earnings, CRA said in a statement.
    Consequently, it has funds available for distribution with
dividend imputed but is waiting to see the imputation
legislation before determining the final payout, it said.
    Despite the higher net earnings, CRA said 1986 was a poor
year for the minerals industry, with the notable exception of
gold producers.
    Prices for major metals expressed in real U.S. Dollars
declined to the lowest levels in about 50 years, it said.
    Fluctuating exchange and interest rates added volatility
and uncertainty, while the revaluation of the yen is leading to
substantial restructuring of Japanese industry, CRA said.
    World demand for metals is growing slowly. Inventories have
steadily declined, with supply and demand in better balance,
but overcapacity continues, CRA said.
    Turning to contributions to its earnings, CRA said
Bougainville Copper Ltd &lt;BUVA.S> contributed 31.3 mln dlrs
while its share of Comalco Ltd's &lt;CMAC.S> net was 37.8 mln.
    Net earnings from iron-ore operations were 111.8 mln dlrs
against 149.2 mln in 1985, it said.
    Lead, zinc and silver mining and smelting operations
incurred a net loss of 66.8 mln dlrs against a 38.1 mln loss in
1985, CRA said.
    Coal activities resulted in a net profit of 36.7 mln dlrs
against 34.1 mln, while salt raised its contribution to 4.7 mln
from 2.8 mln.
    CRA's share of earnings from the Argyle diamond project
amounted to 12.0 mln dlrs against nine mln in 1985.
    CRA said the main item in its 250.28 mln dlr extraordinary
loss was a 172.9 mln writeoff of unrealised foreign exchange
losses on borrowings as required by a new accounting standard.
    Other extraordinary items were 63.3 mln dlrs provided for
closures and writedown of assets and a 14.1 mln increase in
future tax provisions, CRA said.
    Cash flow continued at a high level, being 950.6 mln dlrs
before capital expenditure against 1.02 billion in 1985. The
strong cash flow, coupled with the proceeds of the 1986 rights
issue and the use of existing cash balances, enabled group debt
to be reduced by nearly 500 mln dlrs.
    CRA said it held forward contracts at year-end to buy 985
mln U.S. Dlrs to hedge part of its foreign debt. This cost 47.0
mln dlrs after tax, included in the net interest cost.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=938>
Comalco Ltd said its return to profit
reflected reduced costs, improved primary aluminium prices and
its withdrawal from a Japanese smelter venture.
    It said the earlier reported 57.1 mln dlr profit for the
year ended December 31 against a 69.13 mln dlr loss in 1985 was
also aided by lower interest rates on U.S. Dollar debt and
greater sales of bauxite and aluminium.
    Comalco said it expected to pay at least a four cents per
share final dividend, delayed until July 1 to take advantage of
proposed dividend imputation laws.
    This would make five cents for the year against a first and
final of one cent in 1985.
    Comalco said the aluminium industry continues to suffer
from low prices and excess capacity, though the weak Australian
dollar had helped earnings.
    Comalco's Commonwealth Aluminium Corp unit said earlier it
has conditionally agreed to sell its Goldendale smelter in
Washington, and port facilities at Portland, Oregon to Columbia
Aluminium Corp. Comalco said its extraordinary provision of
27.3 mln dlrs costs for Goldendale losses and closure may be
reduced if the sales agreement were completed.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=968>
Shr 43 cts vs 30 cts
    Net 10.6 mln vs 5,967,000
    Revs 62.9 mln vs 41.5 mln
    Avg shrs 200.7 mln vs 20.2 mln
    Year
    Shr 1.26 dlrs vs 85 cts
    Net 30.1 mln vs 16.6 mln
    Revs 210.8 mln vs 121.6 mln
    Avg shrs 23.9 mln vs 19.4 mln
    NOTE: Share adjusted for January 1987 two-for-one split.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=971>
The Unilever Plc and NV &lt;UN.A> group saw
improved performance in almost all sectors during 1986, the
Anglo-Dutch group said in its results statement.
    Very good progress was made last year, while the recent
acquisition of Chesebrough-Pond's Inc &lt;CBM.N> was a significant
addition which will greatly benefit the group in the years to
come.
    Earlier, Unilever reported combined fourth quarter pre-tax
profit of 276 mln stg, level with the year earlier period,
making 1.14 billion stg compared with 953 mln for the 1986 full
year.
    Unilever said it plans to change its depreciation policy to
the more conventional practice of depreciating assets
individually rather than depreciating fixed assets at average
rates. The new method is expected to lead to a reduction in the
accumulated provision for depreciation and thereby increase the
net book value of tangible asssets by about 300 mln stg as at
January 1, 1987.
    Unilever Plc shares are up 25p since yesterday at 2,575p in
buoyant response to the results and share split proposal,
though 1986 profits were not ahead of market forecasts, dealers
added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=976>
Jan 31 end
    Shr 1.40 dlrs vs 1.10 dlrs
    Net 16.4 mln vs 12.9 mln
    Revs 196.2 mln vs 157.5 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=983>
Equatorial Communications
Co said it expects to report losses of about 57 mln dlrs for
the fourth quarter and 68 mln dlrs for the full year 1986 on
revenues of about 10 mln dlrs for the quarter and 52 mln dlrs
for the year.
    Equatorial said the losses will include a charge of about
45 mln dlrs from costs associated with the restructuring of its
business, including adjustments to reflect the market value of
transponders owned and leased by Equatorial and other reserves
for inventory, receivables and excess facilities.
    Equatorial said the fourth quarter operating results will
also include restructuring costs of about 5,500,000 dlrs, in
addition to the 45 mln dlr charge.
    Equitorial also said that as of March One it is operating
in technical default under its lease of transponders on the
Galaxy III satellite due to its inabiliuty to maintain
agreed-upon financial ratios.  It said it is in talks with the
lessors in an attempt to restructure lease obligations.
    Further, Equitorial said it is in default of two other
oblitations in connection with the purchase or lease of
transponders as a result of cross-default provisions.
    Equatorial said it has signed a memorandum of understanding
for Contel Corp &lt;CTC> to purchase 10 mln dlrs of Equatorial
master earth stations, micro earth stations and associated
equipment and loan Equatorial six mln dlrs over a six-month
period for repayment starting in December 1988.
    The company said Conteol, under the agreement, would assume
a portion of Equatorial's rights and obligations under the
Galaxy III transponder lease with &lt;Burnham Leasing> on the
occurrence of certain events.
    Equatorial said it would grant Contel an option to buy
about 3,600,000 common shares at 3.25 dlrs each.
    Equatorial said its understandings with Contel are subject
to Equatorial's ability to restructure a significant portion of
its obligations and to obtain concessions from lenders and
lessors, in particular under its Galaxy III transponder lease.
It said it hopes to finalize a Contel agreement by April 15.
    Equatorial in 1985 earned 1,807,000 dlrs after a 3,197,000
dlr gain from early debt retirement on revenues of 56.1 mln
dlrs. For the first nine months of 1986, the company lost
9,476,000 dlrs on revenues of 45.4 mln dlrs, compared with a
1,784,000 dlr profit after the early retirement gain on
revenues of 38.5 mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=984>
Transamerica Corp said it will have
an after-tax gain of about 10 mln U.S. dlrs on the sale of its
Occidental Life Insurance Co of Australia Ltd affiliate to
&lt;Pratt and Co Financial Services Pty Ltd> of Melbourne for 105
mln Australian dlrs.
    The sale was announced earlier today in Australia. Proceeds
will be used to enhance the growth of North American operations
of its Transamerica Occidental Life subsidiary, the company
said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=986>
Shr 1.78 dlrs vs 1.64 dlrs
    Net 117 mln vs 106 mln
    Sales 2.02 billion vs 1.85 billion
    Avg shrs 65.6 mln vs 63.9 mln
    Year
    Shr 3.25 dlrs vs 2.75 dlrs
    Net 214 mln vs 177 mln
    Sales 6.50 billion vs 5.96 billion
    Avg shrs 65.6 mln vs 63.9 mln
    NOTE: Share data restated to reflect two for one stock
split in May 1986
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=988>
&lt;BP Oil Ltd>, the U.K. Marketing and
refining arm of British Petroleum Co Plc &lt;BP.L>, raised its
pretax operating profit on a replacement cost basis to 182 mln
stg in calendar 1986, compared with 66 mln stg in 1985.
    Sales and operating revenue fell to 3.1 billion stg from
4.2 billion on a replacement cost basis. Historical cost
operating profit was 61 mln stg, up from 16 mln.
    BP Oil said 1985 profits had been depressed by exceptional
items. Its profit figures were stated before interest charges.
    Chief executive David Kendall said improved results
mirrored benefits of a restructuring program undertaken in
recent years.
    However, he warned future financial pressure on the
industry will be severe.
    "The U.K. Oil marketing and refining industry will need to
invest larger sums - probably around 500 mln stg a year - for a
good many years," he said in a statement.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=995>
Firstcorp Inc said it weill report
an after-tax gain of 1,827,000 dlrs or 56 cts per share primary
and 42 cts fully diluted from the proposed condemnation and
acquisition of a parking deck it operates by Wake County.
    The company said if it reinvested proceeds in a similar
property within 24 months, the gain on the sale would be
deferred for tax purposes.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=998>
Oper shr 43 cts vs 21 cts
    Oper net 6,846,000 vs 3,386,000
    Revs 137.1 mln vs 107.6 mln
    Year
    Oper shr 1.36 dlrs vs 42 cts
    Oper net 21,764,000 vs 7,239,000
    Revs 516.4 mln vs 454.7 mln
    Note: 1986 qtr excludes extraordinary gain of 784,000 dlrs
or five cts share, versus extraordinary loss of 110,000 dlrs or
shr nil in 1985 qtr
    Note continued: 1986 year excludes extraordinary gain of
14,360,000 dlrs or 94 cts share, versus extraordinary gain of
2,883,000 dlrs or 19 cts share in prior year
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1003>
Shr loss six cts vs profit 19 cts
    Net loss 166,000 vs profit 580,000
    Revs 3,772,000 vs 5,545,000
    Year
    Shr loss 13 cts vs profit 52 cts
    Net loss 391,000 vs profit 1,425,000
    Revs 15.4 mln vs 16.6 mln
    NOTE: 1985 year figures pro forma for purchase accounting
adjustments resulting from March 1985 reeacquisition of company
by its original shareholders before August 1985 initial public
offering. 
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1007>
Shr loss 1.93 dlrs vs profit 16 cts
    Net loss 53,412,000 vs profit 4,479,000
    Revs 24.8 mln vs 32.7 mln
    Note: 1986 shr and net include 51,187,000 dlr writedown on
U.S. operations, uneconomic coal operations and other mineral
properties
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1009>
Shr nil vs nil
    Net 130,998 vs 30,732
    Revs 1,568,941 vs 1,0053,234
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1010>
Oper shr profit 1.80 dlrs vs loss 2.28 dlrs
    Oper net profit 2,048,0000 vs loss 1,318,000
    Revs 25.4 mln vs 12.3 mln
    Avg shrs 1,135,000 vs 576,000
    NOTE: Net excludes realized investment gains of 40,000 dlrs
vs 13,000 dlrs.
    1986 net excludes 729,000 dlr tax credit.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1011>
Oper shr loss 31 cts vs loss 30 cts
    Oper net loss 5,429,000 vs loss 5,216,000
    Revs 257.5 mln vs 243.6 mln
    Avg shrs 17.5 mln vs 13.5 mln
    Year
    Oper shr loss eight cts vs profit 28 cts
    Oper net loss 1,324,000 vs profit 4,067,000
    Revs 989.5 mln vs 747.9 mln
    Avg shrs 17.6 mln vs 15.7 mln
   
    NOTE: 1986 operating net loss excludes income from
discontinued operations equal to 11 cts in the quarter and 66
cts in the year compared with 1.07 dlrs in the quarter and 1.23
dlrs in the respective periods of 1985.
    1986 operating net loss also excludes extraordinary charges
of 14 cts in the quarter and 54 cts in the year.
    1985 operating net profit excludes an extraordinary gain of
47 cts.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1013>
Shr not given
    Loss 54.9 mln
    Revs 27.2 mln
    Note: Prior year results not given. 1986 results include
accounts of 89 pct owned &lt;Precambrian Shield Resources Ltd>,
acquired November 5, 1986
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1015>
Transform Logic Corp said it
has revised downward its previously reported fourth quarter and
year, ended October 31, results to reflect compensation expense
for employee stock options.
    The company said resolution of this disagreement with its
auditors came as a result of Securities and Exchange Commission
involvement. The company will amend its option-granting
procedure to conform to the SEC decision which will eliminate
future charges, it added.
    Transform said its fourth quarter profit was revised to
305,082 dlrs, or two cts a share, from the previously reported
580,955 dlrs, which left the company with a fiscal 1986 loss of
249,814 dlrs, or two cts a share, instead of the reported
26,195 dlrs profit.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1016>
American Stores Co said it
expects to report earnings per share of 3.70 to 3.85 dlrs per
share on sales of slightly over 14 billion dlrs for the year
ended January 31.
    The supermarket chain earned 4.11 dlrs per share on sales
of 13.89 billion dlrs last year.
    The company did not elaborate.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1017>
Shr profit three cts vs loss seven cts
    Net profit 161,000 vs loss 367,000
    Revs 24.3 mln vs 26.5 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1019>
Unilever Plc &lt;UN.A> and NV group reported
improvements in margins and underlying sales volume growth of
five pct in 1986 after stripping out the effects of falling
prices, disposals and currency movements, Unilever Plc chairman
Michael Angus said.
    He told reporters that volumes in North America increased
some 10.5 pct while European consumer goods rose about 2.5 pct
after being flat for some years.
    Much of the disposal strategy, aimed at concentrating
activities on core businesses, had now been completed, he
noted.
    But the process of acquisitions would go on, with strategic
acquisitions taking place "from time to time," he said.
    The company earlier reported a 20 pct rise in pre-tax
profits for 1986 to 1.14 billion stg from 953 mln previously.
In guilder terms, however, profits at the pre-tax level dropped
three pct to 3.69 billion from 3.81 billion.
    Angus said the recent purchase of Chesebrough-Pond's Inc
&lt;CBM.N> for 72.50 dlrs a share was unlikely to bring any
earnings dilution.
    However, it would not add much to profits, with much of the
company's operating profits paying for the acquisition costs.
    Finance director Niall Fitzgerald added that while gearing
- debt to equity plus debt - rose to about 60 pct at end 1986
from 35 pct last year, this was expected to drop back to about
40 pct by end-1987.
    The same divergence was made in full year dividend, with
Unilever NV's rising 3.4 pct to 15.33 guilders and Unilever
Plc's increasing 29.9 pct to 50.17p, approximately in line with
the change in attributable profit.
    Angus said the prospectus for the sale of parts of
Chesebrough was due to be published shortly. However, he said
that there was no target date for completing the process.
    He also declined to say what sort of sum Unilever hoped to
realise from the operation, beyond noting that Chesebrough had
paid around 1.25 billion dlrs for Stauffer Chemical Co, which
operates outside Unilever's core activities.
    In the U.S., Organic growth from the Lipton Foods business,
considerable expansion in the household products business and
in margarine had been behind the overall sales increase.
    However, he noted that the U.S. Household products business
had turned in a planned loss, with fourth quarter performance
better than expected despite the anticipated heavy launch costs
of its Surf detergents.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1024>
&lt;Precambrian Shield Resources
Ltd>, earlier reporting a large loss against year-ago profit,
said the 1986 loss was mainly due to a 51,187,000 dlr writedown
on its U.S. operations, uneconomic coal and other mineral
properties.
    Precambrian, which is 89 pct owned by &lt;Mark Resources Inc>,
said it took the writedown in accordance with new Canadian
Insititute of Chartered Accountants guidelines for full cost
method accounting by oil and gas companies.
    Precambrian earlier reported a 1986 loss of 53.4 mln dlrs,
compared to profit of 4.5 mln dlrs in the prior year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1033>
Shr three cts vs three cts
    Net 98,20000 vs 91,898
    Revs 2,843,520 vs 2,372,457
    Year
    Shr 13 cts vs 21 cts
    Net 401,179 vs 681,374
    Revs 10.5 mln vs 9,699,535
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1044>
Sales 3.65 billion crowns vs 3.40
billion.
     Profit  after financial items 821.2 mln crowns vs 740.2
mln.
    The 1986 results include a once-off writedown of 520 mln
crowns for intangible assets, mainly the know-how paid for in
the takeover of a number of high-tech companies by the group,
Pharmacia said.
    Earnings per share after real tax including the writedown:
1.94 crowns vs 12.05 crowns.
    Earnings per share after real tax (not including the
writedown): 12.38 crowns vs 12.05
    Earnings per American Depository Receipt (ADR) according to
U.S. Accounting principles after real tax including the
writedown): 1.96 crowns vs 9.49 crowns.
    Earnings per ADR according to U.S. Accounting principles
after real tax (without the writedown): 9.8 crowns vs 9.49.
    One ADR represents 0.75 pct of one B Free share in
Pharmacia.
    The board proposed a dividend of 1.55 crowns vs 1.25.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1047>
Pharmacia AB &lt;PHAB ST> forecast
earnings after financial items of one billion crowns in 1987 vs
821.2 mln last year on condition that exchange rates remained
at their present parities.
    Sales would in such circumstances go up to six billion
crowns from 3.65 billion in 1986, it said.
    A weakening Dollar was mainly responsible for a five pct
negative impact on sales during 1986 which the company blamed
on currency movements.
    Last year's results were also badly hit by a once-off
writedown of 520 mln crowns for intangible assets.
    The company said mainly this represented the premium the
group had paid for the know-how of various high-tech firms it
had taken over.
    The accounts also showed a financial deficit of 1.87
billion crowns vs a deficit of 133 mln which was covered partly
by drawing down company liquidity to 738 mln vs one billion and
partly by increasing borrowing to 2.23 billion vs 621 mln.
    Pharmacia said the financial deficit was caused by it
having used more funds than generated by group operations,
mainly because of the 1.36 billion it paid in cash for shares
in LKB-Produkter AB and the assets of Intermedics-Intraocular
Inc.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1059>
Shr 78 cts vs one dlr
    Net 1,413,000 vs 1,776,000
    Assets 705.3 mln vs 597.3 mln
    Deposits 495.6 mln vs 493.9 mln
    Loans 260.0 mln vs 379.7 mln
    Qtly div six cts vs six cts prior qtr
    Pay April 1 
    Record March 6
    NOTE: 1986 net includes charges from accounting changes,
from one-time expenses associated with a proxy contest and an
increase in loan reserves.
    First Federal Savings and Loan Association of Kalamazoo is
full name of company.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1063>
Shr 22 cts vs 12 cts
    Net 3,243,000 vs 1,656,000
    Revs 28.4 mln vs 21.5 mln
    NOTE: All amts reflect 3-for-2 stock split of company's
common in form of 50 pct stock dividend paid Feb 26, 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1065>
Qtly div 25 cts vs 25 cts prior qtr
    Pay 31 May
    Record 1 May
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1066>
Qtrly div 28.5 cts vs 28.5 cts
    Pay April 15
    Record March 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1070>
Shr 28 cts vs 22 cts
    Net 14 mln vs 10.6 mln
    Revs 163.8 mln vs 127.3 mln
    Year
    Shr 81 cts vs 59 cts
    Net 40.5 mln vs 28.7 mln
    Revs 521.2 mln vs 391.6 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1071>
Pansophic Systems Inc said it
will split its stock two-for-one effective April two to
shareholders of record March 13.
    It also said it will pay a six cts per share dividend on
the pre-split shares, a regular quarterly dividend, on April
two to shareholders of record March 13.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1080>
Shr profit five cts vs loss 2.11 dlrs
    Net profit 375,061 vs loss 10.4 mln
    Revs 39.9 mln vs 37.8 mln
    Avg shrs 6,536,008 vs 4,939,895
    12 mths
    Shr profit 47 cts vs loss 3.37 dlrs
    Net profit 2,837,288 vs loss 16.6 mln
    Revs 169.1 mln vs 149.4 mln
    Avg shrs 6,037,640 vs 4,937,378
    NOTE: primary earnings per share are based on the weighted
average number of common and dilutive common equivalent shares
outstanding during each period after accounting for preferred
stock dividends.
    The qtr and year 1985 includes a 6,000,000 provision for
restructuring costs related to the sale of its Energy business
and parts of its Bearing business.
    The qtr and year 1986 includes charges of 1,200,000 and
5,200,000, respectively, for restructuring costs and operating
losses which were charged against the previously provided
accruals for restructuring costs.
    The qtr and year 1986 includes deferred income taxes of
244,000 and 785,000, respectively.
    Year net 1986 includes operations of Friedrich Climate
Master Inc, which the company acquired in August 1985, for the
full period, while the comparable period for 1985 includes only
operations from August 16, 1985, to Dec 31, 1985.
    Third qtr 1986 Includes extraodinary tax gain of 270,000 
from early extinquishment of certain drafts payable.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1084>
Oper shr profit 34 cts vs loss 53 cts
    Oper net profit 3,337,000 vs 4,881,000
    Revs 32.7 mln vs 49.6 mln
    Year
    Oper shr profit 20 cts vs loss 90 cts
    Oper net profit 2,374,000 vs loss 9,381,000
    Revs 126.9 mln vs 160.5 mln
    NOTES: Operating net excludes loss 6,050,000 dlrs, or 64
cts a share, vs loss 24,839,000 dlrs, or 2.61 dlrs a share, in
quarter and loss 6,050,000 dlrs, or 64 cts a share, vs profit
64,013,000 dlrs, or 6.27 dlrs a share, from discontinued
operations
    1986 loss from discontinued operations includes 6.0 mln
dlrs charge, equal to 64 cts a share, to provide for additional
liabilities resulting from the 1981 closure of lead, zinc and
silver mining, smelting and refining business
    1986 year operating net includes pre-tax gain of 5.3 mln
dlrs, equal to 56 cts a share, from pension plan termination
and gain of 5.2 mln dlrs, or 56 cts a share, from reduction in
deferred taxes
    Effective Jan 1, 1987, company changed oil and gas
accounting to successful efforts from full cost, increasing
1986 year net 9.2 mln dlrs, or 98 cts a share, and increasing
1985 loss 4.3 mln dlrs, or 43 cts a share. The cumulative
effect of the change was to decrease retained earnings at Dec
31, 1986, by 14.0 mln dlrs
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1087>
Shr 70 cts vs 56 cts
    Net 6,197,000 vs 4,880,000
    Revs 24.1 mln vs 17.1 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.38 dlrs vs 1.20 dlrs
    Net 12.1 mln vs 10.4 mln
    Revs 52.5 mln vs 41.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1090>
Qtly div 10 cts vs 10 cts prior
    Pay April 13
    Record March 13
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1096>
Shr 42 cts vs 39 cts
    Net 12.3 mln vs 9,382,000
    Sales 172.0 mln vs 146.00 mln
    Avg shrs 29.5 mln vs 24.3 mln
    Year
    Shr 1.63 dlrs vs 1.35 dlrs
    Net 45.7 mln vs 30.0 mln
    Sales 665.5 mln vs 446.2 mln
    Avg shrs 28.0 mln vs 22.3 mln
    NOTE: translated at 1,339 Italian lire to dollar.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1101>
Shr loss 2.07 dlrs vs profit 36 cts
    Net loss 1,088,000 vs profit 187,000
    Year
    Shr loss 12.23 dlrs vs profit 17 cts
    Net loss 645,000 vs profit 89,000
    NOTE: Home Federal Savings and Loan Association of the
Rockies.
    1986 net includes tax credits of 165,000 dlrs in quarter
and 189,000 dlrs in year.
    Net includes pretax loan loss provisions of 1,439,000 dlrs
vs 127,000 dlrs in quarter and 1,701,000 dlrs vs 222,000 dlrs
in year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1105>
Continental Corp said the fresh start
provision of the Tax Reform Act of 1986 may add 1.30 to 1.60 to
1987 earnings per share.
    The insurance holding company had net earnings of 449.6 mln
dlrs, or, or 7.42 per share, in 1986.
    John Loynes, Continental chief financial officer, said the
fresh start provision allowed the company to discount opening
tax reserves to January 1, 1987, which released deferred taxes
into earnings.
    Loynes said the provision's potential benefit would decline
gradually over the next four years, during which time
Continental will pay 250 mln to 350 mln dlrs more in taxes.
    Loynes added, however, the higher taxes are not expecetd to
have a significant impact on earnings.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1108>
Shr 8.17 dlrs vs 55 cts
    Net 67.7 mln vs 4.5 mln
    Revs 3.67 billion vs 3.54 billion
    Year
    Shr 12.19 dlrs vs 24.00 dlrs
    Net 101.1 mln vs 199.0 mln
    Revs 14.33 billion vs 13.35 billion
    Note: 90 pct owned by Ford Motor Co &lt;F>
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1111>
Shr 33 cts vs 28 cts
    Net 3,722,000 vs 3,103,000
    Sales 33.0 mln vs 31.8 mln
    Avg shrs 11.2 mln vs 11.1 mln
    1st half
    Shr 68 cts vs 58 cts
    Net 7,585,000 vs 6,346,000
    Sales 65.9 mln vs 61.3 mln
    Avg shrs 11.2 mln vs 11.0 mln
    NOTE: Share adjusted for three-for-two October 1986 stock
split.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1117>
Shr profit three cts vs loss 11 cts
    Net profit 507,000 vs loss 1,823,000
    Revs 11.2 mln vs 204,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1122>
Periods ended Jan 31
    Shr 28 cts vs 35 cts
    Net 2,374,000 vs 2,987,000
    Sales 35.2 mln vs 34 mln
    Backlog 36.8 mln vs 33.9 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1124>
Shr basic 88 cts vs 1.22 dlrs
    Shr diluted 83 cts vs 1.10 dlrs
    Net 114,108,000 vs 140,389,000
    Avg shrs 107.5 mln vs 100.5 mln
    Loans 66.4 billion vs 65.9 billion
    Deposits 82.8 billion vs 84.4 billion
    Assets 98.7 billion vs 96.7 billion.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1128>
Oper shr 1.58 dlrs vs 77 cts
    Oper net 1,648,000 vs 817,000
    Sales 25.7 mln vs 20.5 mln
    NOTE: Net excludes discontinued operations gain 451,000
dlrs vs loss 4,310,000 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1134>
Shr 69 cts vs 64 cts
    Net 7,046,000 vs 6,492,000
    Sales 85.7 mln vs 79.6 mln
    Six Mths
    Shr 1.28 dlrs vs 1.19 dlrs
    Net 13,098,000 vs 12,006,000
    Sales 166.3 mln vs 153.3 mln
    NOTE: Periods end January 31, 1987 and 1986, respectively.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1135>
Shr 57 cts vs 27 cts
    Net 1,002,000 vs 470,000
    Sales 15.9 mln vs 12.0 mln
    Note: 4th qtr data not available
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1137>
Oper shr one ct vs three cts
    Oper net 99,000 vs 327,000
    Revs 12.1 mln vs 8,800,000
    Avg shrs 15.5 mln vs 11.3 mln
    Year
    Oper shr six cts vs 11 cts
    Oper net 841,000 vs 956,000
    Revs 44.1 mln vs 34.4 mln
    Avg shrs 15.3 mln vs 8,519,677
    NOTE: Net excludes tax credits of 299,000 dlrs vs 29,00000
dlrs in quarter and 809,000 dlrs vs 71,000 dlrs in year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1138>
Shr profit 27 cts vs profit 51 cts
    Net profit 6,600,000 vs profit 12,231,000
    Revs 211.7 mln vs 193.4 mln
    12 mths
    Shr loss 17 cts vs profit 1.27 dlrs
    Net loss 4,077,000 vs profit 30,142,000
    Revs 753.5 mln vs 673.4 mln
    NOTE: in qtr ended 1986 the company recognized expenses of
5,948,000 for restructing the combined operations of BBDO,
Doyle Dane Bernbach and Needham Harper Worldwide in August 1986
before tax gains. These relate primarily to the conosolidation
and elimination of duplicate facilities and staff.
    for the year 1986, the provisions for mergers and
restructuring expenses brought non-recurring expenses to
40,292,000 before tax gains, of which 8,863,000 represented
merger costs and 31,429,000 related to restructuring of the
combine operations.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1152>
&lt;Royal Bank of Canada> said it
estimates 1987 loan losses at one billion dlrs, a 25 mln dlr
increase over last year.
    Royal Bank said it set its provisions "given the continued
debt-servicing problems ... in the North American energy
industry and the uncertain outlook for energy prices," and also
continued to add to its general provisions for loans to
troubled borrower countries.
    The bank's loan loss provision for the first quarter ended
January 31 rose to 223 mln dlrs from 187 mln dlrs in the
year-ago quarter.
    The bank said non-accrual loans, net of provisions for loan
losses, totalled 2.2 billion dlrs on January 31, up from 2.0
billion dlrs a year ago.
    In reporting lower first quarter earnings, chairman Allan
Taylor said problems with credit quality--particularly in loans
associated with the energy sector--continue to have a
substantial adverse effect on the bank's earnings.
    Taylor said profitability of the bank's international
operations remains weak, reflecting resource-related
difficulties of private and public sector borrowers and
unsatisfactory results from capital market activities.
    Taylor said it would be premature to speculate on the
outcome of debt resturcturing negotiations with Brazil or their
potential impact on the Royal Bank.
    The bank earlier reported first quarter profit fell to
114.1 mln dlrs from 140.4 mln dlrs a year ago.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1157>
Qtr ended Jan 31
    Shr loss nine cts vs profit 13 cts
    Net loss 231,256 vs profit 341,730
    Revs 2,793,677 vs 3,676,296
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1160>
Oper shr 26 cts vs 18 cts
    Oper net 2,877,000 vs 1,363,000
    Revs 44.3 mln vs 40.8 mln
    Avg shrs 10.9 mln vs 10.5 mln
    NOTE: prior qtr excludes loss 475,000, or five cts per
share, for discontinued operations for the sale of subsidiaries
Intermedics Intraocular Inc, Electronics Inc, and Intermedics
Infusaid Inc.
    Excludes 1987 qtr 1,694,000 operating loss carryforwards vs
78,000 qtr prior.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1169>
Qtrly 25 cts vs 16 cts
    Pay March 30
    Record March 13
    NOTE: Prior qtr is for two months operation, October and
November and represents a parital dividend.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1170>
Qtlry div 24.5 cts vs 24.5 cts
    Pay April 6
    Record March 16
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1173>
Knutson Mortgage Corp said it
expects strong earnings performance for its initial fiscal
second quarter earnings ending March 31 since going public in
September 1986.
    Albert Holderson, Knutson chairman, said he expects
earnings of about 40 cts per share for the quarter as a result
of a strong mortgage business during the quarter.
    Knutson earlier declared a quarterly dividend of 10 cts a
share, versus 10 cts a share prior, payable April 13 to
shareholders of record March 13.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1176>
Oper shr 26 cts vs 18 cts
    Oper net 2,877,000 vs 1,838,000
    Revs 44.3 mln vs 40.8 mln
    NOTE: Current 1st qtr oper net excludes operating loss
carryforward of 1,694,000 or 16 cts per share. 1986 1st qtr
oper net excludes loss carryforward of 78,000 dlrs or one ct
per share and loss from discontinued operations of 475,000
dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1177>
Shr nine cts vs one ct
    Net 247,489 vs 27,301
    Sales 1,933,107 vs 796,613
    Six mths
    Shr 21 cts vs five cts
    Net 565,106 vs 121,997
    Sales 3,781,970 vs 1,778,110
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1178>
Shr 42 cts vs 76 cts
    Net 2.3 mln vs 3.3 mln
    Revs 72.3 mln vs 59.8 mln
    Year
    Shr 1.48 dlrs vs 2.59 dlrs
    Net 7.6 mln vs 11.1 mln
    Revs 261.7 mln vs 224.7 mln
    NOTE: 1985 net includes extraordinary gain of 1.5 mln dlrs
or 35 cts per share in 4th qtr and 5.1 mln or 1.19 dlrs for the
year.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1181>
Shr profit 27 cts vs profit 51 cts
    Net profit 6,600,000 vs profit 12.2 mln
    Revs 211.7 mln vs 193.4 mln
    Qtly div 24.5 cts vs 24.5 cts
    Avg shrs 24.2 mln vs 23.8 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 17 cts vs profit 1.27 dlrs
    Net loss 4,077,000 vs profit 30.1 mln
    Revs 753.5 mln vs 673.4 mln
    Avg shrs 24.4 mln vs 23.7 mln
    NOTE: Qtly div payable April six to holders of record March
16.
    1986 4th qtr and year net includes a charge of 5.9 mln dlrs
and 31.4 mln dlrs, respectively, for corporate restructuring.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1182>
Annual div six dlrs vs 12 dlrs prior
    Pay March 19
    Record March 13
    Note: 1986 payout includes two dlrs a share extra dividend
    1985 payout includes four dlrs a share extra dividend
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1188>
Shr 10 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 1,553,000 vs 1,541,000
    Revs 73.1 mln vs 32.1 mln
    Avg shrs 15,474,000 vs 12,316,000
    Year
    Shr 47 cts vs 24 cts
    Net 7,241,000 vs 2,835,000
    Revs 216.2 mln vs 101.2 mln
    Avg shrs 15,492,000 vs 11,921,000
    Note: Net income includes extraordinary profit from
recognition of tax loss carryforward of 920,000 dlrs, or six
cts a share, in 1986 year, and of 785,000 dlrs, or seven cts a
share, in both 1985 periods.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1191>
Shr profit 78 cts vs loss 1.05 dlrs
    Net profit 2,336,000 vs loss 3,002,000
    Revs 26.0 mln vs 26.7 mln
    Year
    Shr profit 1.59 dlrs vs loss 6.35 dlrs
    Net profit 4,688,000 vs loss 18.2 mln
    Revs 113.5 mln vs 112.4 mln
    NOTE: 1986 4th qtr and yr includes loss carryfoward of
534,000 dlrs and 1,662,000 dlrs, respectively.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1192>
Net loss 92,623 vs profit 11,209
    Sales 93,483 vs 189,388
    Note: per share data not available, as company went public
in January, 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1193>
&lt;Royal Bank of Canada>, in reporting a
19 pct drop in first quarter earnings, said it expects to
report improved results in future earnings periods.
    "Healthy consumer credit growth, record fee-based income,
highly profitable securities and foreign exchange trading, and
a solid capital position...combined with the restraint of
non-interest expenses, should lead to improved results in the
periods ahead," chairman Allan Taylor said in a statement.
    The bank earlier reported profit for the first quarter
ended January 31 fell to 114 mln dlrs from 140 mln dlrs a year
ago.
    Taylor said loans to the energy sector continue to
substantially hurt earnings while profitability of the bank's
international operations remains weak, reflecting
resource-related difficulties of private and public sector
borrowers and unsatisfactory results from capital market
activities.
    The bank said earnings from domestic operations rose to 103
mln dlrs in the first quarter from 98 mln dlrs a year ago while
earnings from international operations plunged to 11 mln dlrs
from 42 mln dlrs last year.
    Royal Bank said first quarter international net interest
income declined from last year, reflecting reduced revenues
from international investment banking as well as a significant
loss on disposal of its affiliate in Trinidad and Tobago.
    Other income rose to 251 mln dlrs from 220 mln dlrs last
year. The rise was due to higher commercial banking and retail
deposit service fees, and higher foreign exchange revenue but
lower securities commissions from international investment bank
operations partly offset the gains, Royal Bank said.
    The bank said a two billion dlr increase in total assets to
98.7 billion dlrs was due mainly to continued growth in
consumer lending, particularly residential mortgages.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1198>
Oper shr 25 cts vs 1.21 dlrs
    Oper net 1,366,000 vs 6,287,000
    Revs 251.3 mln vs 107.1 mln
    Year
    Oper shr 1.10 dlrs vs 1.06 dlrs
    Oper net 5,552,000 vs 4,982,000
    Revs 827.5 mln vs 434.4 mln
    NOTE: Oper net excludes results of Kay Jewelers Inc, a
former subsidiary. On Dec 31, 1986 company distributed
remaining 80.4 pct interest in subsidiary to Kay Corp holders.
    1985 amts restated in connection with company's
distribution of investment in Kay Jewelers Inc.
    1986 4th qtr and yr oper net excludes 8,308,000 dlrs or
1.52 dlrs per share, and 7,774,000 dlrs or 1.54 dlrs per share,
respectively, for equity in net income of spun-off unit. 1985
4th qtr and yr oper net excludes 6,806,000 dlrs or 1.28 dlrs
per share and 5,770,000 dlrs or 1.09 dlrs per share,
respectively, for equity in net earnings of spun-off unit.
    1985 oper net also excludes 2,778,000 or 52 cts per share
for adoption of new pension accounting rules and ine cts per
share for gain from assets sales.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1200>
Oper shr loss four cts vs loss 33 cts
    Oper net loss 154,000 vs loss 1,301,000
    Sales 30.0 mln vs 27.0 mln
    Year
    Oper shr profit 60 cts vs loss 16 cts
    Oper net profit 2,364,000 vs loss 608,000
    Sales 113.5 mln vs 132.8 mln
    NOTE: Net excludes extraordinary charges from provision for
roofing products warranties and costs from sale of
printing/laminate division of 320,000 dlrs vs 10.3 mln dlrs in
quarter and 4,3200,000 dlrs vs 12.7 mln dlrs in year.
    Net excludes tax credits of 62,000 dlrs vs 41,000 dlrs in
quarter and 127,000 dlrs vs 88,000 dlrs in year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1205>
Shr 1.62 dlrs vs 1.33 dlrs
    Net 10.3 mln vs 8,459,000
    Revs 127.5 mln vs 95.7 mln
    Year
    Shr 1.52 dlrs vs 1.20 dlrs
    Net 9,669,000 vs 7,481,000
    Revs 278.1 mln vs 232.00 mln
          
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1208>
Anacomp Inc, one of the most actively
traded NYSE issues, rose today as at least one analyst expected
earnings to be boosted by its planned acquisition of a
micrographics company.
    Anacomp rose 1/2 to 6-3/4 on volume of 950,000 shares after
trading as high as seven earlier.
    Howard Harlow, analyst at Whale Securities Corp, said
Anacomp's earnings for fiscal 1987 ending September 31 could be
doubled to 80 cts a share from the 40 cts a share he had
forecast before Anacomp agreed to buy DatagraphiX, a
micrographics firm, from General Dynamics Corp &lt;GD>.
    "The company can earn 80 cts a share in fiscal 1987, maybe
as much as a dlr a share, because of DatagraphiX," Harlow said.
"Most of the benefit will be in the fourth qtr because it will
integrate the company in the second half."
    Anacomp's earnings will be less if it has problems
integrating DatagraphiX, Harlow said.
    A spokesman at Anacomp said the company expects to complete
its deal for DatagraphiX later this month. She would not say
how much it will pay for DatagraphiX, but noted that
DatagraphiX contributed 10 mln dlrs in earnings to General
Dynamics on revenues of 239 mln dlrs in 1986.
    Harlow said a fellow analyst at Whale Securities estimates
that Anacomp will pay between 100 mln dlrs to 150 mln dlrs for
DatagraphiX. "The estimates on the street narrow it down to
between 110 mln dlrs and 130 mln dlrs," Harlow added.
    Anacomp reported net of 2.8 mln dlrs or nine cts a share in
its first qtr ended December 31, up from 301,000 dlrs or one ct
a share.
    In Anacomp's fiscal 1986 it earned 4,073,000 dlrs or 13 cts
a share.
    Whale Securities recommends buying the stock, Harlow said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1225>
Periods ended December 31
    Shr loss 10 cts vs loss seven cts
    Net loss 316,289 vs loss 189,140
    Revs 61,762 vs 8,934
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1229>
Shr 68 cts vs 78 cts
    Net 2,432,179 vs 2,236,471
    Revs 50.8 mln vs 35.1 mln
    Avg shrs 3,600,000 vs 2,850,000
    Year
    Shr 2.82 dlrs vs 3.35 dlrs
    Net 10.0 mln vs 9,554,658
    Revs 177.5 mln vs 138.1 mln
    Avg shrs 3,567,123 vs 2,850,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1234>
Qtly div 70 cts vs 70 cts prior
    Pay May One
    Record April Three
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1239>
Qtly div nine cts vs eight cts in prior qtr
    Payable March 31
    Record March 13
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1244>
Semi-annual 30 cts vs 25 cts prior
    Pay June 30
    Record June 15
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1245>
Oper shr 25 cts vs 25 cts
    Oper net 6,322,000 vs 4,660,000
    Revs 189.1 mln vs 174.7 mln
    Avg shrs 23.5 mn vs 17.1 mln
    Year
    Oper shr 1.04 dlrs vs 14 cts
    Oper net 21,929,000 vs 3,629,000
    Revs 760.2 mln vs 674.8 mln
    Avg shrs 20.5 mln vs 17.1 mln
    Note: Qtr shr and net exclude tax gain of 4,573,000 dlrs or
17 cts share, versus gain of 17,259,000 dlrs or 1.02 dlrs share
    Year shr and net exclude tax gain of 15,992,000 dlrs or 78
cts share, versus gain of 18,042,000 dlrs or 1.06 dlrs share
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1251>
Oper shr 42 cts vs 41 cts
    Oper net 2,322,000 vs 1,785,000
    Sales 72.3 mln vs 59.8 mln
    Avg shrs 5,527,000 vs 4,355,000
    Year
    Oper shr 1.48 dlrs vs 1.40 dlrs
    Oper net 7,637,000 vs 5,973,000
    Sales 261.7 mln vs 224.7 mln
    Avg shrs 5,165,000 vs 4,277,000
    NOTE: 1985 operating net excludes gains of 1,523,000 dlrs,
or 35 cts a share, in quarter and 5,090,000 dlrs, or 1.19 dlrs
a share, in year from tax carryforwards
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1252>
One of General Electric Co's biggest
businesses, aircraft engines, will ride a wave of increasing
profits into 1991 because of a new contract worth 650 mln dlrs,
Wall Street analysts said.
    Previously, it was expected the business would peak and
decline at some point in the next five years. The improved
outlook results from AMR Corp's &lt;AMR> decision to order 40 new
planes powered by CF6-80C2 GE engines.
    "Creative financial footwork helped GE get the order," said
Nicholas Heymann, analyst at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc.
    AMR declined to go into detail on financing arrangements
for its order of 15 Boeing Co &lt;BA> and 25 &lt;Airbus Industrie>
twinjet long distance aircraft.
    But AMR said it was using "rent-a-plane leases" that allow
it to operate the aircraft without adding to its debt
structure. AMR also has the right to decline delivery of the
planes or return them on short notice. The arrangement protects
AMR in the case of an unexpected development such as a severe
downturn in the economy.
    From GE's point of view the package looks like a good deal
for several reasons, Heymann said.
    GE will be able to record revenue as a sale at the time of
delivery, Heymann noted.
    And if for some reason AMR decides not to take the planes
GE's financial arm, General Electric Financial Services Inc,
would have little trouble rounding up another airline that
wanted the fuel efficient planes. On the whole, the deal
appears to pose little risk for GE, Heymann said.
    GE's stock declined 1/4 to 103-1/2 on 625,000 shares by
midafternoon. H.P. Smith, analyst at Smith Barney, Harris Upham
and Co said for a 40 billion dlr (revenue) company "no one
order will have much of an effect on the stock."
    Russell Leavitt, analyst at Salomon Brothers Inc, said the
order "will help to maintain a good level of production and
profitability in the aircraft engine business" for GE.
    Heymann sees operating profits from GE's jet engine
business rising from 870 mln dlrs last year to 1.3 billion dlrs
by 1991.
    Revenue from jet engines was close to six billion dlrs last
year, with well over half of the business in the military
sector, according to analysts' estimates.
    The rosy outlook for GE's jet engine business coincides
with an upbeat performance in other segments.
    Heymann expects GE to earn 1.39 dlrs per share in the first
quarter of 1987. Saying many will be suprised by the results,
he believes GE has shown through its acquisition of RCA Corp
that it has a "unique ability" to buy a major business and
reshape it, pruning some parts and recombining parts with other
elements of its 14 business areas.
    Smith sees GE earning 1.35 dlrs per share in the current
quarter. He credits good results at RCA, in turn aided by the
NBC broadcasting operation, and lower interest rates.
    Leavitt sees 1.40 dlrs for the current quarter, in part
crediting "significant benefits from the RCA acquisition."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1258>
Oper shr loss 1.24 dlrs vs profit 19 cts
    Oper net loss 1,965,000 vs profit 646,000
    Revs 10.5 mln vs 11.6 mln
    Avg shrs 1,741,000 vs 3,581,000
    12 mths
    Oper shr loss 1.55 dlrs vs profit 42 cts
    Oper net loss vs profit 2,051,000 vs 1,492,000
    Revs 42.9 mln vs 45.5 mln
    Avg shrs 1,816,000 vs 3,581,000
    NOTE: prior qtr excludes loss 229,000, or seven cts per
share, for discontinued operations.
    1986 qtr excludes 159,000 extraodinary loss.
    Excludes loss 293,000, or 16 cts per share, for 1986 and
gain 651,000, or 18 cts per share, for 1985 for discontinued
operations.
    Excludes loss 256,000 for 1986 net for extraordinary item.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1260>
Buckhorn Inc said itd nine
million dlr backlog for orders and a less expensive operating
environment should yield significant levels of operating
profits for 1987.
    Buckhorn, a manufacturer of reusable plastic shipping and
storage containers, recorded 2,051,000, or 1.55 dlrs per share,
operating net loss for 1986.
    Buckhorn said the year's results included a 4,250,000
non-recurring expense incurred to complete major restructuring
efforts and to defend against the hostile tender offer from
Ropak Corporation.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1264>
Shr 2-1/5 cts vs nil
    Net 156,726 vs 11,989
    Sales 1,157,883 vs 890,138

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1265>
Shr eight cts vs 16 cts
    Net 188,000 vs 354,000
    Revs 538,000 vs 594,000
    Year
    Shr 31 cts vs 28 cts
    Net 692,000 vs 617,000
    Revs 2,640,000 vs 906,000
    (Del E. Webb Investment Properties Inc)
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1269>
The specialty retailing area continues
to pay off for F.W. Woolworth Co, once known only as a five and
dime store chain, which said its 1986 income rose 21 pct.
    It was the fourth consecutive year of profit increases for
the New York-based retailer which was founded over 100 years
ago.
    Woolworth's 1986 income rose to 214 mln dlrs or 3.25 dlrs
per share compared with 1985's profit of 177 mln or 2.75 dlrs
per share. Revenues for the year rose to 6.50 billion compared
with the prior year's 5.96 billion.
    For the fourth quarter, the company reported profits rose
10 pct to 117 mln dlrs or 1.78 dlrs per share compared with
1985 fourth quarter results of 106 mln or 1.64 dlrs per share.
Revenues rose to 2.02 billion from 1.85 billion dlrs.
    Roy Garofalo, Woolworth vice president, told Reuters that
income generated by the company's specialty store operations
accounted for 52 pct of the parent company's 1986 profits.
    He said the company now has 4,700 specialty stores
operating under 30 different names. Woolworth plans to open 650
more specialty stores in 1987. At this time last year, it
operated 4,100 specialty stores, Garofalo said.
    Garofalo said the largest specialty chain operated by
Woolworth is Kinney Shoe Stores, followed by the Richman
apparel unit. Among other units are Little Folk Shop, a chain
of discount children's apparel stores; The Rx Place, a discount
drug, health and beauty aid operation; and Face Fantasies,
which sells cosmetics. There are currently about 1,700
Woolworth general merchandise stores operating worldwide, of
which 1,200 are in the United States.
    Harold Sells, chairman and chief executive of Woolworth,
said in a statement, "These results are especially gratifying as
they are an improvement over last year's record earnings."
    Sells that it was the fourth successive year earnings in
each quarter improved over the corresponding year-earlier
period.
    Woolworth's variety store operations were hard hit in the
1970's and early 1980's by the quickly growing discount store
industry. In an attempt to compete in the 1970's, Woolworth
opened a discount general store chain, Woolco, and J. Brannam,
a discount apparel chain. Both were failures in the United
States, although Woolco still operates in Canada.
    In 1985, however, Woolworth changed its strategy and
announced that it would operate specialty stores. At that time,
the company said it would create 14 new groups of such stores.
Specialty stores generally have higher sales per square foot
than general merchandise stores.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1271>
Shr loss 72 cts vs loss 1.48 dlrs
    Net loss 4,466,006 vs loss 9,091,688
    Revs 608,181 vs 1,280,727
    Six Mths
    Shr loss 77 cts vs loss 1.51 dlrs
    Net loss 4,752,455 vs loss 9,265,457
    Revs 1,444,149 vs 2,791,188
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1277>
Qtly div 11 cts vs 11 cts in prior qtr
    Payable April 10
    Record March 23
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1283>
Shr 20 cts vs 21 cts
    Net 783,564 vs 806,278
    Year
    Shr 89 cts vs 86 cts
    Net 3,443,392 vs 3,242,588
    Note:Full company name is Continental General Insurance Co
    Net includes profit from sale of securities of 155,410
dlrs, or four cts a share, and 192,896 dlrs, or five cts a
share, respectively, in 1986 qtr and year, and of 12,879 dlrs,
or nil per share, in 1985 qtr. Net for 1985 year includes loss
from sale of securities of 315,763 dlrs, or eight cts a share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1284>
Shr loss 1.60 dlrs vs loss 45 cts
    Net loss 9,883,000 vs loss 2,744,000
    Revs 1,309,000 vs 3,289,000
    Nine mths
    Shr loss 2.29 dlrs vs loss 98 cts
    Net loss 14.1 mln vs loss 6,008,000
    Revs 4,577,000 vs 11.9 mln
    NOTE: Current periods include loss of 7.5 mln dlrs from
discontinued operations.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1285>
Oper shr profit 21 cts vs loss 2.13 dlrs
    Oper net profit 456,000 vs loss 2,454,000
    Revs 16.3 mln vs 13.1 mln
    Year
    Oper shr 1.39 dlrs vs loss 2.41 dlrs
    Oper net profit 1,815,000 vs loss 2,779,000
    Revs 58.0 mln vs 43.8 mln
    NOTE: 1986 4th qtr and yr oper net exclude realized
investment gains of 279,000 dlrs and 1,013,000 dlrs,
respectively, which includes provision for income taxes of
238,000 dlrs and 863,000 dlrs for the periods, respectively.
    1986 4th qtr and yr oper net exclude 606,000 dlrs or 38 cts
per share and 2,323,000 dlrs or 1.86 dlrs per share, for net
operating loss carryovers.
    1985 4th qtr and yr oper net exclude realized investment
gains of 439,000 dlrs and 666,000 dlrs respectively.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1287>
Continental General Insurance Co
said its board of directors declared a 10 pct stock dividend on
common shares, payable April one to shareholders of record
March 16.
    The company yesterday paid a quarterly cash dividend of
2-1/2 cts a share, unchanged from the previous quarter, to
shareholders of record February 20.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1288>
Shr loss 1.60 dlrs vs loss 45 cts
    Net loss 9,883,000 vs loss 2,744,000
    Revs 1,309,000 vs 3,289,000
    Nine mths
    Shr loss 2.29 dlrs vs loss 98 cts
    Net loss 14.1 mln vs loss 6,008,000
    Revs 4,577,000 vs 11.9 mln
    Note: 1986 net losses inlcude 7,507,000-dlr charge from
discontinued operations of building management system sold to
Cetek System Inc on Jan 30, 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1293>
Shr six cts vs five cts
    Net 459,131 vs 289,433
    Revs 1,808,832 vs 1,680,240
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1298>
Qtrly div 17 cts vs 17 cts prior
    Pay April 13
    Record March 25
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1301>
Shr loss 72 cts vs loss 1.48 dlrs
    Net loss 4,466,006 vs loss 9,091,688
    Revs 608,181 vs 1,280,727
    Avg shrs 6,194,000 vs 6,155,461
    First half
    Shr loss 77 cts vs loss 1.51 dlrs
    Net loss 4,752,455 vs loss 9,265,457
    Revs 1,444,149 vs 2,791,188
    Avg shrs 6,174,731 vs 6,155,461
    NOTE: Losses include charges of 4.0 mln dlrs in both 1986
periods vs 14.4 mln dlrs in both 1985 periods for write-down of
oil and gas properties
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1311>
Shr profit three cts vs loss seven cts
    Net profit 161,000 vs loss 367,000
    Revs 24.3 mln vs 26.5 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1313>
Seaman Furniture Co Inc said
its board declared a two-for-one split of the company's
outstanding stock.
    It said holders of its common will receive one additional
share for each share held as of March 20. It said certificates
representing additional shares will be distributed as soon as
possible after April 10.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1314>
Oper shr eight cts vs eight cts
    Oper net 5,219,000 vs 4,377,000
    Revs 214.9 mln vs 182.5 mln
    NINE MTHS
    Oper shr 51 cts vs 51 cts
    Oper net 29.6 mln vs 27.9 mln
    Revs 634.5 mln vs 569.3 mln
    1986 net excludes extraordinary gain of 8,031,000 dlrs or
15 cts shr.
    1987 net reflects three-for-one stock split in 2nd qtr and
issue of 1.5 mln subordinate voting shares in 1st qtr.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1315>
Telxon Corp reported it expects
revenues for the quarter ending March 31 to be between 26 to 28
mln dlrs.
    The company said earnings per share for the period should
be between 23 cts to 26 cts.
    "The company is making an announcement at this time in
response to analysts fourth quarter revenues and earnings per
share estimates of 29 mln to 32 mln and 24 cts to 30 cts,
respecivtely," said Raymond Meyo, president and chief executive
officer.
    Telxon recorded revenues of 24.2 mln dlrs for the quarter
last year, and earnings per share of 22 cts, adjusted for a
three-for-two stock split in May 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1317>
Shr 57 cts vs 27 cts
    Net 1,002,000 vs 470,000
    Sales 15.9 mln vs 12.0 mln
    Note: 4th qtr figures not given.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1320>
Shr 12 cts vs 19 cts
    Net 369,000 vs 358,000
    Revs 7,076,000 vs 6,712,000
    Avg shrs 3,050,000 vs 1,850,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 53 cts vs 63 cts
    Net 1,523,000 vs 1,158,000
    Revs 22.6 mln vs 20.7 mln
    Avg shrs 2,852,198 vs 1,850,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1322>
Qtly div 28 cts vs 28 cts prior
    Pay April one
    Record March 13
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1326>
Qtly div six cts vs six cts prior
    Pay April one
    Record March 23
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1327>
Qtr ended Jan 31
    Shr 12 cts vs 19 cts
    Net 369,000 vs 358,000
    Revs 7,076,000 vs 6,712,000
    Avg shrs 3,050,000 vs 1,850,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 53 cts vs 63 cts
    Net 1,523,000 vs 1,158,000
    Revs 22.6 mln vs 20.7 mln
    Avg shrs 2,852,198 vs 1,850,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1328>
Net loss 705,496 vs loss 182,766
    Sales 642,590 vs 1,126,315
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1339>
Telxon Corp said it expects
per-share earnings for its fourth quarter ending March 31 to be
about 23 cts to 26 cts on revenues of 26 mln dlrs to 28 mln
dlrs.
    For the year-ago quarter, the company earned 22 cts a
share, adjusted for a three-for-two stock split, on revenues of
24.2 mln dlrs.
    The company said it made the earnings estimate in response
to analysts' forecasts, which it said called for per-share
earnings of 24 cts to 30 cts and revenues of 29 mln dlrs to 32
mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1341>
Qtly div 87 cts vs 87 cts
    Pay Feb 17
    Record Jan 20
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1342>
Qtly div five cts vs five cts
    Pay May 22
    Record May 8
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1344>
Shr six cts vs five cts
    Net 199,037 vs 135,587
    Sales 1,594,895 vs 1,368,959
    Avg shrs 3.1 mln vs 2.5 mln
    Year
    Shr 25 cts vs 19 cts
    Net 695,398 vs 446,426
    Sales 5,785,365 vs 4,520,781
    Avg shrs 2.8 mln vs 2.4 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1345>
Qtly div 12-1/2 cts vs 12-1/2 cts
    Pay March 31
    Record Feb 27
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1351>
Shr nine cts vs six cts
    Net 3,500,000 vs 2,500,000
    Revs 294.0 mln vs 351.5 mln
    Note: 1986 year includes tax gain of 1,700,000 dlrs
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1355>
Shr loss 25 cts vs profit 11 cts
    Net loss 446,005 vs profit 185,325
    Sales 2.4 mln vs 2.5 mln
    12 mths
    Shr loss 16 cts vs profit 41 cts
    Net loss 282,305 vs profit 709,787
    Sales 10.1 mln vs nine mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1359>
Florida Public Utilities Co
said its board declared a three-for-two stock split on its
common stock.
    It said holders of record April 15 will receive one
additional share May one for each two shares held.
    The company also said it raised the dividend on its common
stock by two cts to 33 cts a share on a pre-split basis.
    The dividend is payable April one to holders of record
March 18.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1360>
City Investing Co Liquidating Trust
said it declared a cash distribution of 25 cts a unit, payable
April 10 to unit-holders of record April one.
    The trust last paid a stock distribution of General
Development Corp &lt;GDB> shares in July.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1363>
Qtly div 14 cts vs 19 cts prior
    Pay March 31
    Record March 16
    Note: Quarterly dividend for prior quarter included special
payout of five cts a share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1364>
Oper shr 33 cts vs 33 cts
    Oper net 3,330,000 vs 2,969,000
    Revs 95.9 mln vs 92.0 mln
    Avg shrs 8,610,068 vs 7,603,219
    Note: 1986 net excludes extraordinary gain of 577,000 dlrs
or seven cts shr vs yr-ago gain of 71,000 dlrs or one ct shr.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1366>
Shr profit 31 cts vs loss 20 cts
    Net profit 1,044,424 vs loss 515,425
    Avg shrs 3,406,841 vs 2,544,531
    Year
    Shr profit 2.83 dlrs vs profit 42 cts
    Net profit 8,811,142 vs profit 1,058,503
    Avg shrs 3,111,464 vs 2,544,531
    Note: Full company name is United Fire and Casualty Co
    Net includes realized gains of 93,551 dlrs and 764,177
dlrs, respectively, in 1986 qtr and year, and of 92,075 dlrs
and 972,935 dlrs, respectively, in 1985 qtr and year.
    1985 results restated for three-for-two stock split. Net
income for 1985 has been restated due to a change in the method
used in computing deferred acquisition costs.
    1986 results include the effect of a stock offering
resulting in the issuance of an additional 862,500 shares of
common stock.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1367>
Oper shr 30 cts vs 24 cts
    Oper net 38,686,000 vs 28,384,000
    Revs 42.3 mln vs 31.2 mln
    Year
    Oper shr 1.05 dlrs vs 94 cts
    Oper net 136,594,000 vs 110,831,000
    Revs 153.3 mln vs 125.1 mln
    Note: Fourth quarter results exclude extraordinary and
other items which raised final 1986 net to 62,485,000 dlrs or
49 cts a share and lowered final 1985 net to 18,941,000 dlrs or
16 cts a share in 1985.
    Full-year results exclude extraordinary and other items
which raised final 1986 net to 237,961,000 dlrs or 1.87 dlrs
per share and 1985 net to 152,049,000 or 1.29 dlrs per share.
    1985 results restated to reflect June, 1986 two-for-one
stock split.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1375>
Shr loss 1.48 dlrs vs loss 36 cts
    Net loss 4,036,000 vs loss 983,000
    Sales 16.6 mln vs 17 mln
    12 mths
    Shr loss 1.88 dlrs vs profit 71 cts
    Net loss 5,113,000 vs profit 1,904,000
    Sales 85.4 mln vs 88.5 mln
    Note: Prior year net includes extraordinary loss of 298,000
dlrs in qtr and extraordinary profit of 718,000 dlrs in year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1378>
Qtly div seven cts vs six cts prior
    Pay April 17
    Record April three
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1379>
Kaneb Energy Partners Ltd said it may be
forced to omit or lower future quarterly cash distributions
because of a contract dispute with two major customers and the
continued slump in oil and gas prices.
    The partnership said, however, that it will pay a regular
quarterly distribution of 60 cts a unit on April 15 to holders
of record March 31.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1381>
Shr 50 cts vs 46 cts
    Net 43.0 mln vs 34.8 mln
    YEAR
    Shr 1.55 dlrs vs 1.38 dlrs
    Net 136.8 mln vs 112.9 mln
    Note: Holding company.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1382>
Qtly div 14 cts vs 14 cts prior
    Payable March 31
    Record March 16
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1384>
Shr 16 cts vs 35 cts
    Net 476,000 vs 929,000
    Revs 3,000,000 vs 3,600,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1391>
Zenith Laboratories Inc said the
company will report a fourth quarter loss, and the amount will
be determined on completion of its year end audit. The company
did not elaborate further.
    For the third quarter ended Sept 30, 1986, Zenith reported
a loss of 3,451,000 dlrs or 16 cts per share, adjusted for a
May 1986 2-for-1 stock split.
    The company also said it received Food and Drug
Administration approval to market Cefadroxil, a generic version
of an antibiotic with domestic sales exceeding 50 mln dlrs in
1986.
    Zenith said it will not market the drug until "questions
relating to the applicability of certain patents have been
resolved."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1404>
Shr four cts vs three cts
    Net 4,505,000 vs 4,493,000
    Revs 23.3 mln vs 21.4 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1414>
Rockwell International Corp
continues to expect significant improvement in 1987 results,
despite the somewhate disappointing performance of one of its
business segments, President Donald Beall told Reuters.
    Rockwell reported net earnings in its first quarter ended
December 31 of 149.4 mln dlrs, or 1.05 dlrs per share, compared
to 125.8 mln dlrs, or 84 cts per share a year ago.
    Operating earnings, however, were off about four pct, and
analysts have attributed the decline to Rockwell's
Allen-Bradley unit, which has suffered from weakness in the
industrial automation market.
    "It is in a soft market now, but we are not concerned. It
is moving forward with market development and is enhancing
market share," Beall said of Allen-Bradley unit.
    Beall, who was in Los Angeles to address a Technology
management conference, said first quarter sales for the
Allen-Bradley unit were flat as compared to a year earlier. He
said the company does not break out operating earnings by unit
on a quarterly basis.
    Beall said the recent trend toward cost sharing in the
research and development phase of government contracts should
not have a major impact on Rockwell's near-term performance.
    He noted, however, the increasing focus on cost sharing
could limit technological innovation.
    "I worry that we are heading into a period of misuse of
contracting approaches too early in the development stages of
important military contracts," Beall said, adding, "long-term,
we have a very serious problem."
    In addition, Beall told the conference the greatest
competitive threat to defense contractors is in defense
electronics, due to the government's attempt to take advantage
of competitively priced products made outside the U.S.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1420>
Qtly div 1-1/2 cts vs 1-1/2 cts prior
    Pay March 31
    Record March 13
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1428>
Shr not given
    Oper loss 5,900,000 vs profit 9,300,000
    Revs 105.3 mln vs 131.2 mln
    Year
    Shr not given
    Oper loss 21.7 mln vs profit 34.7 mln
    Revs 370.7 mln vs 515.1 mln
    Note: 67 pct owned by &lt;British Columbia Resources
Investment Corp>
    Note continued: 1986 qtr excludes extraordinary loss of 3.6
mln dlrs versus loss of 294.0 mln dlrs in prior year
    1986 year excludes extraordinary loss of 79.1 mln dlrs
versus loss 221.5 mln dlrs in prior year
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1433>
Shr loss 6.97 dlrs vs profit 92 cts
    Net loss 240 mln vs profit 31.6 mln
    Revs 1.9 billion vs 2.5 billion
    NOTE: 1986 includes loss of 250 mln dlrs or 7.27 dlrs a
share from discontinued operations and writedowns of holdings
in Texasgulf Inc. 1985 restated.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1434>
Geonex Corp &lt;GEOX> said
BellSouth Corp &lt;BLS> unit Southern Bell Telephone and Telegraph
Co's decision to postpone the start up of new conversion
assignments at Geonex's Chicago Aerial Survey unit could
negatively affect its fiscal 1987 revenues.
    The company said it had expected higher revenues from the
records conversion work, but it now foresees revenues from
Southern Bell work at about eight mln dlrs, the same level as
last fiscal year.
    Geonex said Southern Bell will let CAS continue work in
progress and it expects to perform mechanized posting and
records conversion for Southern Bell through 1989.
    But, it added that the Southern Bell decision has forced it
to pursue opportunities with other telephone companies and
municipalities to replace the Southern Bell work.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1438>
Shr loss 2.03 dlrs vs loss 85 cts
    Net loss 10,742,113 vs loss 3,700,712
    Revs 8,027,065 vs 8,689,008
    Avg shrs 5.3 mln vs 4.4 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 2.45 dlrs vs loss 1.73 dlrs
    Net loss 11,607,104 vs loss 7,442,825
    Revs 32.6 mln vs 33.2 mln
    Avg shrs 4.7 mln vs 4.3 mln
    NOTE: 1986 net loss includes a fourth quarter charge of
10.5 mln dlrs from writeoffs of certain assets.
    1985 net loss includes a charge of about 2.3 mln dlrs from
settlement of class action lawsuit.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1445>
Shr loss 76 cts vs loss 21 cts
    Net loss 31.9 mln vs loss 3,288,000
    Revs 380.2 mln vs 311.5 mln
    Avg shrs 47.1 mln vs 41.2 mln
    Year
    Shr profit 56 cts vs profit 56 cts
    Net profit 43,925,000 vs profit 46,433,000
    Rev 1.74 billion vs 1.60 billion
    Avg shares 43,602,000 vs 41,014,000
    NOTE: Fourth quarter includes after tax loss from
discontinued Flexi-Van operations of 33.9 mln dlrs. Primary
earnings per share data calculated after deducting preferred
dividend requirements.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1446>
Shr loss 21 cts vs loss 14 cts
    Net loss 838,069 vs loss 433,875
    Revs 1,080,068 vs 1,793,398
    Avg shrs 4,004,826 vs 3,172,537
    12 mths
    Shr loss 39 cts vs 11 cts
    Net loss 1,387,500 vs loss 334,463
    Revs 6,456,882 vs 5,605,680
    Avg shrs 3,542,217 vs 3,071,456
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1449>
Oper shr loss 22 cts vs loss 13 cts
    Oper net loss 1,712,916 vs loss 769,539
    Revs 2,292,972 vs 2,157,895
    Avg shrs 7,961,602 vs 6,200,293
    Year
    Oper shr loss 53 cts vs loss 45 cts
    Oper net loss 3,562,151 vs 2,543,366
    Revs 9,117,311 vs 8,251,136
    Avg shrs 7,169,871 vs 6,186,51
    NOTE: Current year net both periods excludes charge 430,649
dlrs from cumulative effect of accounting change for patents.
    1986 net both periods includes charge of about 458,000 dlrs
from severance obligations.
    1986 year net includes charge 156,000 dlrs from writeoff of
seed commitments.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1452>
Shr five cts vs 29 cts
    Net 92,641 vs 466,668
    Sales 4,448,011 vs 4,122,301
    Year
    Shr 34 cts vs 1.16 dlrs
    Net 553,310 vs 1,864,417
    Sales 16.3 mln vs 16.7 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1456>
&lt;British Columbia
Resources Investment Corp>, earlier reporting higher full year
operating losses, said it reached agreement in principle with
five lenders providing for a 360 mln dlr credit facility over a
four year term.
    The company said the credit facility is extendable under
certain circumstances, with annual principal payments of five
mln dlrs. The agreement is subject to certain lender approvals
and completion of formal documentation.
    It earlier reported 1986 losses before extraordinary items
rose to 26.4 mln dlrs from year-ago 7.2 mln dlrs.
    B.C. Resources also said dividends on its series 2
preferred shares and exchangeable preferred shares will remain
suspended.
    However, payment will be made on account of the quarterly
dividend on the exchangeable preferred shares by the company's
trustee from a deposit account, B.C. Resources said.
    Sufficient funds should be available to pay full amount of
the March 31, 1987 dividend to exchangeable preferred
shareholders, with payment expected in early April to
shareholders of record March 31, the company said.
    If future dividends are not declared after the April
exchangeable preferred quarterly payout, future payment will
depend on the amount of dividends received from Westcoast
Transmission Co &lt;WTC>, B.C. Resources said.
    The company said its increased fourth quarter and full year
operating losses primarily resulted from lower oil prices and a
four month labor shutdown at its Balmer coal mine in British
Columbia.
    B.C. Resources also recorded a 99.9 mln dlr extraordinary
loss, which included losses on disposition of North Sea oil and
gas interests by 67 pct owned &lt;Westar Mining Ltd>.
    B.C. Resources' 1986 extraordinary charge also included a
writedown of its investment in Westar Petroleum. Gains on the
sales of Westar Timber's Skeena and Celgar pulp mills and
Terrace sawmill partially offset the extraordinary loss, the
company said.
    The company said the asset sales have eliminated B.C.
Resources' long term financing commitment in the North Sea and
exposure to the fluctuating pulp market.
    It also said it cut long term debt in 1986 to 900 mln dlrs
from 1.3 billion dlrs at year-end 1985, and management changes
and staff cuts have significantly reduced costs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1460>
Shr 72 cts vs 58 cts
    Net 4,791,000 vs 3,803,000
    Sales 83.0 mln vs 72.0 mln
    Avg shrs 6,668,309 vs 6,545,722
    1st half
    Shr 88 cts vs 70 cts
    Net 5,872,000 vs 4,614,000
    Sales 141.6 mln vs 121.8 mln
    Avg shrs 6,669,488 vs 6,525,051
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1461>
Shr 30 cts vs 21 cts
    Net 3,358,000 vs 2,276,000
    Sales 43.3 mln vs 33.5 mln
    1st half
    Shr 60 cts vs 42 cts
    Net 6,654,000 vs 4,638,000
    Sales 86.6 mln vs 66.4 mln
    NOTE: Share adjusted for three-for-two stock split in May
1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1466>
Williams Cos said a fourth quarter charge
of 250 mln dlrs from discontinued operations and writedowns
contributed to a 1986 net loss of 240 mln dlrs or 6.97 dlrs a
share against earnings of 31.6 mln dlrs or 92 cts in 1985.
    The loss in the quarter was 232.3 mln dlrs or 6.75 dlrs
against income of 10.7 mln dlrs or 31 cts a year ago. Revenues
in the quarter fell to 521.1 mln dlrs from 716.9 mln and in the
year fell to 1.9 billion dlrs from 2.5 billion in 1985.
    Williams also said the previously announced sale of its
Agrico Chemical Co unit to Freeport-Mcmoran Resource Partners
Ltd has cleared antitrust review and should close next week.
    The 1987 first quarter will include proceeds from the
Agrico sale, for 250 mln dlrs cash at closing plus deferred
payments, and proceeds of 320 mln dlrs from the sale of a stake
in Peabody Holding Co, completed in January.
    In the 1986 first quarter, Williams reported net of 14.2
mln dlrs or 41 cts a share on sales of 796.4 mln dlrs.
    Williams said the charges in the current year were related
to an ongoing restructuring. The company said the restructuring
moves had improved its balance sheet and improved the outlook
for future stability and growth in earnings.
    Operating profit at the company's Northwest Pipeline Corp
unit fell 4.5 pct to 150 mln dlrs from lower sales. The
Williams Natural Gas unit had operating profit of 50.5 mln dlrs
compared to 90.9 mln dlrs on lower sales volumes.
    Profit at Williams Gas Marketing rose to 26 mln dlrs from
about 22 mln and the William Pipe Line Co had operating profit
of 49.4 mln dlrs versus 63.6 mln dlrs a year ago.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1467>
Shr 13 cts vs 37 cts
    Net 1,300,000 vs 3,700,000
    Sales 189 mln vs 163 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1469>
Shr profit 45 cts vs loss nine cts
    Net profit 9.8 mln vs loss two mln
    Revs 1.15 billion vs 631.2 mln
    Year
    Shr profit 3.26 dlrs vs profit 3.18 dlrs
    Net profit 76.9 mln vs profit 73.1 mln
    Revs 3.59 billion vs 2.66 billion
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1471>
Qtly div 11 cts vs 11 cts prior
    Pay April 14
    Record March 17
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1483>
Qtly div 62 cts vs 58 cts in the prior quarter
    Payable April 30
    Record March 20
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1488>
BRNF Liquidating Trust said
trustees declared a 13th liquidating dividend of 1.10 dlrs per
unit, payable April One to holders of record of its Series A, B
and C certificates on March 18.
    The trust had paid a 12th liquidating distribution on
January 15 amounting to 1.750 dlrs on Series A, 1.815 dlrs on
Series B and 1.765 dlrs on Series C certificates.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1492>
Shr 20 cts vs 15 cts
    Net 345,970 vs 257,252
    Revs 14.0 mln vs 13.4 mln
    NOTE: Share adjusted for five pct stock dividend in
December 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1494>
Shr 12 cts vs eight cts
    Net 485,866 vs 316,193
    Revs 1,741,508 vs 1,440,154
    Year
    Shr 28 cts vs 20 cts
    Net 1,108,314 vs 778,197
    Revs 5,073,178 vs 3,687,160
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1496>
Qtly div 20 cts vs 20 cts prior
    Pay April 10
    Record March 20
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1498>
und Westbank AG &lt;VHBG.F> plans
to streamline its branch network to improve its distribution of
financial services, management board member Eberhard-Rainer
Luckey said.
    He told a news conference on 1986 results that branches in
Hamburg and Schleswig-Holstein would be merged or closed, a
branch in Frankfurt opened and that the bank was considering
opening a branch in London.
    Luckey said the bank's total operating profits rose nearly
29 pct in 1986. Parent bank net profit rose to 47.7 mln from
42.2 mln and the dividend remained unchanged at 12 marks.
    The group balance sheet, including for the first time
VereinWest Overseas Finance (Jersey), rose 9.2 pct to 17.9
billion marks, Luckey said.
    The parent bank balance sheet rose 89 mln marks to 13.2
billion, while business volume was almost unchanged at 14.8
billion. Credit volume eased to 9.1 billion from 9.2 billion
while loans to companies rose seven pct.
    Foreign business and securities trading turnover also
increased. Higher earnings from trading on the bank's own
account contributed to record operating profits.
    Net interest income rose on firmer interest margins by 16.1
mln marks to 381.6 mln. Net commission income rose 6.6 mln to
156.7 mln, Luckey said.
    Foreign commercial business was influenced by a fall in
West German foreign trade but earnings were still satisfactory.
    The bank's exposure in Latin America was less than two pct
of its total foreign credit and in Africa less than one pct.
    The bank continued to sell some of its exposure in 1986,
and will also continue to stock up risk provisions, he said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1502>
Castle and Cooke Inc said it would
take a fourth quarter after-tax loss of 33.9 mln dlrs from the
previously reported sale of its Flexi-Van container leasing
business to Itel Corp &lt;ITEL> for about 215 mln dlrs.
    Earlier, the company reported a loss for the fourth quarter
ended January 3 of 31.9 mln dlrs, or 76 cts a share, compared
with a loss of 3.3 mln dlrs, or 21 cts per share, in 1985's
fourth quarter.
    For the year, however, the diversified holding company
reported a net profit of 43.9 mln dlrs, or 56 cts a share,
versus 46.4 mln dlrs, or 56 cts a share, in 1985.
    David Murdock, chairman and chief executive officer, said,
"Both our food business and our real estate operations
increased their earnings during the year (1986)."
    But, he added that Flexi-Van's 1986 results were hit by
depressed daily rental rates for leased equipment caused by
oversupplies.
    The company also reported that George Elkas, formerly
executive vice president,  has been named president and chief
operating officer of Flexi-Van Corp, while William Burns has
been named executive vice president of Flexi-Van.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1524>
Shr 14 cts vs nine cts
    Net 1,180,000 vs 640,000
    Revs 25.6 mln vs 20.1 mln
    Six mths
    Shr 26 cts vs 12 cts
    Net 2,103,000 vs 853,000
    Revs 44.8 mln vs 33.0 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1525>
Shr 13 cts vs 41 cts
    Net 1,079,100 vs 3,535,205
    Revs 13.6 mln vs 16.2 mln
    Note: Current results for 16 months after change in fiscal
year end to December 31 from August 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1526>
&lt;Toronto Sun Publishing Corp> said it
planned a two-for-one split of its common shares, subject to
regulatory approval and approval by shareholders at the April
21 annual meeting.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1527>
Shr 43 cts vs 41 cts
    Net 316,000 vs 298,000
    Sales 4,857,000 vs 4,543,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1528>
Shr loss 1.77 dlrs vs profit 15 cts
    Net loss 8,036,000 vs profit 576,000
    Sales 16.2 mln vs 17.2 mln
    Avg shrs 4,539,437 vs 3,816,580
    1st half
    Shr loss 1.96 dlrs vs profit 26 cts
    Net loss 8,231,000 vs profit 996,000
    Sales 30.9 mln vs 32.2 mln
    Avg shrs 4,205,707 vs 3,814,141
    NOTE: Current half net includes 68,000 dlr tax credit.
    Current year net both periods includes 6,700,000 dlr
writedown of inventory of clinical chemistry products.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1529>
Shr 65 cts vs 47 cts
    Net 184.3 mln vs 133.1 mln
    Sales 3.85 billion vs 2.77 billion
    Year
    Shr 1.59 dlrs vs 1.16 dlrs
    Net 450.1 mln vs 327.5 mln
    Sales 11.91 billion vs 8.45 billion
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1532>
Shr two cts vs two cts
    Net 407,396 vs 376,243
    Revs 5,341,353 vs 4,292,819
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1536>
Shr 36 cts vs 66 cts
    Net 4,775,000 vs 9,342,000
    Revs 105.5 mln vs 130.0 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1541>
Shr loss 13 cts vs profit 10 cts
    Net loss 1,804,062 vs profit 1,370,063
    Revs 33.5 mln vs 40.4 mln
    12 mths
    Shr loss 51 cts vs profit cts
    Net loss 7,030,235 vs profit 9,163,141
    Revs 149.4 mln vs 167.9 mln
    NOTE: income before taxes for the 12 mths ended Jan 1987
includes gains 895,000 for fire insurance settlement, and
unusual charges of 7,900,000 for provisions for estimated cost
of severance pay for terminated workers and a one-time
writedown of inventory and equipment.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1543>
Shr five cts vs 20 cts
    Qtly div two cts vs two cts prior
    Net 223,000 vs 1,418,000
    Sales 15.3 mln vs 17.1 mln
    Year
    Shr 61 cts vs 81 cts
    Net 3,106,000 vs 5,940,000
    Sales 63.0 mln vs 59.5 mln
    NOTE: 1986 net includes tax credits of 63,000 dlrs in
quarter and 1,365,000 dlrs in year.
    1986 net both periods includes 500,000 dlr pretax inventory
writedown.
    Dividend pay March 27, record March 5.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1545>
Qtly div 23 cts vs 21 cts prior
    Pay April 1
    Record March 16
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1546>
Qtly div three cts vs three cts prior
    Pay April 2
    Record March 16
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1554>
Oper shr 10 cts vs eight cts
    Oper net 325,000 vs 228,000
    Sales 7,070,000 vs 6,483,000
    Avg shrs 3,313,000 vs three mln
    Year
    Oper shr 69 cts vs 51 cts
    Oper net 2,124,000 vs 1,536,000
    Sales 31.2 mln vs 22.7 mln
    Avg shrs 3,071,000 vs three mln
    NOTE: 1986 net both periods includes 72,000 dlr tax credit.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1555>
Qtly div 16 cts vs 16 cts prior
    Pay April One
    Rcord March 20
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1563>
First Union Real Estate Investments
said its board left the quarterly dividend unchanged at 37-1/2
cts per share, payable April 30, record March 31.
    The trust, which has raised its quarterly dividend
frequently in the past two years and in the first quarter in
both years, said the Tax Reform Act of 1986 has limited its
flexibility on dividends, and trustees will now consider the
appropriateness of any dividend increases only during the later
quarters of the year.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1564>
Shr 21 cts vs 28 cts
    Net 1,456,000 vs 1,925,000
    Sales 258.7 mln vs 290.2 mln
    Nine Mths
    Shr 77 cts vs 1.10 dlrs
    Net 5,384,000 vs 7,658,000
    Sales 804.3 mln vs 760.1 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1566>
Periods end January 31, 1987 and 1986
    Shr 12 cts vs nine cts
    Net 507,000 vs 362,000
    Revs 5,010,000 vs 3,558,000
    NOTE: System Software Associates Inc is full name of
company.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1567>
Qtrly div 34 cts vs 27 cts prior
    Pay March 31
    Record March 16

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1568>
Qtly div 19 cts vs 19 cts prior
    Pay March 31
    Record March 12
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1569>
Shr 31 cts vs 20 cts
    Net 3,541,000 vs 2,071,000
    Sales 29.9 mln vs 14.5 mln
    Avg shrs 11.6 mln vs 10.4 mln
    NOTE Fourteen vs 13-week periods.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1571>
Brown-Forman Inc said at the
suggestion of the American Stock Exchange it has changed the
record date for the 28 ct per share quarterly dividend on its
Class A and Class B common stock that is payable April One to
March 20 from March 13, to coincide with the record date for a
three-for-two stock split declared February 26.
    It said the record date for the dividend on its four pct
cumulative preferred stock has also been changed to March 20
from March 13.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1572>
Goodyear Tire and Rubber Co said its
1986 results include a tax refund of 75.7 mln dlrs from the
costs of restructuring the company in a successful defense
against a takeover attempt by James Goldsmith.
    Chairman Robert Mercer said, "Heavy restructuring costs
related to the takeover attempt combined with government tax
incentives for investments ... resulted in this federal tax
refund."
    The refund was included but not broken out in its initial
1986 results, a spokesman said. It reported 1986 net income of
124.1 mln dlrs against 412.4 mln dlrs a year earlier.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1575>
The Great Northern Nekoosa Corp
said it will recommend to shareholders a two-for-one common
stock split.
    The company said it will make the proposal to shareowners
at its annual mmeting May 6 in Dothan, Ala., near the company's
Great Southern Paper division operations.
    In conjunction with the stock split proposal, the
shareowners will be asked to approve an increase in the
authorized common stock from 60 mln to 150 mln shares, the
company said.
    The company said it will propose an increase in its
dividend rate if the split is approved effective with the June
payment.
    The company said the present rate on GNN common is 43 cts
per share. The company said it would recommend a quarterly rate
of 23 cts a share on the split stock. This would be equal to a
dividend of 46 cts a share on the present common, seven pct
higher than the current rate.
    The company said it had increased the dividend by 13 pct
last December. Great Northern Nekoosa's last common stock
split, a three-for-two, was in December 1983, it said.
    As of Dec 31, 1986, there were 26,661,770 shares of GNN
common stock outstanding, according to the company.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1585>
Oper shr 78 cts vs 51 cts
    Oper net 7,030,000 vs 4,944,000
    Revs 126.6 mln vs 120.9 mln
    Year
    Oper shr 1.59 dlrs vs 89 cts
    Oper net 14.7 mln vs 9,864,000
    Revs 425.1 mln vs 416.9 mln
    NOTE: Net excludes realized gains on investment of 73,000
dlrs vs 4,224,000 dlrs in quarter and 6,253,000 vs 14.5 mln
dlrs in year.
    Net excludes discontinued Massachusetts Casualty operations
loss 5,180,000 dlrs vs gain 778,000 dlrs in quarter and gain
9,214,000 dlrs vs gain 3,504,000 dlrs in year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1586>
Qtly div 21 cts vs 16-1/4 cts prior
    Pay April One
    Record March 17
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1602>
Oper shr loss nine cts vs profit 12 cts
    Oper net loss 1,791,000 vs profit 2,336,000
    Sales 242.9 mln vs 225.8 mln
    Year
    Oper shr profit 15 cts vs loss 17 cts
    Oper net profit 2,925,000 vs loss 3,324,000
    Sales 1.01 billion vs 875.6 mln
    NOTE: Net includes discontinued operations gain 2,437,000
dlrs vs loss 190.0 mln dlrs in quarter and losses 75.6 mln dlrs
vs 227.7 mln dlrs in year.
    Net includes loss 294,000 dlrs vs nil in quarter and gain
224.8 mln dlrs vs loss 1,750,000 dlrs in year from settlement
of liabilities under plan of reorganization from Chapter 11
bankruptcy.
    1986 quarter net includes 2,300,000 dlr provision for loss
on future store closings offset by reduction in pension
liabilities.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1608>
Shr loss 51 cts vs loss 44 cts
    Net loss 1.8 mln vs loss 1.5 mln
    Revs 3.1 vs 5.4 mln
    Nine months
    Shr loss 1.16 dlrs vs loss 1.33 dlrs
    Net loss 4.0 mln vs loss 4.6 mln
    Revs 9.9 mln vs 12.3 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1610>
Shr 12 cts vs 10 cts
    Net 613,986 vs 534,093
    Revs 9,494,570 vs 7,591,564
    Year
    Shr 41 cts vs 59 cts
    Net 2,151,130 vs 3,111,317
    Revs 35.9 mln vs 33.7 mln
    NOTE: 1986 net includes gains from discontinued operations
equal to three cts compared with nine cts in 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1620>
Webcor Electronics Inc said it
remains in technical and payment default under its revolving
credit agreement and in technical default under certain other
obligations to its lender.
    Although its lender has not enforced its right to demand
payment of the debt in full, it continues to reserve its right
to do so at any time, it said.
    Earlier, Webcor reported a third quarter net loss of 1.8
mln dlrs and nine months net loss of 4.0 mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1633>
Shr profit three cts vs loss nine cts
    Net profit 103,664 vs loss 326,675
    Revs 7.6 mln vs 6.9 mln
    Six months
    Shr loss two cts vs loss 15 cts
    Net loss 78,246 vs loss 522,868
    Revs 14.7 mln vs 12.9 mln
    NOTE:1986 net includes gain of 43,185 or one cts in 2nd qtr
and six months for discount on early long-term debt repayment.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1638>
Oper shr 36 cts vs 39 cts
    Oper net 1,391,000 vs 1,485,000
    Revs 61.6 mln vs 58.5 mln
    YEAR
    Oper shr 70 cts vs 1.16 dlrs
    Oper net 2,677,000 vs 4,410,000
    Revs 207.6 mln vs 200.2 mln
    Note: 1986 net excludes extraordinary loss of 297,000 dlrs
or eight cts shr vs yr-ago gain of 514,000 dlrs or 13 cts shr.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1639>
Oper shr profit four cts vs loss four cts
    Oper net profit 151,448 vs loss 170,709
    Sales 11.5 mln vs 9,581,406
    NOTE: Prior year net includes 123,650 dlr tax credit but
excludes 52,409 dlr gain on early debt retirement.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1642>
Shr 61 cts vs 18 cts
    Net 670,000 vs 194,000
    Revs 10.7 mln vs 10.4 mln
    Six months
    Shr 73 cts vs 35 cts
    Net 798,000 vs 377,000
    Revs 19.5 mln vs 19.8 mln
    NOTE:1987 net includes gain of 362,000 dlrs in 2nd qtr and
431,000 dlrs in six months from tax loss carryforward.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1643>
Oper shr loss five cts vs loss 24 cts
    Oper net loss 165,000 vs loss 802,000
    Revs 4,988,000 vs 3,101,000
    Year
    Oper shr loss 13 cts vs loss 1.33 dlrs
    Oper net loss 454,000 vs loss 4,407,000
    Revs 23.1 mln vs 8,937,000
    NOTE: Results restated for discontinued operations.
    1986 net both periods excludes 143,000 dlr tax credit.
    Net excludes gains from discontinued pipelines and
terminals operations of 216,000 dlrs vs 99,000 dlrs in quarter
and 527,000 dlrs vs 296,000 dlrs in year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1644>
Shr 55 cts vs 80 cts
    Net 2,517,443 vs 3,633,217
    Revs 79.1 mln vs 76.3 mln
    12 mths
    Shr 2.57 dlrs vs 3.41 dlrs
    Net 11.7 mln vs 15.4 mln
    Revs 305.1 mln vs 314.3 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1648>
Qtly div 17 cts vs 17 cts prior
    Pay March 31
    Record March 17
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1650>
Oper shr loss 1.05 dlrs vs profit nine cts
    Oper net loss 30.5 mln vs profit 3,930,000
    Revs 23.9 mln vs 45.6 mln
    12 mths
    Oper shr loss 5.30 dlrs vs profit 34 cts
    Oper net loss 155.8 mln vs profit 16.0 mln
    Revs 113.7 mln vs 178.8 mln
    Note: Oper excludes loss from discontinued operations of
9,127,000 dlrs vs 12.4 mln dlrs for qtr and 28.4 mln dlrs vs
960,000 dlrs for 12 mths.
    Note: Oper includes writedown of offshore drilling
equipment of 5,070,000 dlrs for qtr and 27.9 mln dlrs for 12
mths.
    Also includes writedowns of oil and gas assets and tubular
goods inventory of 82.2 mln dlrs and 4,246,000 dlrs,
respectively, for 12 mths.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1651>
Shr 33 cts vs 60 cts
    Net 1.1 mln vs 1.7 mln
    Revs 11.7 mln vs 10.6 mln
    NOTE:Full name is Suspensions and Parts Industries Ltd.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1653>
Qtly div six cts vs six cts prior
    Pay April Two
    Record March 18
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1655>
Shr profit 12 cts vs loss two cts
    Net profit 182,173 vs loss 28,977
    Revs 4,483,047 vs 3,994,808
    1st half
    Shr profit 14 cts vs loss eight cts
    Net profit 221,376 vs loss 120,435
    Revs 8,270,947 vs 7,150,265
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1657>
CRI Insured Mortgage Investments
Inc said its advisor will recommend a special distribution of
50 cts per share due to the sale of a federally insured first
mortgage on Park Meadows I in Madison, Wis., for 4,267,871
dlrs.
    It said it received a 3,695,465 dlr return of capital and
572,406 dlrs in income on the sale, and the 50 ct distribution
would represent a 43.294 ct return of principal and a 6.706 ct
capital gain and would be payable June 30 to holders of record
May 31.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1658>
Unit loss one ct
    Net loss 186,000
    Revs 10.7 mln
    11 mths
    Unit loss 7.26 dlrs
    Net loss 121.4 mln
    Revs 46.9 mln
    Note: Partnership formed in February 1986.
    Net includes writedown of oil and gas assets of 124.8 mln
dlrs for 11 mths to comply with full-cost accounting methods.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1677>
Shr 71 cts vs 43 cts
    Net 7,274,000 vs 4,447,000
    Rev 161.6 mln vs 77.6 mln
    Year
    Shr 1.51 dlrs vs 1.32 dlrs
    Net 15,401,000 vs 13,525,000
    Rev 454.0 mln vs 304.9 mln
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1682>
General Motors Corp staged an explosive
rally on Wall Street after a share buyback program announced
yesterday, but analysts said GM's future remains clouded by
stiff competition and erosion of market share.
    GM shares rose 3-1/2 to 79-1/8 in active trading. Analysts
agreed that investors liked the repurchase program but they 
differed sharply over the carmaker's long term prospects.
    "I'm very positive on GM," said Jack Kirnan of Kidder
Peabody and Co. "They're clearly committed to enhancing
shareholder value."
    However, some analysts worry about how GM will pay for the
buyback and whether new models will enable the carmaker to
recapture lost market share.
    After the market had closed yesterday, GM said it would buy
back 20 pct of its common stock by the end of 1990. The
announcement sent investors today scrambling for GM shares,
with more than 3.2 mln shares changing hands by mid-day.
    The buyback plan caused several analysts bullish on the
stock to reiterate buy recommendations this morning, and at
least one increased his earnings estimates for GM based on a
good performance expected from new car models.
    But David Healy of Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc said the
repurchase program is not a positive.
    "The buyback doesn't really change the earnings outlook and
puts more stress on the balance sheet," he said, since GM will
have to borrow money to pay for the stock purchases. The stock
should settle back down to around 76, he added.
    Healy projects GM will earn five dlrs a share in 1987 and
5.50 dlrs in 1988, compared to 1986 earnings of 8.21 dlrs.
Healy's numbers are near the low end of Wall Street estimates,
which range from five dlrs to 7.80 dlrs in 1987 and from four
dlrs to 10.80 dlrs in 1988.
    Like other analysts, Healy sees GM's share of the domestic
car and truck market falling in 1987. "On balance, GM cars are
not selling as well as their competitors," he said.
    In late February, GM car sales fell 8.6 pct from the
year-ago period while competitors Ford Motor Co &lt;F> and
Chrysler Corp &lt;C> both posted increases. But GM said February
sales showed improvement over January, adding that it expects
improvement in coming months.
    Overall, GM's share of U.S. car and truck sales should fall
to around 38 or 39 pct in 1987 from 41 pct at the end of 1986,
analysts said. The numbers include imports.
    Kidder Peabody's Kirnan said cost reductions and product
improvements this year should lead to positive cash flow by the
fourth quarter, which will help GM finance the buyback.
    "GM (stock) has been a real laggard and now it's rolling up
its sleeves and getting serious. I think there's a major
earnings surprise in the winds," he said.
    Kirnan raised his earnings estimates slightly today, in
part in reaction to the announced buyback, and sees GM earning
5.65 dlrs this year and 9.75 dlrs in 1988. "The company is more
concerned than ever about improving their relative valuation
with respect to Ford and Chrysler," he said.
    Another positive for the stock is GM's dividend, currently
five dlrs a share annually, which gives it a higher yield than
its competitors, Kirnan said. And GM will raise the cash
dividend 25 to 50 cts a share next year, he predicted.
    But analyst Michael Lucky of Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc
said U.S. car sales will weaken, and GM's new products, if
successful, will only slow but not halt the erosion of its
market share.
    "I believe their new cars will be successful, but that will
only curtail losses in market share," which will fall to around
35 pct by 1990, Lucky said.
    Philip Fricke of Goldman Sachs and Co falls in the middle
of the bulls and bears. While he is recommending GM stock, he
said results will not improve until 1988.
    "I'm not looking for improvement this year. This is a
transition year for GM," he said.
    Fricke, who estimates 1987 earnings at 7.80 dlrs and 1988
at 10.80 dlrs, said cost cutting and new car models will not
affect 1987 results. "But the key thing isn't so much what they
earn this year. It's the momentum beyond this year that's
important."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1688>
Net 52.9 mln vs 21.9 mln
    NOTE: Company is mutual savings bank.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1689>
Oper shr 18 cts vs 28 cts
    Oper net 1,076,000 vs 1,441,000
    Sales 22.6 mln vs 21.2 mln
    Avg shrs 5,970,000 vs 5,080,000
    Year
    Oper shr 55 cts vs 49 cts
    Oper net 3,007,000 vs 2,521,000
    Sales 82.9 mln vs 73.7 mln
    Avg shrs 5,429,000 vs 4,484,000
    Note: Full company name is Bear Automotive Service
Equipment Co
    Oper shr excludes extraordinary profit from utilization of
tax loss carryforward of 231,000 dlrs, or four cts a share and
1.2 mln dlrs, or 22 cts a share, respectively, in 1986 qtr and
year, and of 441,000 dlrs, or nine cts a share and 1.1 mln
dlrs, or 23 cts a share, respectively, in 1985 qtr and year.
    1985 year oper net excludes loss from cumulative effect of
change in accounting principle of 67,000 dlrs, or one ct a
share.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1696>
French oil group Total Cie Francaise des
Petroles &lt;TPN.PA> is still expecting a 1.5 billion franc
consolidated net loss, including minority interests, for 1986,
after taking account of stock losses of 7.5 billion francs, the
company said in a communique after a board meeting here.
    In late January group president Francois-Xavier Ortoli told
journalists that the slump in oil prices and the weak dollar
had caused the stock depreciation, turning a consolidated net
profit, before losses on stocks, of six billion francs into a
consolidated net loss of 1.5 billion francs.
    Earlier today Armand Guilbaud, president of Total's
refining and distribution subsidiary Cie de
Raffinage-Distribution (CRD) Total France &lt;RAFF.PA>, told
journalists that 1986 had marked a return to profit for the
subsidiary before stock depreciation.
    CRD made a net profit before stock depreciation and
currency factors of 1.95 billion francs last year after a 1.16
billion loss in 1985.
    But its net loss last year, taking account of that
depreciation as well as currency fluctuations, was 1.16 billion
francs after a 1.05 billion loss in 1985.
    In 1986 CRD's sales fell 5.7 pct to 19.7 mln tonnes from
20.9 mln "due to the growth in imports by independent
distributors following a relaxation of regulations," Guilbaud
said.
    The subsidiary is expecting to cut its workforce to 6,000
this year and 5,000 in 1988 from 6,800 last year, under a job
reduction scheme which will eventually save the group 600 mln
francs, he said.
    Concerning business in 1987, he said that "January was a
good month, but the situation deteriorated in February."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1706>
Oper shr loss 16 cts vs loss 10 cts
    Oper net loss 1,569,000 vs loss 990,000
    Sales 50.3 mln vs 50.1 mln
    Nine mths
    Oper shr loss nine cts vs loss two cts
    Oper net loss 849,000 vs loss 199,000
    Sales 159.9 mln vs 156.6 mln
    NOTE: Current nine mths net includes 1,036,000 dlr pretax
gain on sale of property.
    Prior year net both periods includes pretax gain 1,095,000
dlrs on pension plan termination.
    Current quarter net includes 580,000 dlr tax credit.
    Prior year net includes losses from discontinued operations
of 200,000 dlrs in quarter and 573,000 dlrs in nine mths.
    Results restated for discontinued operations.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1708>
Qtly div 12-1/2 cts vs 12-1/2 cts prior
    Pay April One
    Record March 13
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1714>
Qtly div 15 cts vs 15 cts prior
    Pay March 31
    Record March 13
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1716>
Qtly div 12.5 cts vs 12.5 cts in prior qtr
    Payable March 13
    Record February 27
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1718>
Pacific Telesis Group chairman Donald
Guinn told a meeting of security analysts that the company sees
continued earnings growth in 1987 above the 1.08 billion dlrs,
or 5.02 dlrs per share, earned in 1986.
    Guinn also said that capital spending stood at about 1.8
billion dlrs in 1986, and the company expected the figure to
remain flat each year through 1989. He noted that all captial
spending will be internally financed.
    Guinn also told analysts that the company faced some
regulatory uncertainties in ongoing rate cases at its Pacific
Bell operating company.
    In rates hearings before, the California Public Utility
Commission, Guinn said the company faced a potential 76 mln dlr
revenue reduction, and due to ongoing discussions with the
commission, he said the figure might even be greater.
    The company also faces some opposition to a 225 mln dlr
rate hike requested for 1986. Guinn said the commission found
180 mln dlrs of the hike was based on questionable calculations
and assumptions, while 45 mln dlrs might represented unneeded
modernization costs.
    Guinn also said that the company is still studying whether
to join an international consortium that plans to lay a
transpacific telephone cable between the U.S. and Japan.
    "We have not agreed to anything," Guinn said, but added he
would soon recieve a feasibility study on the venture and the
company would make a decision soon on participating.
    Asked by an analyst about the recent recommendation by the
U.S. Department of Justice which would allow the Bell operating
companies to offer limited long distance services, Guinn said
the company would likely shy away from that type of expansion.
    "(Long distance services) is a very competitive business.
It's a commodity business and becoming more so," he said. "I'm
not so sure we would be interested in getting back into that
business."
    However, Guinn generally applauded the U.S.
recommendations, saying they would give more latitude for the
Bell operating companies to expand into non-regulated
businesses and provide more flexibility to form strategic
alliances with other companies.
    He added that while the company welcomes the expansion into
new areas, it is not currently involved in any acqusition
talks. "We do not have anything actively under consideration,"
he said.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1722>
Shr 13 cts vs 70 cts
    Net 1,279,000 vs 7,979,000
    Revs 16.4 mln vs 19.6 mln
    Year
    Shr 89 cts vs 2.43 dlrs
    Net 10.3 mln vs 29.8 mln
    Revs 56.2 mln vs 83.8 mln
    Avg shrs 12.1 mln vs 13.1 mlnm
    NOTE: 1986 year net includes gain 12.9 mln dlrs from sale
of eight real estate properties.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1727>
Shr 1.23 dlrs vs 1.33 dlrs
    Semi-annual div six cts vs six cts prior payment
    Net 16.2 mln vs 14.8 mln
    Sales 1.09 billion vs 909.4 mln
    NOTE: Dividend is payable April one to holders of record
March nine
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1732>
Danaher Corp said it expects higher
earnings in 1987 versus 1986.
    "We expect significant increases in earnings and revenues
in 1987," Steven Rales, Danaher chairman and chief executive
officer, said.
    Earlier, the company reported 1986 net earnings of 15.4 mln
dlrs, or 1.51 dlrs a share, versus 13.5 mln dlrs, or 1.32 dlrs
a share, in 1985.
    It also reported fourth quarter net of 7.3 mln dlrs, or 71
cts a share, up from 4.4 mln dlrs, or 43 cts a share, in the
previous year's fourth quarter.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1734>
Shr 71 cts vs 43 cts
    Net 7,274,000 vs 4,447,000
    Rev 161.6 mln vs 77.6 mln
    Year
    Shr 1.51 dlrs vs 1.32 dlrs
    Net 15,401,000 vs 13,525,000
    Rev 454.0 mln vs 304.9 mln
    NOTE: Fourth qtr net includes extraordinary gain of 3.8 mln
dlrs, or 37 cts per share, versus 2.9 mln dlrs, or 28 cts a
share, in 1985's fourth qtr, and an extraordinary charge of
642,000 dlrs, or six cts a share. 1986 net includes
extraordinary gain of 7.4 mln dlrs, or 72 cts a share, versus
8.0 mln dlrs, or 78 cts a share, in 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1747>
Trans-Lux Corp said its board
declared a five pct stock dividend payable April nine to
holders of record March 20.
    The company said directors also declared regular quarterly
dividends on presently outstanding shares of both classes of
common, payable April nine to holders of record March 16.
    It said an unchanged dividend of two cts will be paid on
the common and 1.8 cts on the Class B stock.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1751>
Shr loss one cent
    Net loss 186,000
    Revs 10.7 mln
    11 mths
    Shr loss 7.26 dlrs
    Net loss 121.4 mln
    Revs 46.9 mln
    NOTE: In February 1986, Kaneb Services Inc contributed all
of its domestic oil and gas operations to Kaneb Partners, which
was newly formed, and exchanged approximately 3,200,000
depositary units respresenting limited partnership interests in
KEP for approximately 6,400,000 million shares of the
outstanding common stock of Kaneb Servies Inc. Kaneb now owns
approximately 82 pct of KEP.
    During the 11 mths of operation, the partnership wrote down
the carrying value of its oil and gas properties by 124.8 mln
dlrs. The write downs reduced income by 7.46 dlrs per limited
partnership unit.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1752>
Shr profit three cts vs loss two cts
    net profit 157,500 vs loss 60,200
    Revs 1.1 mln vs 1.0 mln
    Nine months
    Shr profit five cts vs profit six cts
    Net profit 223,400 vs profit 260,800
    Revs 3.2 mln vs 3.1 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1759>
Shr profit 13 cts vs loss one ct
    Net profit 853,000 vs loss 22,000
    Sales 41.1 mln vs 20.3 mln
    Avg shrs 6,349,753 vs 4,403,852
    Nine Mths
    Shr profit 57 cts vs profit 28 cts
    Net profit 2,869,000 vs profit 1,252,000
    Sales 119.0 mln vs 67.6 mln
    Avg shrs 5,054,844 vs 4,403,852
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1763>
Qtrly div 12.5 cts vs 12.5 cts prior
    Pay April 1
    Record March 13
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1764>
Shr 70 cts vs 4.91 dlrs
    Net 3.7 mln vs 26.3 mln
    Year
    Shr 1.99 dlrs vs 3.35 dlrs
    Net 10.7 mln vs 18.0 mln
    NOTE:1986 year, 4th qtr include capital gains of 3.5 mln
dlrs and 1.1 mln dlrs, respectively and extraordinary gain of
3.4 mln dlrs and 1.2 mln dlrs respectively. 1985 year and 4th
qtr include capital gains of 24.0 mln dlrs and 23.3 mln dlrs
respectively and extraordinary gain of 3.9 mln dlrs.
        
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1765>
Shr 1.52 dlrs vs 17 cts
    Net 1,306,000 vs 144,000
    Rev 758,000 vs 670,000
    Year
    Shr 2.68 dlrs vs 2.63 dlrs
    Net 2,313,000 vs 2,285,000
    Rev 2.8 mln vs 2.7 mln
    NOTE: Fourth qtr and 1986 had gains on real estate
investments of 933,000 dlrs, or 1.08 a share, and 970,000 dlrs,
or 1.12 a share, respectively.
    This compares with a loss of 137,000 dlrs, or 15 cts a
share, and again of 1.3 mln dlrs, or 1.45 a share, for the
fourth qtr and year respectively in 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1767>
Qtrly div five cts vs five cts qtr
    Pay April One
    Record  March 16
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1768>
Shr profit 13 cts vs loss one ct
    Net profit 853,000 vs loss 22,000
    Revs 41.1 mln vs 20.3 mln
    Avg shrs 6,349,753 vs 4,403,852
    Nine mths
    Shr profit 57 cts vs profit 28 cts
    Net profit 2,869,000 vs profit 1,252,000
    Revs 119.0 mln vs 67.6 mln
    Avg shrs 5,054,844 vs 4,403,000
    Note: Company went public in October 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1769>
Shr four cts vs four cts prior qtr
    Pay May five
    Record April 15
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1783>
Qtly div 37.5 cts vs 37.5 cts prior
    Pay April eight
    Record March 16
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1794>
Browning-Ferris Industires Inc said its
board declared a two-for-one stock split payable April 24 to
holders of record March 31.
     
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1797>
Qtly div 55 cts vs 55 cts prior
    Payable May one
    Record April three
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1803>
Shr 17 cts vs 15 cts
    Net 229,000 vs 201,000
    revs 10.5 mln vs 9.9 mln
    Year
    Shr 21 cts vs 55 cts
    Net 283,000 vs 766,000
    Revs 40.4 mn vs 39.7 mln
    NOTE:1985 shares adjusted to reflect the distribution of
one share of Class B common stock for every two shares of
common stock held of record as of July 1, 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1814>
Qtly div five cts vs five cts prior
    Pay March 31
    Record March 16
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1816>
General Host Corp said it will
report a loss from continuing operations and a sharp decline in
net income for the year ended January 25, 1987, due to
substantial operating losses in its Frank's Nursery and Crafts
unit. For the year ended January 25, 1986, General reported net
income of 29.7 mln dlrs.
    The company said it discovered problems in its unit's
computerized accounts payable system. It said results of its
other nursery and craft unit, Flower Time Inc, are not
affected. It said its accountants are investigating the
problem, which will delay release of its full-year results.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1820>
Qtly dividend 22 cts vs 22 cts
    Pay April 30
    Record April 10
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1824>
Qtly dividend 65 cts vs 65 cts
    Pay April 15
    Record March 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1837>
Shr loss 29 cts vs profit eight cts
    Net loss 2.0 mln vs profit 568,000
    year
    Shr loss 1.37 dlrs vs profit 88 cts
    Net loss 9.3 mln vs profit 6.0 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1846>
Shr 13 cts vs 70 cts
    Net 1,538,000 vs 8,614,000
    Revs 16.4 mln vs 19.6 mln
    12 mths
    Shr 89 cts vs 2.43 dlrs
    Net 10.3 mln vs 29.8 mln
    Revs 56.2 mln vs 83.8 mln
    Note: 1986 net is before preferred dividend payments and
includes after-tax gain from sale of real estate properties of
12.9 mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1849>
Shr 15 cts vs 18 cts
    Net 4,500,000 vs 5,300,000
    Revs 156.7 mln vs 152.0 mln
    YEAR
    Shr 72 cts vs 1.11 dlrs
    Net 21.7 mln vs 33.0 mln
    Revs 695.4 mln vs 653.5 mln
    Note: Shr profit relates to class B non-voting shares.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1853>
Shr 11 cts vs nine cts
    Net 2.1 mln vs 1.6 mln
    Revs 60.8 mln vs 32.9 mln
    Avg shrs 19.7 mln vs 17.2 mln
    Note: period ended January 31.
REUTER
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1860>
Allis-Chalmers Corp said it asked
lenders and other groups to approve a restructuring plan that
would cause a dilution of the company's existing common stock.
    The company said it would sell all of its businesses other
than the American Air Filter business, make a public financing
of more than 100 mln dlrs and pay part of the currently
outstanding debt with the proceeds.
    Under the plan, which was presented to institutional
lenders, the company's unions and the Pension Benefit Guaranty
Corp, "substantial amounts" of institutional debt would be
converted to common stock of the restructured company.
    Allis-Chalmers said it will exchange existing preferred
stock for common. The exchange of the institutional debt and
preferred stock for common equity will cause a "resulting
dilution of the existing common stock," Allis-Chalmers said in
a statement.
    Under the plan, holders of existing common would hold about
15 pct of the restructured common stock. Holders of existing
preferred would hold about 35 pct of the new common.
    Allis-Chalmers said its only alternative to the plan is
bankruptcy. The restructuring must be approved by creditors,
common and preferred holders,and present and former employees.
    Allis-Chalmers said a bankruptcy filing "appears to
represent the company's only alternative if agreement upon the
terms of the plan cannot be reached."
    The spokesman said in response to an inquiry that he was
not aware of any extraordinary charge against earnings that
would result from the restructuring.
    "It is too early to talk about a charge" because the plan
must still be approved by the lenders and unions, he said.
    Also under the plan, payments to Allis-Chalmers' private
lenders would be deferred. Trade payables and obligations
incurred in the ordinary course of business will be met.
    Payment of health benefits for active and retired employees
would be made "at substantially reduced levels."
    Allis-Chalmers, once one of the leading farm equipment
companies, sold all of its farm equipment operations to Deutz
of West Germany for 107 mln dlrs, leaving the company with
businesses in lift trucks, air conditioning, fluids handling
and solid materials processing.
    Last year, Allis-Chalmers sold the lift truck business to
AC Material Handling Co of Columbus, Ohio.
    Under the restructuring plan, Allis-Chalmers will sell its
solid materials processing and fluids handling businesses.
Solid materials processing, which makes equipment to crush
stones for highway construction, accounted for 288 mln dlrs of
Allis-Chalmers's total 1985 revenues of 886 mln dlrs.
    The company will also sell its fluids handling operations,
which makes pumps and valves. That business accounted for 196
mln dlrs of the company's 1985 revenues.
    Allis-Chalmers in 1986 reported a net loss of 8.6 mln dlrs,
or 1.09 dlrs a share. In 1985, the company lost 168.4 mln dlrs,
or 12.27 dlrs a share.
    The company's last profit was in 1980, when it earned 52.4
mln dlrs on sales of 2.1 billion dlrs.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1861>
Oper shr profit 11 cts vs loss 27 cts
    Oper net profit 662,625 vs loss 774,002
    Revs 43.9 mln vs 18.4 mln
    Year
    Oper shr profit 37 cts vs loss 37 cts
    Oper net profit 1,487,796 vs loss 1,119,626
    Revs 150.1 mln vs 51.7 mln
    NOTE: 1986 4th qtr and yr oper net excludes 6,134 dlrs and
720,500 dlrs or 20 cts per share, respectively, for realized
investment gains.
    1986 qtr and yr oper net also excludes 102,300 dlrs and
257,300 dlrs, respectively, for tax loss carryforwards.
    1985 4th qtr and yr oper net excludes realized investment
gains of 449,920 dlrs or 15 cts per share and 897,949 dlrs or
30 cts per share, respectively.
    1985 4th qtr oper net also excludes a loss of 42,820 dlrs
for carryforward.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1872>
Oper shr loss 20 cts vs profit 66 cts
    Oper net loss 1,995,000 vs profit 5,820,000
    Revs 65.2 mln vs 53.0 mln
    Avg shrs 9,891,000 vs 8,811,000
    Note: 1986 loss excludes extraordinary loss of 2,413,000
dlrs or 25 cts shr including corporate reorganization,
discontinuing of U.S. operations and inventory writedown of
U.S. subsidiaries vs yr-ago loss of 3,140,000 dlrs or 36 cts
shr.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1873>
Qtly div three cts vs three cts
    Pay March 27
    Record March 16
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1877>
Shr profit ten cts vs loss six cts
    Net profit 43,000 vs loss 26,000
    Year
    Shr profit 46 cts vs profit 12 cts
    Net profit 193,294 vs profit 51,029
    Assets 44.4 mln vs 25.3 mln
    Deposits 40.0 mln vs 21.4 mln
    Loans 25.3 mln vs 15.2 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1917>
Hoechst AG &lt;HFAG.F> said its group
pre-tax profit in 1986 would be slightly lower than the 3.16
billion marks posted in 1985, while parent company pre-tax
profits rose slightly from the 1.62 billion in 1985.
    Group turnover fell slightly to 38 billion marks from 42.72
billion in 1985, and parent company turnover fell to around 14
billion marks from 15.35 billion, the company said in a
statement.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1919>
The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corp
&lt;HKBH.HK> is likely to show a rise in profit of between 10 and
13 pct for 1986, reflecting stronger than expected loan growth,
share analysts polled by Reuters said.
    Their estimates of the bank's net earnings for last year
ranged from 2.99 to 3.1 billion H.K. Dlrs. Results will be
announced on Tuesday. The 1985 net profit was 2.72 billion.
    They forecast a final dividend of 29 cents for a total of
42 cents for the year against 38 cents in 1985, adjusted for a
one-for-five bonus issue.
    Analysts said they expected the bank to recommend a bonus
issue this year, probably one for three or one for five.
    The bank's 61.5 pct subsidiary Hang Seng Bank Ltd &lt;HSGH.HK>
is to report its 1986 results on Friday.
    Analysts expect Hang Seng to announce net profit of more
than one billion dlrs for the first time, an increase of 10 to
12 pct.
    They expect Hang Seng to pay a final dividend of 1.37 dlrs
for a total of 1.75 dlrs for the year against 1.60 in 1985.
    Analysts said that while the use of undisclosed inner
reserves by banks here makes forecasting very imprecise,
Hongkong Bank benefited from the unexpected strength of the
Hong Kong economy in 1986, when gross domestic product grew by
nearly nine pct against an initial forecast of 4.5 pct.
    "They benefited considerably from the pickup in loan demand,
as their loan portfolio is well balanced," an analyst at Mansion
House Securities (F.E.) Ltd said.
    Government figures show that total loans and advances rose
by 13.8 pct in 1986, compared with a 4.5 pct increase in 1985.
    Loans to finance Hong Kong's visible trade, the mainstay of
the local economy, rose by 15.1 pct against a decline of five
pct in 1985.
    Low interest rates also helped the bank. Interest received
on loans was low, with the prime rate at 6.5 pct at end-1986,
but interest paid on savings was two pct. Hongkong Bank and
Hang Seng Bank control half of all deposits in the banking
system, giving them access to a large base of low-cost funds.
    The strength of the real-estate market was another major
income source for the bank group. Loans to finance property
development and instalment mortgages rose sharply.
    "The Hongkong Bank group is still the leader in mortgage
business despite tough competition from the Bank of China group
and other foreign banks," one analyst said.
    The high level of activity on the capital and equities
markets in 1986 contributed to a sharp improvement in Hongkong
Bank subsidiaries Wardley Ltd &lt;WAIA.HK> and &lt;James Capel and
Co>, analysts said. "Wardley had a tremendous year acting as
financial adviser and underwriter," an analyst said.
    Wardley was underwriter for last year's billion-dlr
flotation of &lt;Cathay Pacific Airways Ltd>, of which Hongkong
Bank owned 30 pct at the time.
    The bank's stake has since been cut to 16.4 pct in return
for 1.57 billion dlrs. It also sold its entire 48.8 pct stake
in &lt;South China Morning Post Ltd>, the larger of two
English-language daily newspapers here, for 1.18 billion dlrs.
    The proceeds will go to reserves for acquisitions and will
not show up in the profit and loss accounts, analysts said.
    Analysts said the bank had also been helped by a reduced
need to write off bad debts. "The need for provisions was much
lower than the year before," said Tony Measor of Hong Leong
Securities Co Ltd. "Last year's profits should have been 2.8 to
2.9 billion dlrs if not for the huge provisions."
    Former Hongkong Bank chairman Michael Sandberg said the
bank wrote off hundreds of millions of dollars against its
shipping exposure in 1985. Lesley Nickolds of County Securities
Asia Ltd said she saw no major shipping writeoffs in 1986. She
forecast profit of 2.99 billion dlrs.
    The bank's Latin American exposure, mainly through its
51-pct owned Marine Midland Banks Inc &lt;MM>, appears to have
improved substantially, analysts said. Marine Midland's 1986
fourth-quarter loan-loss provisions fell to 44.1 mln U.S. Dlrs
from 89.2 mln a year before. Its 1986 net profit rose to 145
mln U.S. Dlrs from 125 mln in 1985.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1924>
Group shr 18.34 yen vs 58.72
    Net 10.73 billion yen vs 37.06 billion
    Pretax 27.76 billion yen vs 84.78 billion
    Operating 30.06 billion yen vs 88.81 billion
    Sales 889.22 billion vs 955.78 billion
    Note - The company attributed the profit fall largely to
the yen's appreciation during the period. Domestic sales rose
0.4 pct to 274.17 billion yen from a year earlier while exports
declined 9.9 pct to 615.04 billion.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10002>
&lt;Island
Telephone Co Ltd> said the previously announced two-for-one
common share split was approved by shareholders at the annual
meeting.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10008>
Shr loss nil vs profit 19 cts
    Net loss 3,175 vs profit 284,945
    Revs 13.6 mln vs 10.6 mln
    Year
    Shr profit 13 cts vs profit 56 cts
    Net profit 195,202 vs profit 857,006
    Revs 47.5 mln vs 42.9 mln
    Note: Current year net includes charge against discontinued
operations of 1,060,848 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10023>
Shr 51 cts vs 75 cts
    Net 5,524,000 vs 8,094,000
    Revs 142.4 mln vs 137.2 mln
    NOTE: 1986 and 1985 year net includes loss 785,000 dlrs or
eight cts a share and 59,000 dlrs or one ct a share,
respectively, for discontinued operations.
    1985 year ended December 28, 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10027>
Period ended Feb 28
    Shr profit five cts vs profit four cts
    Net profit 191,000 vs profit 108,000
    Sales 6,561,000 vs 5,896,000
    Nine mths
    Shr loss 28 cts vs loss 40 cts
    Net loss 871,000 vs loss 990,000
    Sales 9,310,000 vs 8,894,000
    Avg shrs 3,086,386 vs 2,465,996
    NOTE: Full name is American Nursery Products Inc
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10032>
Shr loss six cts vs loss seven cts
    Net loss 125,000 vs loss 140,000
    Rev 2.4 mln vs 2.2 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 13 cts vs loss 14 cts
    Net loss 271,000 vs loss 211,000
    Rev 10.1 mln vs 8.2 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10037>
Shr 11 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 1,129,000 vs 1,301,000
    Revs 83.2 mln vs 74.5 mln
    Year
    Shr 57 cts vs 82 cts
    Net 5,686,000 vs 8,168,000
    Revs 398.4 mln vs 333.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10040>
Qtr ends Feb 28
    Shr profit five cts vs profit four cts
    Net profit 191,000 vs profit 108,000
    Revs 6,561,000 vs 5,896,000
    Avg shrs 3.6 mln vs 2.5 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr loss 28 cts vs loss 40 cts
    Net loss 871,000 vs loss 990,000
    Revs 9,310,000 vs 8,894,000
    Avg shrs 3.1 mln vs 2.5 mln
    NOTE: Full name American Nursery Products Inc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10041>
AB Volvo &lt;VOLV.ST> said the weakening
dollar caused the drop in its 1986 profits, but company chief
executive Pehr Gyllenhammar said 1986 was one of Volvo's best
years ever.
    In its final report released earlier, the company said the
group's 1986 profits before allocations and taxes was 7.53
billion crowns  compared with 1985's 7.60 billion.
    Despite the fall, Gyllenhammar said, "Sales of industrial
products have never been higher, and Volvo Cars and Volvo
Trucks were both completely sold out at year-end. Operating
income was slightly higher than a year earlier."
    He said the company's financial strength gave it
exceptional opportunities to invest for the future.
    Although industrial sales were up, the company's yearend
report said total sales were 84.09 billion crowns against
1985's 86.19 billion.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10046>
Shr loss four cts vs loss five cts
    Net loss 527,065 vs loss 1,204,080
    Revs 622,470 vs 613,205
    Year
    Shr profit four cts vs loss 13 cts
    Net profit 1,099,778 vs loss 3,282,478
    Revs 7,579,547 vs 6,068,254
    NOTE: 1985 excludes loss from discontinued operations of
four cts per share in the quarter and loss 10 cts in the year.
1986 year excludes extraordinary gain of two cts a share.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10053>
Shr loss 30 cts vs loss 73 cts
    Net loss 3,895,267 vs loss 8,250,222
    Revs 3,237,235 vs 234,745
    Note: 4th qtr data not available
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10054>
Federated Department Stores Inc said
it raised its quarterly common stock dividend to 74 cts a
share, from 67 cts, an increase of 10.5 pct.
    The company said it also approved a two-for-one stock split
in the form of a 100 pct stock dividend.
    At the same time, Federated said it will ask shareholders
to approve an increase in the number of authorized shares to
400 mln, from 200 mln.
    Federated said the dividend is payable on a pre-split basis
on April 24 to shareholders of record April 10.
    New shares from the stock split will be distributed May 11,
it said.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10057>
Danzar Investment Group Inc said it 
received 60 mln shares of &lt;Commonwealth Capital Ltd> in
settlement of a debt and that it will distribute the shares to
its stockholders as a dividend.
    Danzar said the dividend will also include 18,750,000
Commonwealth shares it already holds.
    The dividend of 39.9 shares per Danzar share held will be
paid to shareholders of record April 15, the company said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10061>
Qtly div nine cts
    Pay April 30
    Record April six
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10067>
Entertainment Publications
Inc said it expects an after-tax loss of 31 cts a share in its
third quarter from the disposal of three units it closed.
    The company said its board approved a plan to discontinue
the operations of three subsidiaries, which are primarily
involved in direct mail marketing.
    "The discontinued units were not likely to meet the growth
and profit goals of the company in the future," Entertainment
Publications said.
    The three units lost 900,000 dlrs, or 19 cts a share in the
six months ended December 31.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10068>
Chris-Craft Industies Inc said it
declared a regular two pct stock dividend on both its common
stock and class B common stock, which is equal the two pct
stock dividends the company paid for the prior quarter.
    The dividends are payable on April 20 to shareholders of
record April six.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10073>
The Pillsbury Co said it
filed a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange
Commission for the sale of limited partnership interests in a
second master limited partnership of its Burger King unit's
restaurant properties.
    Pillsbury said it expects the offering to yield 73-82 mln
dlrs, resulting in an after-tax gain of 20-23 mln dlrs.
    A spokesman for Pillsbury said the company is aiming to get
this after-tax gain in the fourth fiscal quarter ending in May.
    Pillsbury said the sale will occur as soon as practicable,
considering the business and legal contigencies.
    The company said Burger King and another Pillsbury unit,
QSV Properties, will be the master limited partnership's
general partner.
    Pillsbury said it expects the interests to be sold to
public investors and listed for trading on the New York Stock
Exchange.
    Merrill Lynch will lead the underwriting, Pillsbury said.
    Pillsbury first sold limited partnership interests in
Burger King Investors L.P. in February 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10074>
Qtly div 20 cts vs 19-1/2 cts prior
    Pay June 20
    Record June 5
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10076>
Qtly div 17-1/2 cts vs 17-1/2 cts prior
    Pay June 5
    Record May 22
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10083>
Shr loss 3.49 dlrs vs loss 15 cts
    Net loss 10.8 mln vs loss 459,000
    Revs 4,384,000 vs 2,542,000
    Year
    Shr loss 4.41 dlrs vs loss seven cts
    Net loss 13.7 mln vs loss 218,000
    Revs 13.9 mln vs 8,864,000
    Note: net losses included extraordinary losses of 4,904,000
in 4th qtr vs 232,000 year ago and extraordinary losses for
year of 2,056,000 vs 460,000 a year ago.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10085>
Home Savings Bank said its board
declared an initial quarterly dividend of nine cts per share,
payable April 30, record April Six.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10089>
Shr profit nil vs profit nine cts
    Net profit 2,000 vs profit 195,000
    Revs 2,623,000 vs 2,577,000
    Year
    Shr loss 21 cts vs profit 13 cts
    Net loss 425,000 vs profit 278,000
    Revs 15.4 mln vs 8,637,000
    Note: Net includes capital gains of 63,000 vs 211,000 for
qtr and 304,000 vs 292,000 for year. Current year net includes
charge of 716,000 from contract obligation to former chairman.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10090>
Freedom Federal Savings Bank
said it will recognize in its first-quarter earnings a
previously deferred 1.5 mln dlr gain which resulted from the
sale of an apartment complex in 1983.
    It said the recognition comes as a result of repayment of a
loan which was granted when the complex was sold.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10092>
Qtly div 32 cts vs 30 cts prior
    Pay April 29
    Record April 10
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10094>
Shr loss 28 cts vs loss six cts
    Net loss 561,029 vs loss 114,712
    Revs 3,464,269 vs 4,083,833
    Nine mths
    Shr loss 56 cts vs loss 13 cts
    Net loss 1,104,472 vs loss 261,791
    Revs 10.5 mln vs 11.6 mln
    NOTE: Prior year net includes losses from discontinued
operations of 99,209 dlrs in quarter and 202,097 dlrs in nine
mths. 
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10095>
Quantech Electronics Corp said
it is investigating available means of raising additional funds
needed to finance continuing operations, but there is no
assurance that it will succeed.
    The company said it continues to experience negative cash
flow.  Today it reported a loss for the third quarter ended
December 31 of 561,029 dlrs, compared with a 114,712 dlr loss a
year before.
    Quantech said it has received waivers from Marine Midland
Banks Inc &lt;MM> through May 26 on covenants in its loan
agreement.
    The company said Marine Midland has agreed to advance it an
additional working capital loan that will be personally
guaranteed by chairman Henry Ginsburg.  Loans from Marine
Midland are secured by substantially all company assets.
    Quantech also said Bernard Weinblatt has rsigned as
president and a director, and until a replacement is found,
Ginsberg will act as chief executive and Leonard N. Hecht,
formerly chief executive, will act as chief operating officer.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10096>
PDA Engineering said it has
temporarily deferred shipmetns of its PATRAN software for IBM
computers, due to a technical problem with the program.
    The company said the deferral will reduce its thrid quarter
revenues and earnings.
    PDA said it anticipates resuming shipments in the fourth
quarter.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10097>
Oper shr 16 cts vs 29 cts
    Oper net 453,924 vs 726,816
    Revs 12.0 mln vs 11.2 mln
    Avg shrs 2,695,206 vs 2,562,160
    Year
    Oper shr 50 cts vs 50 cts
    Oper net 1,365,655 vs 1,268,847
    Revs 40.1 mln vs 33.1 mln
    Avg shrs 2,695,206 vs 2,562,160
    NOTE: Net excludes tax credits of 571,000 dlrs vs 496,000
dlrs in quarter and 1,347,000 dlrs vs 1,107,000 dlrs in year.
    Share adjusted for one-for-five reverse split in October
1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10099>
Shr 63 cts vs 64 cts
    Net 2,463,214 vs 2,509,832
    Sales 34.4 mln vs 30.6 mln
    NOTE: Backlog as of February 28 47.4 mln dlrs vs 34.9 mln
dlrs a year before.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10105>
American Brands Inc said it expects
first quarter net earnings to exceed the record 118.7 mln dlrs
or 1.05 dlrs a share it earned for the year-ago quarter.
    The company also said it believes sales in the first
quarter will surpass record sales of 2.1 billion dlrs last
year.
    The company said unit sales of American Tobacco's Lucky
Strike Filter line rose 20 pct last year, which led to a gain
for he Lucky franchise.
    American Brands said it will introduce a new low-priced
brand of cigarettes called Malibu.
    The company's U.K.-based Gallaher Ltd unit had a strong
performance in 1986 and became the second-largest contributor
to operating earnings, American Brands said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10108>
Shr 20 cts vs six cts
    Net 861,000 vs 266,000
    Revs 10.2 mln vs 6,036,000
    Note: 4th qtr data not given.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10109>
Qtly div 68 cts vs 68 cts in prior qtr
    Payable May one
    Record April 14
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10110>
Transworld Liquidating Trust said it
will distribute proceeds from the sale of Hilton International
Co to UAL Inc &lt;UAL> to its holders on April 8.
    The deal is expected to close March 31, the day trading
ceases in the Liquidating Trust shares.
    UAL will pay 632.5 mln dlrs cash, 2,564,000 shares of UAL
common stock and 200 mln dlrs worth of UAL debentures to
Transworld, but it may substitute cash for the securities. The
initial distribution will include all the cash, stock and
debentures received in connection with the sale, the company
said.
    The shares in the Trust formerly represented shares of
Transworld Corp common stock.
    The company said the balance of cash in the Trust will be
used to satisfy all liabilities and obligations of the Trust.
After satisfaction of the payments, the company will make a
second distribution around April 29, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10112>
Electro-Sensors Inc said its board
voted an extraordinary cash dividend on its common stock of 10
cts a share payable May 15, record April 30.
    The company paid an extraordinary dividend of 10 cts in May
1986.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10114>
U.S. Home Corp said its first quarter
ending March 31, 1987, will be its most profitable first
quarter since 1983.
    The company said in 1983, it recorded a profit of 8,600,000
dlrs for its first quarter. The three following first quarters
resulted in losses of 3,200,000 dlrs, 3,500,000 dlrs and
1,800,000 dlrs, respectively, the company said.
    U.S. Home declined to put a specific figure on what its net
earnings would be for the coming first quarter, but said it
would definitely record a profit.
    In other news, U.S. Home said its shareholders approved an
amendment to its company's certificate of incorporation
relating to the liability of the company's directors.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10115>
Rockefeller Center Properties Inc said
it raised its quarterly dividend to 45 cts from 44 cts a share.
    The dividend is payable April 27 to shareholders of record
April 7.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10119>
Shr seven cts vs 26 cts
    Net 200,000 vs 450,000
    Revs 7,291,000 vs 1,177,000
    12 mths
    Shr 37 cts vs 77 cts
    Net 801,000 vs 1,329,000
    Revs 26 mln vs 28.6 mln
    NOTE: 1985 year includes extraordinary gain of 10 cts per
share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10130>
Shr 49 cts vs 57 cts
    Net 25.1 mln vs 28.9 mln
    Revs 202.8 mln vs 220.9 mln
    12 mths
    Shr 4.05 dlrs vs 3.66 dlrs
    Net 223.9 mln vs 186.4 mln
    Revs 1.35 billion vs 1.34 billion
    NOTE: Full name Potomac Electric Power Co
    1987 year includes extraordinary gain of 21.7 mln, or 46
cts per share, for the June 1986 sale of the company's Virginia
service territory to Virginia Power.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10140>
Decision Industries Corp said it
expects to report an operating loss of 19-24 cts a share for
the first quarter ending March 31 mainly due to lower profit
margins and higher sales and marketing costs.
    In the 1st quarter of last year, when the company's quarter
ended Feb 28, 1986, it earned 957,000 dlrs or 10 cts a share on
revenues of 45 mln dlrs.
    Decision also said it entered into an agreement to sell its
International Computerized Telemarketing Inc subsidiary to an
investor group headed by the unit's senior management. Terms
were not disclosed.
    Decision also said it consolidated its Decision Development
Corp subsidiary into Decision Data Computer Corp, the unit
which designs, manufactures and sells its System/3X peripheral
products.
    It said this restructuring will adversely affect its first
quarter earnings, but it said it expects to realize a
"significant savings" in operating expenses through the
remainder of the year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10162>
Qtly div 36 cts vs 36 cts
    Pay April 30
    Record April 7
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10163>
Qtly div 30 cts vs 30 cts prior
    Pay June one
    Record May eight
    NOTE: Current dividend is equivalent to previous quarterly
dividend of 45 cts per share, after giving effect to 3-for-2
stock split effective March 3, 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10165>
Oper shr loss one cts vs loss five cts
    Oper net loss 15,000 vs loss 79,000
    Revs 6,244,000 vs 8,148,000
    Avg shrs 1,912,000 vs 1,537,000
    Nine mths
    Oper shr profit 19 cts vs profit 22 cts
    Oper net profit 347,000 vs profit 341,000
    Revs 22.6 mln vs 28.5 mln
    Avg shrs 1,840,000 vs 1,537,000
   
    Note: Oper excludes tax losses of 13,000 vs 85,000 for qtr
and tax credits of 258,000 vs 235,000 for nine mths.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10173>
Courier Corp said it expects to
report a small loss for the second fiscal quarter against a
profit of 828,000 dlrs a year ago.
    The company attributed the loss to competitive pressures
which have cut gross margins. In addition, it said it is
incurring significant expenses from management programs aimed
at reducing costs and boosting productivity.
    It said its Murray Printing Co unit has undertaken a
program of extended work hours, and salary and job cuts which
will save more than 1.5 mln dlrs annually.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10174>
Shr four cts vs two cts
    Net 59,700 vs 27,300
    Revs 3,123,900 vs 1,911,900
    12 mths
    Shr six cts vs nine cts
    Net 94,100 vs 81,600
    Revs 9,802,000 vs 5,922,000
    NOTE: qtr 1986 and qtr prior includes tax gain 9,000 and
1,900, respectively; and year 1986 and year prior includes tax
gain 18,000 and 21,000, respectively.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10180>
Valley Federal Savings and
Loan Association said its board declared a two-for-one stock
split for its common stock.
    The split will be effected in the form of a 100 pct stock
dividend, to be issued April 30 to stockholders of record March
31.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10181>
Atcor Inc said it cut its
quarterly dividend to three cts per share from 12 cts because
of depressed earnings.
    The dividend is payable April 15 to holders of record April
6.
    It said it will continue to review the dividend on a
quarterly basis.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10185>
Oper shr profit 12 cts vs loss 1.15 dlrs
    Oper net profit 300,286 vs loss 2,855,887
    Revs 2,456,616 mln vs 2,979,206
    Avg shrs 2,527,720 vs 2,482,197
    NOTE: 1986 earnings exclude extraordinary gain from
forgiveness of debt through reorganization under Chapter 11 of
280,505 dlrs, or 11 cts a share
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10186>
Qtly div three cts vs 12 cts prior
    Pay April 15
    Record April 6
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10196>
Shr two cts vs three cts
    Net 21,080 vs 35,393
    Revs 2,026,017 vs 2,476,068
    Nine mths
    Shr five cts vs six cts
    Net 48,567 vs 59,527
    Revs 6,231,242 vs 6,519,473
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10197>
Burr-Brown Corp said its first
quarter 1987 results will show profits significantly below the
1,058,000 dlrs, or 11 cts per share, earned in the first
quarter last year.
    The company said the profit decline will be the result of
an increase in reserves for inventory valuation. The increase
will be to cover potential write-downs of certain inventories
or products used in compact-disc stereo systems.
    Burr-Brown said the possible write-down is being
precipitated by a shift in market demand toward higher
performance products.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10208>
&lt;Central Capital Corp> said it planned
a three-for-two split of its common and class A subordinate
voting shares, subject to shareholder approval at the April 23
annual meeting.
    It said the split would raise the amount of common shares
to about 25.2 mln from 16.8 mln and subordinate voting shares
to about 23.9 mln from 15.9 mln.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10211>
Shr loss 66 cts vs profit 1.07 dlrs
    Net loss 20,957,000 vs profit 11,041,000
    Revs 1.54 billion vs 1.85 billion
    Avg shrs 73.2 mln vs 71.7 mln
    NOTE: 1986 net excludes charge of 94.8 mln dlrs or 1.32
dlrs a share from abandonment of Bailly nuclear plant.
    Northern Indiana Public Service Co is full name of company.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10218>
Honeywell Inc said its total debt
rose by more than 85 pct in 1986, mainly due to its 1.02
billion dlr acquisition of the Sperry Aerospace Group.
    At yearend, according to the company's 1986 annual report,
Honeywell's total debt stood at 1.44 billion dlrs, compared
with 776.6 mln dlrs in 1985.
    Honeywell said that if it had acquired the Sperry unit at
the beginning of 1986, its loss for the full year would have
been 9.88 dlrs a share.
    Honeywell's actual loss in 1986 was 8.33 dlrs a share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10222>
Media General Inc said it raised
the annual dividend on its class A and class B common stock to
68 cts a share from 64 cts.
    The company said it also declared a two-for-one stock split
of both stock issues, which is subject to shareholder approval
of an increase in the number of authorized class A shares.
    Media General said the increased dividend is payable June
12 to shareholders of record May 29.
    The proposed stock split will be paid May 29 in shares of
class A shares, the company said.
    The company said it also approved an amendment to its
articles of incorporation allowing class B shares to be
coverted into class A shares at the option of the holder.
    Media General said the moves should broaden investor
interest in its class A stock.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10225>
Shr 21 cts vs 10 cts
    Net 10,798,000 vs 4,704,000
    Revs 47.4 mln vs 32.9 mln
    YEAR
    Shr 58 cts vs 54 cts
    Net 29.1 mln vs 25.8 mln
    Revs 187.7 mln vs 134.7 mln
    Note: 1986 net includes 2.8 mln dlr extraordinary gain in
4th qtr and 6.5 mln dlr fl-yr extraordinary loss involving
provision for decline in market value of marketable securities
partly offset by gain from sale of stake in Dome Petroleum Ltd
&lt;DMP>.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10227>
Shr loss seven cts vs profit 11 cts
    Net loss 76,888 vs profit 106,885
    Revs 752,234 vs 922,036
    (corrects year ago per share to profit, instead of loss in
item that ran on March 23)
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10233>
Great American Corp said
preliminary findings by regulatory examiners of its AMBANK
subsidiary will result in a first quarter charge of 14.1 mln
dlrs and a writedown of 1.4 mln dlrs.
    The charge will be made against the allowance for possible
loan losses, and the writedown is of other real estate.
    Great American said the examiners were conducting a regular
examination and a final report is not expected for several
weeks. Management intends to include the charge and writedown
in response to the preliminary findings.
    Great American said regulatory authorities are not
requiring an adjustment of the previously reported financial
results for Great American for 1986.
    However, Great American has revised its previous estimates
of provisions for possible losses and has added 9.9 mln dlrs to
the allowance account as of December 31, 1986. It said it took
the action since the charge-offs will significantly deplete its
allowance for possible loan losses and the economic environment
does not show signs for significant improvement in the near
future.
    It said the additional provision increases the allowance to
26.4 mln dlrs, representing 6.63 pct of the outstanding loan
portfolio and 83.2 pct of non-performing loans at year-end.
    Great American said its revised net loss for the fourth
quarter is 14.1 mln dlrs, or 6.36 dlrs per share, compared to a
net loss of 2.4 mln dlrs or 1.06 dlrs per share the year
earlier.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10235>
Shr 78 cts vs 51 cts
    Net 725,000 vs 451,000
    Assets 98.5 mln vs 85.9 mln
    Loans 40.5 mln vs 28.8 mln
    Deposits 90.4 mln vs 78.7 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10237>
MacMillan Bloedel
Ltd said shareholders approved the company's previously
reported proposed three-for-one stock split.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10240>
Qtly div five pct stock vs five pct stock
    Pay April 16
    Record April six
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10242>
Qtly div five cts vs five cts
    Pay April 30
    Record April 15
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10243>
Qtly div 15 cts vs 15 cts
    Pay May 4
    Record April 10
    Note: previous dividend restated to reflect January 26
two-for-one stock split.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10245>
McM Corp said it has been forced
to delay the release of its fourth quarter and yearend results
until it can determine the effects on its balance sheet of a
possible increase in liabilities at a unit.
    Earlier this month, the company's Occidental Fire and
Casualty Co unit paid 26 mln dlrs to a unit of &lt;Mutual of
Omaha> under a commutation agreement.
    However, McM said it now believes it is possible that the
unit's liabilities may exceed 26 mln dlrs.
    It said a finding on any possible increase should be
completed by April 15.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10253>
Qtr ended Feb 28
    Oper shr loss one ct vs profit 12 cts
    Oper net profit 3,000 vs profit 218,000
    Revs 12.0 mln vs 10.6 mln
    Avg shrs 2,421,000 vs 1,602,000
    Nine mths
    Oper shr profit 28 cts vs profit 24 cts
    Oper net profit 639,000 vs profit 500,000
    Revs 34.6 mln vs 31.2 mln
    Avg shrs 1,928,000 vs 1,620,000
    Note: Oper excludes tax credits of 180,000 and 415,000 for
year-ago qtr and nine mths.
    Oper includes writeoff related to subordinated note
exchange of 185,000 for current qtr and nine mths.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10254>
Shr nil vs four cts
    Net 12,000 vs 140,000
    Revs 4,446,000 vs 3,998,000
    Avg shrs 4,364,000 vs 3,461,000
    Year
    Shr 60 cts vs 22 cts
    Net 2,257,000 vs 774,000
    Revs 18.3 mln vs 21.1 mln
    Avg shrs 3,788,000 vs 3,461,000
   
    Note: Net includes realized gains on investments of 50,000
vs 105,000 for qtr and 174,000 vs 202,000 for year.
    Net also includes tax credit of 64,000 for year-ago 12
mths.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10272>
The &lt;British Petroleum Co of
Australia Ltd> reported a 16.15 mln dlr net loss for 1986
against a 73.38 mln dlr profit in 1985 after sales fell to 2.27
billion dlrs from 2.94 billion.
    The British Petroleum Co Plc &lt;BP.L> unit attributed the
deficit to stock losses arising from the drop in crude prices
in the first half, when it made a 119.93 mln dlr loss.
    It said government compensation, in the form of subsidies
to refiners to partially cover stock losses, together with
improved crude prices in the second half, enabled the group's
oil business to make a modest pre-tax profit.
    BP Australia said it had not recommended a dividend.
    Commenting on the year's performance, the company said it
suspended operations at the 60 pct-owned Agnew Nickel mine
because of losses sustained from declining nickel prices.
    The results also included an 11.3 mln dlr extraordinary
writedown on the value of the laid-up oil exploration drillship
Regional Endeavour.
    BP Australia said it had sold its 33-1/3 stake in chemical
maker &lt;CSBP and Farmers Ltd> yielding an extraordinary profit
of 18.9 mln dlrs and expected to finalise the sale of the 80
pct-owned &lt;Kwinana Nitrogen Co> in the first half of 1987.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10280>
Shr 126 H.K. Cents vs 42 (adjusted)
    Final div 30 cents vs 10, making 40 vs 10
    Net 479 mln dlrs vs 157 mln
    Turnover 10.4 billion vs 10.5 billion
    Note - Profits excluded extraordinary items 52 mln dlrs vs
losses 426 mln. Dividend payable after general meeting on June
4, books close April 22 to May 5.
    Note - Bonus issue of four new "B" shares of par value 20
cents each for every one share of par value two dlrs each,
books close August 3 to 10.
 REUTER N
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10282>
Shr 126 H.K. Cents vs 42 (adjusted)
    Final div 30 cents vs 10, making 40 vs 10
    Net 479 mln dlrs vs 157 mln
    Turnover 10.4 billion vs 10.5 billion
    Note - Profits excluded extraordinary items 52 mln dlrs vs
losses 426 mln. Dividend payable after general meeting on June
4, books close April 22 to May 5.
    Note - Bonus issue of four new "B" shares of par value 20
cents each for every one share of par value two dlrs each,
books close August 3 to 10.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10284>
First nine months ended Feb 28
    Shr 47.4 cents vs 65.2
    Net 603.0 mln dlrs vs 813.0 mln
    Sales 6.52 billion vs 6.53 billion
    Other income 454.9 mln vs 160.2 mln
    Shrs 1.27 billion vs 1.03 billion.
    Final div 20 cents vs same, making 37.5 vs same.
    One-for-five bonus issue
    Third qtr net 206.0 mln dlrs vs 238.6 mln
    Third qtr sales 2.11 billion vs 2.10 billion.
    NOTE - Div pay May 27. Div and bonus reg May 1. Nine months
net is after tax 499.1 mln dlrs vs 722.6 mln, depreciation
509.5 mln vs 427.3 mln, interest 366.8 mln vs 215.8 mln and
minorities 15.3 mln vs 15.7 mln but before net extraordinary
profit 60.7 mln vs profit 43.2 mln.
    Nine month divisional net earnings before minorities were.
    Petroleum 184.9 mln dlrs vs 472.4 mln
    Minerals 254.6 mln vs 241.0 mln
    Steel 148.2 mln vs 191.1 mln
    Corporate items and investments profit 30.6 mln vs loss
75.8 mln.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10291>
Jardine Matheson Holdings Ltd
&lt;JARD.HKG> said it planned a bonus issue of four new "B" shares
of 20 H.K. Cents each for every ordinary share of par value two
dlrs.
    A company statement said the firm expects to pay a total
1987 dividend of four cents per "B" share, while the "A" share
dividend will be maintained at last year's level of 40 cents a
share.
    Jardine Matheson announced earlier a 205 pct jump in 1986
net profits to 479 mln dlrs from 157 mln in 1985.
    Shareholders' funds increased to 5.02 billion dlrs from
4.77 billion in 1985, the statement said.
    It quoted chairman Simon Keswick as saying Jardine Matheson
achieved the good performance through satisfactory results in
most sections, especially Hong Kong Land Co Ltd &lt;HKLD.HKG>,
Jardine Fleming Co Ltd, and its business in Japan.
    He said the group's stake of about 35 pct in Hong Kong
Land, which will be lowered to 26 pct after the completion of a
reorganisation, is "a long term investment and now stands at a
level which causes us no financial strain or problems of asset
imbalance."
    Keswick said the issue of new "B" shares will give the group
"the flexibility in the future to issue ordinary shares for
expansion without jeopardising the shareholding stability which
has been brought about through the group's recent
restructuring."
    He said the new issue is pending approval from both the
firm's shareholders and warrant holders, adding an appropriate
adjustment will be made to the warrant exercise price.
    The Jardine group has nearly completed its reorganisation,
with Jardine Matheson transferring its control of Hk Land to
the new unit &lt;Jardine Strategic Holdings Ltd>.
    Jardine Strategic will also hold majority stakes in the two
companies spun off from Hk Land -- &lt;Mandarin Oriental
International Ltd> and &lt;Dairy Farm International Holdings Ltd>
-- plus cross holdings with Jardine Matheson.
    Jardine Matheson, which had debts of about 2.7 billion dlrs
last year, will become debt free after the restructuring.
    "A positive cash flow from operations and disposals,
continuing into 1987, has transformed our balance sheet,"
Keswick said. He noted the firm last year sold interests in
airfreight operations, Australian properties and trucking
business, and its remaining U.S. Oil and gas activities.
    Jardine Matheson decided to make a provision against its
general trading business in the Middle East in view of the
continuing weakness of oil prices, Keswick said. But he said
the operations would be profitable in the longer term.
    He said the firm's function "has evolved into one primarily
of strategy, structure and financial and personnel policy."
    He said Jardine Matheson will reduce the size of the board
of directors but will simultaneously create a new Pacific
regional board. He gave no further details of the change.
    Jardine Matheson shares rose 20 cents to 24.90 dlrs at
midday on the Hong Kong stock market. In early trading it had
fallen to 24.30 dlrs because of rumours yesterday that the firm
planned a rights issue.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10292>
The Broken Hill Pty Co Ltd &lt;BRKN.S>
said it expects a strong full year result, helped by sigificant
investment allowance credits in the fourth quarter, but net
will fall short of the record 988.2 mln dlrs earned in 1985/86
ended May 31.
    The group earlier reported its net earnings dropped to
603.0 mln dlrs in the first three quarters ended February 28
from 813.0 mln a year earlier.
    Third quarter net fell to 206.0 mln dlrs from 238.6 mln a
year earlier and 220.3 mln in the second quarter ended November
31, BHP said in a statement.
    Earnings in the first nine months were at the lower end of
share analysts' forecasts yesterday of a range of 600 mln to
620 mln dlrs.
    BHP held its annual dividend unchanged at 37.5 cents after
declaring a steady final dividend of 20 cents and announced a
one-for-five bonus issue to shareholders registered May 1.
    The bonus is being made from reserves which will not
qualify for tax-free distribution after the introduction of
dividend imputation next July 1.
    The bonus shares will not rank for the final dividend, BHP
said.
    BHP said it should not be expected that the present rate of
dividend will be maintained on the increased capital.
    The level of future dividends will be influenced by the
implications of the proposed dividend imputation legislation,
it said.
    As previously reported, dividends will become tax-free in
shareholders' hands provided they are paid out of profits that
have borne the full 49 pct company tax rate.
    BHP, which confined comment to the third quarter, said
petroleum net earnings dropped to 98.8 mln dlrs from 139.6 mln
a year earlier, and steel profit to 27.0 mln from 48.8 mln.
    BHP said the petroleum division earnings fall reflected
generally lower oil prices and sales volumes from Bass Strait
while the steel decline was due to a five pct fall in domestic
sales and higher costs associated with the commissioning of new
plant and some operational difficulties.
    The rise in third quarter minerals net to 95.7 mln dlrs
from 81.5 mln a year earlier largely reflected the increase in
ownership of the Mt Newman iron ore project, it said.
    The 60.7 mln dlr extraordinary gain, all in the third term,
reflected a 240.7 mln profit on the sale of &lt;Blue Circle
Southern Cement Ltd> offset by a U.S. Oil acreage writedown.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10318>
&lt;Avana Group Plc>, defending itself
against a bid from Ranks Hovis McDougall Plc &lt;RHML.L>, RHM,
forecast a 3.4 mln stg rise in profits in the 1986/87 year.
    It said pretax profit should rise to 23.0 mln stg in the
year to April 2, 1987 from 19.6 mln previously, and reach 27.5
mln in 1987/88. It expects share earnings to rise to 46.9p from
38.7p and to 51.2p in 1987/88, and the 1986/87 dividend to be
17.0p net, a 41.6 pct increase.
    The bid from RHM, rejected by the food and bakery group, is
worth about 270 mln stg. RHM currently has a 22.9 pct stake in
purchases and acceptances.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10328>
&lt;Mitsubishi Motors Australia Ltd>
(MMAL) reported a 19.64 mln dlr net loss in calendar 1986 from
a 5.80 mln dlr profit in 1985 on turnover of 837.79 mln dlrs
from 942.89 mln.
    MMAL, 99 pct-owned by Mitsubishi Motors Corp &lt;MIMT.T> and
Mitsubishi Corp &lt;MITT.T>,  said a tight market meant it had
failed to recover 19 mln dlrs in costs sustained because of a
weak Australian dollar.
    The company said its Magna car dominated its market segment
with sales of 30,500 units against 26,900 in 1985. Total sales
were 64,100, down 15,900.
    In addition, export of components to Japan increased with
15 mln dlrs invested in 1986 to expand output of aluminium
cylinder heads to 26,000 per month from 6,000, MMAL said.
    Imported passenger car, light commercial and heavy vehicle
sales suffered while local-manufacturing profitability was
eroded by sales substantially below production capacity, it
said.
    Australian car sales fell to 530,000 in 1985 from 696,000
in 1985, although MMAL said it lifted its market penetration to
12.1 pct from 11.5 pct.
    No dividend was recommended.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10338>
Provisional consolidated net attributable profit 242.1 mln
francs vs 240.1 mln.
    Investments 318 mln vs 317 mln.
    Dividend on ordinary shares 45 francs vs 42 francs.
    Dividend on priority shares 51 francs vs 48 francs.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10342>
Thyssen AG &lt;THYH.F> said
it expects to post a good profit in 1987 despite anticipated
losses in its mass steel-making operations this year.
    Managing board chairman Dieter Spethmann told the annual
meeting the group was satisfied with profit developments in the
first half of the 1986/87 financial year to September 30.
    The group's other three divisions -- specialty steel,
capital goods and trading -- had made a profit so far in
1986/87, he added.
    Spethmann said income from associate companies had also
been good in early 1986/87.
    In 1985/86 Thyssen's world group profit fell to 370.1 mln
marks from 472.4 mln in 1984/85, reflecting costs linked to its
steel operations. The company's dividend was an unchanged five
marks.
    A Thyssen spokesman told Reuters that planned job cuts at
subsidiary Thyssen Stahl AG would be higher than announced
earlier. Total job losses by 1989 were now expected to total up
to 7,800 against original projections of 5,900. Thyssen Stahl
employs some 40,000 people.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10349>
Net shr 7.6 cents vs 3.0
    Int div 3.0 cents vs nil
    Net 16.93 mln vs 5.47 mln
    Sales 160.14 mln vs 2.35 mln.
    Other income 6.29 mln vs 10.05 mln
    Shrs 223.16 mln vs 183.68 mln.
    NOTE - Two-for-seven non-renounceable rights issue of 8.0
pct five-year subordinated convertible redeemable unsecured
notes at 2.50 dlrs each. Each note is convertible into one
share. Div pay May 1. Div and issue reg April 16.
    Net is after tax 7.04 mln dlrs vs 3.82 mln, interest 2.52
mln vs 1.14 mln, depreciation 2.43 mln vs 123,000 and
minorities 3.41 mln vs 2.91 mln but before net extraordinary
loss 821,000 vs nil.
    Company is owned 46.99 pct by Elders IXL Ltd &lt;ELXA.S>.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10381>
Oper shr five cts vs six cts
    Oper net 1,100,000 vs 1,463,000
    Revs 177.8 mln vs 331.5 mln
    Avg shrs 21.9 mn vs 25.7 mln
    First half
    Oper shr six cts vs five cts
    Oper net 1,121,000 vs 1.090,000
    Revs 315.3 mln vs 567.4 mln
    Avg shrs 20.6 mln vs 25.6 mln
    NOTE: Operating net excludes gains of 659,000 dlrs, or
three cts a share, vs 599 dlrs, or two cts a share, in quarter
and 676,000 dlrs, or three cts a share, vs 599,000 dlrs, or two
cts a share, in year from tax loss carryforward.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10387>
MacMillan Bloedel
Ltd said shareholders authorized a previously announced
three-for-one stock split, applicable to holders of record
April nine.
    The company said its stock will begin trading on a split
basis on April 3, subject to regulatory approvals.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10393>
Periods ended Feb 28
    Oper shr 46 cts vs 51 cts
    Oper shr diluted 43 cts vs 50 cts
    Oper net 34.2 mln vs 39.8 mln
    Revs 823.3 mln vs 794.3 mln
    Avg shrs 74.9 mln vs 78.7 mln
    Nine mths
    Oper shr 1.29 dlrs vs 1.46 dlrs
    Oper shr diluted 1.20 dlrs vs 1.43 dlrs
    Oper net 99.4 mln vs 114.5 mln
    Revs 2.50 billion vs 2.22 billion
    Avg shrs 77.0 mln vs 78.3 mln
    NOTE: Year ago nine months operating net excludes loss of
2.0 mln dlrs, or two cts a share, from discontinued operations
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10398>
Sports carmaker Dr. Ing. H.C.F.
Porsche AG &lt;PSHG.F> said it expects to post a satisfactory
profit in 1986/87, with domestic volume sales seen lower but
U.S. Sales anticipated higher.
    Managing board chairman Peter Schutz said domestic sales
were expected to fall to 9,000 in the year ending July 31 from
11,340 in 1985/86. U.S. Sales should rise to more than 30,000
from 28,670 last year.
    Schutz made no specific profit or sales forecasts. Last
month the company said it expected net profit to fall below 70
mln marks this year from 75.3 mln marks in 1985/86.
    For sales, Porsche expects its overall world volume this
year to be above 50,000. Sales last year stood at 53,254,
Schutz said. His expectations of a satisfactory profit were
based on a combination of price rises and cost-cutting, he
added.
    The expected drop in West German sales this year would be
the result of the so-called "grey market" for Porsche cars, he
said. When the dollar was strong against the mark, many
Porsches had been bought locally in West Germany for illegal
export to the U.S.
    Porsche has previously said domestic sales in the 1986/87
first half fell to 3,267 from 5,387 in the same 1985/86 period.
    The fact that U.S. Sales will account for a larger
percentage of overall sales this year than before does not pose
problems for profit, the Porsche board said.
    In the last 12 months it has raised U.S. Prices by around
20 pct without suffering any decline in sales. At the same time
Porsche has hedged its dollar-denominated business for the
1986/87 business year, finance director Heinz Branitzki.
    Branitzki put Porsche's hedging costs in 1985/86 at 28 mln
marks.
    In a speech to the annual meeting, Schutz said third-party
orders placed with Porsche's engineering research centre in
Weissach were rising and should top 100 mln marks this year for
the first time.
    Porsche's net profit dropped sharply to 75.3 mln marks in
1985/86 from 120.4 mln marks in 1984/85.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10402>
Qtly div 18 cts vs 18 cts in prior qtr
    Payable May one
    Record April 15
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10411>
Qtr ends March 7
    Shr 48 cts vs 39 cts
    Net 18.7 mln vs 15.6 mln
    Revs 415.4 mln vs 384.5 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.31 dlrs vs 78 cts
    Net 50.7 mln vs 31.8 mln
    Revs 1.04 billion vs 1.01 billion
    NOTE: per share for yr and qtr prior restated to reflect
two-for-one stock split in Jan 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10427>
Shr loss 35 cts vs loss seven cts
    Net loss 718,269 vs loss 145,216
    Revs 1,394,080 vs 2,608,083
    NOTE: full name of company is standard bred pacers and
trotters Inc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10430>
Shr 77 cts vs 37 cts
    Net 13.5 mln vs 4.8 mln
    Revs 70.8 mln vs 60.8 mln
    Avg shrs 17.5 mln vs 12.9 mln
    NOTE: 1986 net includes gain of 18 mln dlrs from sale in
Dec 1986 of a 50 pct interest in its cellular telephone
operations to BellSouth Corp.
    Net income also reflects non-recurring charges of 8,400,000
dlrs recorded in the fourth qtr 1986, primarily reflecting
revaluation of assets.
    Full name of company is mobile communications corp of
america.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10431>
Shr 23 cts vs 12 cts
    Net 1,535,000 vs 783,000
    Rev 40.0 mln vs 28.7 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10432>
Spartech Corp said it plans a one for
five reverse stock split and has filed a registration statement
with the Securities and Exchange Commission covering a planned
25 mln dlr offering of convertible subordinated debentures due
1999.
    Spartech said the debenture offering will be underwritten
by Kidder Peabody and Co.
    The company said the split will be effective on stock of
record April eight.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10436>
Shr loss 3.41 dlrs
    Net loss 354 mln vs loss 53 mln
    Revs 825 mln vs 830 mln
    Avg shrs 103.8 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 5.33 dlrs
    Net loss 426 mlnm vs loss 66 mln
    Revs 3.17 billion vs 1.83 billion
    Avg shrs 80 mln
    NOTE: The company had no shares outstanding in 1985. On
March 16, it had 109,244,315 shares oustanding.
    Losses include pre-tax restructuring charges of 286 mln
dlrs in both 1986 periods vs 47 mln dlrs in both 1985 periods
    1986 year loss also includes charge of about 100 mln dlrs
for amortization of good will
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10439>
Qtly div 36 cts vs 33 cts prior
    Pay May one
    Record April 14
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10440>
Tokheim Corp, manufacturer of
electronic petroleum marketing systems, said it expects
shipments of Tokheim Convenience Systems (TCS), its new family
of dispensers, to improve its sales trend throughout 1987.
    Tokheim said shipments of TCS will begin in the second
quarter.
    Earlier, the company reported first quarter, ended February
28, earnings of 1.5 mln dlrs, or 23 cts a share, up from
783,000 dlrs, or 12 cts a share, in last year's first quarter.
Sales rose as well, it said, to 40.0 mln dlrs, from 28.7 mln
dlrs in the prior first quarter.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10445>
Westinghouse Electric Corp said
earnings per share growth will exceed sales growth and will be
in the double digit range through 1989.
    In 1986, the company earned 4.42 dlrs a share on revenues
of 10.7 billion dlrs.
    Speaking at a meeting for securities analysts, Douglas
Danforth, Westinghouse's chairman, said the company's sales
growth target is about 8.5 pct a year for 1988 and 1989, "given
an economic environment that remains on a moderate growth
course." He also said the company will make acquisitions, but
he did not specify particular targets.
    Paul E. Lego, senior executive vice president told the
analysts "our plans do not call for a multibillion dlr
acquisition, even though our balance sheet can handle one.
Despite this disclaimer, if we identify a major acquisition
that has significnt value-creating for Westinghouse...we will
consider it." He said the company would consider an acquisition
candidate that is in an area compatable with Westinghouse's
primiary businesses.
    Danforth said the corportation was focused in several key
areas including defense electronics, financial services,
broadcasting, electrical products and services for construction
and industrial and utility markets.
    Danforth added that he expects Westinghouse's sales to grow
faster than the markets the corportation serves and "surely
faster than GNP."
    He said earnings per share growth is expected to
consistently exceed the Standard and Poor's 500 index and
return on equity will remain in the 18 to 21 pct range.
    Leo W. Yochum, senior executive vice president for finance,
told the analysts "we will consider buying back stock" but
there are no current plans for such a buyback.
    Yochum said that at the company's current level of earnings
it could comfortably maintain higher debt levels and that
Westinghouse will use its debt capacity to improve shareholder
value.
    Last year, Westinghouse established a 790 mln dlrs
restructuring reserve to be used for plant consolodation,
assett writedowns and other items. Yochum said, the company
spent 306 mln dlrs of that reserve in 1986 and will spend 344
mln dlrs of the reserves in 1987. The balance will be used in
1988. He also said, capital expenditures should be about 400
mln dlrs in 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10447>
Shr loss 1.30 dlrs
    Net loss 25.6 mln
    Revs 20.5 mln
    Note: Prior results not given.
    Shr and net include change in accounting policy, resulting
in loss of 22.8 mln dlrs or 1.16 dlrs share.
    Results in U.S. funds
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10459>
Shr NA
    Net profit 2,000 vs profit 195,000
    Revs 2,623,000 vs 2,577,000
    Year
    Shr NA
    Net loss 425,000 vs profit 278,000
    Revs 15.4 mln vs 8,637,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10470>
Galactic Resources
Ltd, earlier reporting a 1986 loss of 25.6 mln U.S. dlrs, said
it adopted a more conservative accounting policy, similar to
other gold producers' accounting for exploration costs.
    As a result, the company retroactively charged all past
exploration and related administration costs incurred on its
properties against expenses in 1986, 1985 and 1984.
    Under the new policy, all future exploration and related
administration costs will be written off to expenses rather
than capitalized as an intangible asset, it said.
    Galactic said the accounting change resulted in a 22.8 mln
U.S. dlr charge against 1986 earnings. It did not immediately
disclose the affect of the change on prior years' results.
    The new accounting policy is not expected to adversely
affect working capital position, future cash flows or the
company's ability to conduct ongoing business operations, it
said.
    Galactic said the charge includes 9.9 mln U.S. dlrs of
costs concerning its Summitville Mine leach pad and 8.9 mln
U.S. dlrs in waste removal costs, dyke construction and other
mine developments.
    Galactic said under the prior accounting policy, the
Summitville mine expenses would have been amortized over the
life of the mine and charged against future earnings.
    The change will also result in lower depreciation and
amortization charges against income of about 52 U.S. dlrs an
ounce of gold produced in future periods, based on total
estimated reserves of 617,000 ounces.
    Galactic said March leaching production at Summitville is
expected to exceed 2,500 ounces, raising gold equivalent
production since the June 5, 1986 start of leaching to 65,000
ounces.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10472>
Mars Store Inc said it
expects to report a loss of about 800,000 dlrs for the fourth
quarter and about 1.1 mln dlrs for the fiscal year ended
January 31.
    As a result of the loss, the company said it has decided to
discontinue the operations of its Big Value Outlets division,
which will result in a yet undisclosed one time charge against
earnings for the year.
    The estimated 1.1 mln dlrs year loss or about 50 cts a
share, compares with earnings of 871,000 dlrs or 42 cts a share
recorded last year.
    "The fourth quarter loss was affected by an abnormally high
inventory shrinkage, lower than planned sales and higher
markdowns related to increased promotional activity, all of
which reduced fourth quarter gross margins," the company said.
    In order to concentrate on the company's core business, the
operation of discount and promotional department stores, Mars
said, it has decided to close the Big Value division.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10478>
Shr 22 cts vs 45 cts
    Net 3,100,000 vs 5,100,000
    Revs 103.4 mln vs 98.2 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10484>
Qtrly div eight cts vs eight cts prior
    Pay May 15
    Record April 10
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10498>
Cistron Biotechnology Inc said
it will pay a stock dividend declared prior to the initial
public offering of its common stock in August 1986 to
stockholders of record prior to the common offering.
    Payment of the dividend was contingent on the closing bid
price of the common stock averaging two dlrs or more per shares
for the trading days within any consecutive ten day period
ending before February 29, 1988. The company said that the
contingency has been fulfilled.
    Payment of the stock dividend increases Cistron's
outstanding common stock to 21,390,190 shares from 16,185,354
shares.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10499>
Qtr ends Feb 28
    Shr 18 cts vs 10 cts
    Net 2,051,000 vs 901,000
    Revs 25.8 mln vs 19.2 mln
    Avg shrs 10.7 mln vs 9,059,600
    12 mths
    Shr 87 cts vs 63 cts
    Net 9,020,000 vs 5,680,000
    Revs 94.4 mln vs 73.7 mln
    Avg shrs 10.3 mln vs 9,059,600
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10500>
Shr loss eight cts vs loss 24 cts
    Net loss 1,150,000 vs loss 3,450,000
    Revs 55.7 mln vs 78.1 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10509>
Glamis Gold Ltd
said it will ask shareholders at an April 1 extraordinary
general meeting to approve a one-and-one-half for one common
share split.
    Record date for the split will be set in the near future,
the company said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10515>
Nuclear Metals Inc said a delay
in receiving certain new orders will result in negligible
earnings per share for its fiscal second quarter.
    However, the company said it has been assured that the
orders will be placed beginning in its fiscal third quarter and
that it expects a strong rebound in earnings for the third and
fourth quarters.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10524>
Shr profit nil vs loss nil
    Net profit 68,895 vs loss 160,893
    Revs 3.3 mln vs 104,801
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10529>
Shr 73 cts vs 55 cts
    Net 26.0 mln vs 17.1 mln
    Revs 673.3 mln vs 394.5 mln
    Avg shrs 29.3 mln vs 22.4 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10532>
Shr 42 cts vs 42 cts
    Net 19.1 mln vs 19.5 mln
    Revs 184.9 mln vs 185.1 mln
    12 mths
    Shr 2.17 dlrs vs 2.53 dlrs
    Net 97.0 mln vs 111.8 mln
    Revs 793.3 mln vs 828.8 mln
    Avg shrs 40.9 mln vs 40.5 mln
    NOTE: Year-ago restated.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10534>
Shr loss two cts vs loss 1.38 dlrs
    Net profit 34,000 vs loss 3,296,000
    Revs 3,121,000 vs 1,546,000
    Year
    Shr profit 28 cts vs loss 1.61 dlrs
    Net profit 1,088,000 vs loss 3,546,000
    Revs 5,266,000 vs 4,169,000
    Note: Current qtr per share figure adjusted to reflect
provision for preferred stock dividends.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10538>
Shr loss 16 cts vs loss seven cts
    Net loss 3,450,000 vs loss 1,508,000
    Sales 56,000 vs 1,187,000
    Avg shrs 22,568,000 vs 20,591,000
    Year
    Shr loss 38 cts vs loss 29 cts
    Net loss 7,977,000 vs loss 6,005,000
    Sales 3,699,000 vs 2,391,000
    Avg shrs 21,111,000 vs 20,578,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10542>
Qtly div 14-1/2 cts vs 14-1/2 cts prior
    Pay June One
    Record April 24
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10544>
Valhi Inc reported earnings of LLC Corp
and the Amalgamated Sugar Co for the six month period ended
December 31.
    Effective March 10, Amalgamated merged into LLC, which
changed its name to Valhi. The following results reflect the
operations of the companies prior to the merger.
    LLC Corp reported net income of 18.4 mln dlrs or 60 cts a
share on revenues of 55.6 mln dlrs compared to 23.2 mln dlrs or
75 cts a share on revenues of 79.3 mln dlrs a year ago.
   This year's net includes an extraordinary loss of 201,000
dlrs and a gain of 4.7 mln dlrs. 1985's net included an
extraordinary gain of 6.3 mln dlrs, Valhi said.
    Amalgamated reported net income of 10.65 dlrs per share or
69.7 mln dlrs on revenues of 371.3 mln dlrs compared to a net
loss of 700,000 dlrs or 10 cts a share on revenues of 254.7 mln
dlrs last year.
    Valhi said effective December 31, it changed its fiscal
year-end from June 30 to December 31.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10547>
Southwestern Bell Corp said its board
voted a three-for-one stock split and increased the dividend
8.8 pct to 1.60 dlrs a share.
    On a post-split basis, the increased dividend will be 58
cts a share, payable May One to holders of record April 10.
    Southwestern Bell said the stock split is
its first. It said shares will be mailed May 22, record May
Four.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10548>
Honeywell Bull Inc, owned by Honeywell
Inc &lt;HON>, &lt;Cie des Machines Bull> and &lt;NEC Corp>, said it
expects its 1987 revenues to increase 15 to 20 pct over its
current level of about 1.9 billion dlrs.
    Honeywell Bull president Jerome Meyer also told the press
conference the company was profitable, adding the company aimed
to improve profits over time.
    Honeywell Inc earlier today received 527 mln dlrs in cash
for the sale of 57.5 pct of its computer business to Bull and
NEC. Honeywell will retain a 42.5 pct interest in Honeywell
Bull and Bull will own an equal amount.
    NEC owns 15 pct of the company.
    Meyer, who had been executive vice president of Honeywell
Information Systems, said Honeywell Bull would work closely
with NEC and Bull in both developing new products and marketing
computers to multi-national companies.
    "We haven't been growing as fast as we'd like, but we are
going to turn that around," Meyer said. He said business was 
soft in the U.S.
    He said the company was reorganizing its distribution
programs and its staff, reassigning and laying off selected
employees. He also said the company was hiring new workers.
    Honeywell Bull chairman Jacques Stern, who is also chairman
of Bull, said he believed the computer industry could be a fast
growing market for companies that provide the type of computers
customers want. "I don't believe in the slump of the market,"
he said.
    The computer company would offer open systems so that
customers would not be tied to a specific vendor or
architecture, and it will also focus on tying computers
together through communications networks.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10556>
Shr loss eight cts vs loss eight cts
    Net loss 655,457 vs loss 566,429
    Rev 258,712 vs nil
    Year
    Shr loss 31 cts vs loss 26 cts
    Net loss 2,725,882 vs loss 1,759,675
    Rev 349,070 vs nil
    NOTE: Company's full name is Computer Network Technology
Corp. 1985 revenues n.a. because 1986 was initial year of
product revenue.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10561>
Period ended February 28
    Oper shr profit six cts vs loss 15 cts
    Oper profit 474,000 vs loss 1,175,000
    Revs 17,946,000 vs 9,271,000
    Note: Current shr and net exclude tax gain of 513,000  dlrs
or five cts share
    full name &lt;Canadian Satellite Communications Inc>
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10564>
Shr 35 cts vs 40 cts
    Net 9,246,000 vs 10,719,000
    Sales 367.9 mln vs 315.1 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.03 dlrs vs 1.13 dlrs
    Net 27,490,000 vs 30,160,000
    Sales 1.06 billion vs 915.3 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10565>
Qtly div 13-1/2 cts vs 11-1/2 cts prior
    Pay June 15
    Record May 22

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10566>
Doskocil Cos Inc said its
shareholders approved a one-for-10 reverse stock split, which
is expected to become effective by April 30.
    The company said the reverse split will reduce the its
outstanding shares to about six mln from 60 mln.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10573>
Shr 27 cts vs 34 cts
    Net 174,390 vs 222,720
    Revs 4,948,622 vs 4,516,042
    Note: Current net includes non-recurring loss on
investments of 82,034.
    Full name is Education Systems and Publications Corp.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10597>
Shr loss 29 cts vs loss 15 cts
    Net loss 513,542 vs loss 263,708
    Revs 38,000 vs nil
    Year
    Shr loss 24 cts vs loss 10 cts
    Net loss 417,552 vs loss 142,010
    Revs 171,000 vs nil
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10598>
Shr loss 57 cts vs profit 3.02 dlrs
    Net loss 3,606,000 vs profit 8,294,000
    Revs 15.3 mln vs 23.9 mln
    Note: Net includes gains from sale of USPCI Inc &lt;UPC> stock
of 1.5 mln vs 20.5 mln
    Year-ago net includes loss from discontinued operations of
10.3 mln.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10599>
Shr loss 47 cts vs loss 63 cts
    Net loss 1,450,000 vs loss 1,930,000
    Revs 14.7 mln vs 13.3 mln
    Note: Year-ago resulted restated to exclude Michigan cable
systems sold in 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10600>
Shr loss nine cts loss 12 cts
    Net loss 585,866 vs loss 455,866
    Avg shrs 6,841,638 vs 3,651,505
    Year
    Shr loss 34 cts vs loss 54 cts
    Net loss 2,158,709 vs loss 1,931,397
    Avg shrs 6,296,701 vs 3,586,914
    Note: Company has no revs as it is in product development
stage. Shr and avg shrs data reflect 1-for-25 reverse split in
November 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10601>
Oper shr two cts vs 10 cts
    Oper net 162,300 vs 773,400
    Revs 16.6 mln vs 16.5 mln
    Avg shrs 8,282,480 vs 8,045,493
    NOTE: Excludes gains of 138,000 dlrs or two cts/shr vs
733,000 dlrs or nine cts from benefit of tax loss
carryforwards.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10609>
Shr 21 cts vs 20 cts
    Fin Div 8.0 cts gross vs 9.0 cts
    Group net 104.8 mln dlrs vs 100.9 mln
    Note - Fin div pay June 6, record May 19.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10610>
Shr 26.9 cts vs 25.1 cts
    Fin Div 8.0 pct gross vs 8.0 pct
    Group net 106.1 mln dlrs vs 99.0 mln
    Note - Fin div pay May 25, record April 18.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10611>
Shr 8.7 cts vs 7.7 cts
    Fin div 9.0 cts vs 9.0 cts
    Group net 23.5 mln dlrs vs 20.8 mln
    Turnover 212.7 mln dlrs vs 595.4 mln
    Note - Fin div pay May 27, record May 23. REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10612>
Shr 8.43 cts vs 9.61 cts
    Int div nil vs nil
    Group net 7.8 mln dlrs vs 8.9 mln
    Turnover 30.6 mln dlrs vs 33.5 mln
    Note - The company said group net profits for the year
ending this Aug 31 should amount to 13.5 mln dlrs.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10644>
Year ended December 31, 1986.
    Group net profit 30 mln marks vs 35 mln.
    Balance sheet total 61.50 billion marks vs 63.67 billion.
    Credit volume 42.00 billion marks vs 43.15 billion.
    Parent bank net profit 20 mln marks vs 20 mln.
    Transfer to trades union holding co 80 mln marks vs 80 mln.
    Payment to open reserves 20 mln marks vs 20 mln.
    Balance sheet total 48.67 billion marks vs 49.01 billion.
    Partial operating profit 182.6 mln marks vs 313.7 mln.
    Interest surplus 897.9 mln marks vs 981.1 mln.
    Surplus on commission 208.8 mln marks 188.1 mln.
    Ordinary expenditure 969.7 mln marks vs 909.7 mln.
    Earnings from subsidiaries through profit transfer
agreements 494.2 mln marks vs 54.2 mln.
    Earnings from writing back provisions 326.5 mln marks vs
65.6 mln.
    Published risk provisions 736.3 mln marks vs 224.0 mln.
    Credit volume 32.63 billion marks vs 33.51 billion.
    Group figures for 1986 exclude &lt;BSV Bank fueer Sparanlagen
und Vermoegensbildung AG> which no longer consolidated.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10648>
Bank fuer Gemeinwirtschaft AG
&lt;BKFG.F>, BfG, partial operating profits fell to 182.6 mln
marks in 1986 from 313.7 mln in 1985, new majority shareholder
Aachener und Muenchener Beteiligungs-AG &lt;AMVG.F>, AMB, said.
    But total operating and extraordinary profits, including
earnings from currency and securities trading on the bank's own
account and earnings from the sale of holdings in other firms,
were more than double the previous year's level, AMB said.
    BfG's 1986 accounts were included in a prospectus for AMB's
capital increase, which is to finance the insurance company's
acquisition of 50 pct plus one share of BfG.
    Despite the fall in partial operating profits, BfG paid an
unchanged 20 mln marks into open reserves and transferred an
unchanged 80 mln marks to its trade union holding company,
&lt;Beteiligungsgesellschaft fuer Gemeinwirtschaft AG>, from which
AMB has acquired the majority stake.
    The bank has said its business last year suffered from the
turbulence around the troubled trade-union-owned housing
concern Neue Heimat.
    AMB said the 500 mln mark drop in BfG's business volume to
50.1 billion marks affected the interest surplus.
    The interest surplus, which fell to 897.9 mln marks from
981.1 mln, was also depressed by the 0.1 point fall in the
interest margin to 1.9 pct.
    A rise in the surplus on commission to 208.8 mln marks from
188.1 mln was not enough to compensate for this.
    The rise in total operating profits enabled BfG to step up
risk provisions, with country risks particularly emphasised
because of the continuing difficulties of some countries.
    Disclosed risk provisions, which under West German
accounting rules do not necessarily reflect the full amount,
rose to 736.3 mln marks from 224.0 mln.
    BfG's parent credit volume eased to 32.63 billion marks in
1986 from 33.51 billion. Foreign debtors accounted for 24 pct
of this credit volume, and Latin American debtors accounted for
14.7 pct of total lending to foreigners.
    BfG posted extraordinary earnings from the sale of 25.01
pct of &lt;Volksfuersorge Deutsche Lebensversicherung AG>, 74.9
pct of &lt;BSV Bank fuer Sparanlagen und Vermoegensbildung AG> and
five pct of &lt;Allgemeine Hypothekenbank AG>. The sale was linked
to AMB's acquisition of a majority of BfG.
    These sales show up as 494.2 mln marks from profit transfer
agreements and 326.5 mln from writing back risk provisions.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10688>
Year to December 31.
    World group pre-tax profit 2.63 billion marks vs 3.04
billion.
    World group turnover 40.47 billion vs 44.38 billion.
    World group investment in fixed assets 2.66 billion vs 2.46
billion.
    Parent company pre-tax profit 1.97 billion vs 1.91 billion.
    Parent turnover 18.72 billion vs 20.46 billion.
    Parent domestic turnover 7.10 billion vs 8.14 billion.
    Parent foreign turnover 11.62 billion vs 12.32 billion.
    Parent investment in fixed assets 1.14 billion vs 884 mln.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10699>
Net profit 890 mln Luxembourg francs
vs 1.12 billion.
    Turnover 57.8 billion francs vs 65.3 billion.
    Cash flow 5.72 billion francs vs 6.70 billion.
    Steel production 3.74 mln tonnes, down seven pct.
    Board will decide on April 24 whether to pay a dividend. No
dividend has been paid since 1984.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10702>
The recent deterioration in the
steel market makes it important for Arbed SA &lt;ARBB.BR> to
maintain efforts to reduce costs, the company said in a
statement.
    It reported that its competitive position had weakened
considerably in the second half of 1986, leading to a seven pct
cut in steel output over the whole of the year to 3.74 mln
tonnes.
    Arbed had managed to make a 890 mln franc net profit,
slightly down from the 1.12 billion profit in 1985, thanks to
lower raw material costs and prudent management, the company
said.
    Arbed said the early months of 1987 had seen the market
deteriorate further, but the decision of the European Community
to maintain anti-crisis measures, at least provisionally,
should under normal circumstances have a beneficial effect.
    EC ministers have agreed to extend a quota production
system while discussions continue on an industry plan for
capacity reductions.
    Arbed said in current conditions, cost cutting efforts
remain necessary to avoid any weakening of resources which have
been built up over the last three years.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10703>
BASF AG said
the volatile currency situation last year, particularly the
fall of the dollar, led to sharp drops in turnover denominated
in marks and to price reductions for exports from domestic
production.
    But in a statement accompanying year-end figures, the group
said it expected satisfactory business development over the
next months. "At the moment we do not expect any extraordinary
influences such as there were last year," it said. Orders in
hand and incoming orders were steady at a high level.
    BASF reported 13.6 pct lower 1986 world group pre-tax
profit at 2.63 billion marks compared to 1985.
    The unusual situation on the crude oil market last year
also produced a clear sales slide in the oil and gas sector and
forced price declines for petrochemical products, BASF said.
    The fall in pre-tax profit corresponded to the losses on
stocks in the oil and gas sector at the beginning of 1986. In
the parent company, the positive earnings development
continued, it said, where pre-tax profit rose by 3.2 pct to
1.97 billion marks. The decline in parent company turnover was
balanced out by increased capacity use and price declines in
raw materials. 
    In 1986, world group turnover was off 8.8 pct at 40.47
billion marks compared to 1985, BASF said. Parent turnover fell
8.5 pct to 18.72 billion.
    Turnover increases, with the exceptions of the sectors fine
chemicals and informations systems, had only been achieved in
those areas widened last year through acquisition in 1985.
    Results from these had been taken only partly into the
fourth quarter of that year but fully included in 1986 data.
    So far in the current year, the investment volume of the
parent company and the world group is exceeding that in 1986,
BASF said, without giving concrete figures.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10715>
Non-consolidated net profit 3.435
billion francs vs 2.330 billion.
    Turnover 39.3 billion francs (no direct comparison)
    Own funds 20 billion francs vs 9.2 billion after transfer
of 1.28 billion francs from profits and 8.5 billion from sale
of securities.
    Note - company said the figure is slightly lower because
French branches have become group subsidiaries).
    Proposed net dividend on ordinary shares 100 francs,
including 20 franc supplement due to the exceptional character
of results, vs 71.9 francs.
    Note - Company was created in May 1986 by the merger of
(Royale Belge Vie-Accidents) and (Royale Belge
Incendie-Reassurance).
    Vie-Accidents shareholders received eight new shares and
Incendie-Reassurance shareholders six for every share held in
the old companies.
    Comparisons are therefore company calculations.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10738>
Slough Estates Plc &lt;SLOU.L> said it
views the prospects during 1987 with confidence.
    In a statement accompanying its 1986 results, it reported a
rise of over 10 mln stg in 1986 pretax profit to 49.6 mln stg
and said there are signs that the existing threat of excess
supply may be lessened in 1987. There has also been a return of
interest in industrial investment.
    An external appraisal of the group's investment properties
was carried out last year which found their gross value to be
851.3 mln stg as at Dec 31.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10743>
Rugby Portland Cement Plc &lt;RBYL.L> said
it was well placed to operate in the new circumstances
following the ending in February of the 53-year old cement
manufacturers common price and marketing arrangements.
    In a statement following the release of its 1986 results,
IT stated that the current year had started well. It reported
that pretax profits in the year rose to 35.46 mln stg from
21.84 mln previously on turnover higher at 313.3 mln after
252.2 mln.
    The strong recovery of the first six months continued into
the second half, although U.K. Cement demand rose only
modestly. Results benefitted from cost cutting and higher
volumes.
    The decision by the Cement Makers Federation to end the
pricing agreement reflected pressure from higher competition
due to growing imports and the possibility that the system
would be taken to the Restrictive Practices Court by the U.K.
Government. It stated that its John Carr unit benefitted from
strong organic growth, although overseas its Cockburn operation
had a difficult period with high maintenance costs and
increased depreciation charges.
    The company is proposing to change its name at the next
annual meeting to &lt;Rugby Group Plc>.
    Rugby said it spent 27 mln stg on acquisitions in 1986. It
noted that its Western Australia hotels company had agreed to
sell the Parmelia hotel for 31.5 mln Australian dlrs, some
seven mln stg above end-1986 book value.
    The results were largely in line with forecasts and Rugby
shares were little changed at 242p after 241 at Friday's close.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10790>
Oracle Systems Corp said it has
filed for an offering of 2,300,000 common shares, after
adjustment for a recent two-for-one stock split, including
800,000 to be sold by shareholders.
    The company said lead underwriters are Alex. Brown and Sons
Inc &lt;ABSB> and &lt;Donaldson, Lufkin and Jenrette Securities
Corp>.  The offering is expected to be made in early April,
with company proceeds used to repay all short-term debt, for
working capital and for possible acquisitions.
    Oracle said after the offering it will have about 28.5 mln
shares outstanding.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10805>
Sage Analytics International Inc
said its board has declared a three-for-two stock split,
payable June 22 to holders of record on June Eight.
    The company also said it will redeem warrants till
outstanding on June Two at 10 cts each.  Each two warrants
allow the purchase of one common share at six dlrs through June
One.  There are presently 800,000 warrants outstanding.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10817>
Clabir Corp said it has
determined all dividends paid on its Class A common in 1986 are
not taxable as dividend income.
    While this is a preliminary estimate, the company said, it
may be used by shareholders when preparing 1986 income tax
returns.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10822>
Lennar Corp chairman and president,
Leonard Miller, said the current backlog of orders and the
strong economy point to strong revenues and earnings for the
balance of fiscal 1987.
    He said the company's backlog of sales deposits on Feb 28
was 2,416, an increase of 976 units over the previous year.
    Lennar recorded net earnings for the first quarter 1987 of
4,403,000, or 51 cts per share, compared to 1,775,000, or 20
cts per share the prior first quarter. It recorded net earnings
of 12.5 mln dlrs, or 1.43 dlrs per share, for fiscal 1986.
    The company also said that at its April 29 annual meeting,
shareholders will vote on increasing the company's authorized
common stock to 45 mln shares from 15 mln. This will include 30
mln shares of common stock and 15 mln shares of class B common
stock, it added.
    Those shareholders who elect to convert their shares into
class B stock will be entitled to 10 votes per share while
other shareholders will retain one vote per share, Lennar said.
    The company said if this is approved, it intneds to pay
holders of Class B stock a quarterly cash dividend of five cts
per share and holders of the other common stock a quarterly
cash dividend of six cts per share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10826>
Walbro Corp said it expects
its first-quarter results to reach "all-time highs."
    It projected sales exceeding 32 mln dlrs, or up 21 pct from
the 26,488,000 dlrs reported for the 1986 first quarter. It
said the previous high for a single quarter was 27,179,000 dlrs
for the 1986 fourth quarter.
    Walbro estimated income for the quarter will exceed
first-quarter 1986 income, which was 1,953,000 dlrs, or 66 cts
a share, by at least 40 pct. It said the first quarter of 1986
had been the previous income record for a single quarter.
    Walbro cited strong demand for its fuel systems products,
especially automotive electronic fuel injection components and
carburetors for lawn and garden applications.
    However, it said it is unlikely the company will sustain
the same record pace of sales and income throughout 1987, due
to an expected reduction in throttle body sales.
    "It now appears likely that the company's throttle body
business with General Motors Corp &lt;GM> will peak in the first
six months of 1987, continue at reduced levels to July 1988 and
suffer an interruption for the period from July 1988 to July
1989," Walbro added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10832>
Metromail Corp said it expects
earnings for the year to be about flat due to higher expenses
caused by an expansion of data processing capabilities and
startup costs associated with new cooperative programs that
will continue into the fourth quarter.
    The company today reported earnings for the nine months
ended March One of 7,214,900 dlrs, down from 7,752,800 dlrs a
year before.  For all of last year it earned 10.9 mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10833>
Regency Cruises Inc said its earnings
per share for the year 1986 were 36 cts per share, not the 37
cts it reported on March 11.
    The company lost 10 cts per share in 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10839>
Shr profit 80 cts vs loss 1.60 dlrs
    Net profit 1,673,960 vs loss 3,292,663
    NOTE: 1986 net includes gain on bond portfolio of 1,160,000
dlrs and 5,600,000 dlr provision for losses on discontinued
liability and multi-peril lines of reinsurance.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10840>
Shr loss 36 cts vs loss 36 cts
    Net loss 20.1 mln vs loss 12.6 mln
    Revs 12.5 mln vs 24.9 mln
    Avg shrs 55.8 mln vs 34.7 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 1.11 dlrs vs loss 1.05 dlrs
    Net loss 50.8 ln vs loss 31.9 mln
    Revs 63.7 mln vs 106.9 mln
    Avg shrs 45.8 mln vs 30.2 mln
    NOTE: Net includes extraordinary gains of 247,0000 dlrs vs
nil in quarter and 809,000 dlrs vs 425,000 dlrs in year.
    1985 year net includes 6,700,000 dlr credit for previous
overpayments of windfall profits taxes.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10841>
Scientific Micro Systems
Inc said it expects first quarter revenues to rise by about 60
pct to 24 mln dlrs, compared with the 15 mln reported for the
first quarter last year.
    The company said it experienced revenue growth across all
product lines during the quarter.
    It also said revenue growth should continue during the year
and the company should experience improved profitability in the
second half when acquisition and new product introduction costs
will not have a significant impact on earnings.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10847>
Texas International Inc said it
has received an unqualified audit opinion from auditor Arthur
Andersen and Co.
    The company had received a qualified opinion on 1985
financial statements subject to its ability to resolve
negotiations with its U.S. bank group.  Subsequently, it sold
almost all its domestic oil and natural gas properties and
retired all U.S. bank debt in March 1987 with part of the
proceeds.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10851>
Shr 10 cts vs 29 cts
    Net 584,000 vs 1,688,000
    Sales 19.8 mln vs 16.9 mln
    Avg shrs 5,959,000 vs 5,762,000
    Year
    Shr 68 cts vs 96 cts
    Net 4,013,000 vs 5,430,000
    Sales 68.1 mln vs 61.3 mln
    Avg shrs 5,934,000 vs 5,679,000
    Backlog 67.9 mln vs 60.6 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10853>
Shr 12 cts vs 12 cts
    Net 337,000 vs 235,000
    Revs 3,350,000 vs 1,642,000
    Avg shrs 2,935,734 vs 2,000,000
    Year
    Shr 69 cts vs 56 cts
    Net 1,815,000 vs 1,112,000
    Revs 12.1 mln vs 7,709,000
    Avg shrs 2,648,257 vs 2,000,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10855>
Oper shr 49 cts vs 22 cts
    Oper net 1,018,000 vs 468,000
    Sales 95.0 mln vs 98.3 mln
    NOTE: Net excludes tax credits of 284,000 dlrs vs 310,000
dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10856>
Shr loss 20 cts vs profit 24 cts
    Net loss 173,578 vs profit 211,324
    Revs 4,558,244 vs 5,595,644
    NOTE: Earnings per share restated retroactively for all
periods to reflect 20 pct stock dividend in April 1984 and 25
pct stock split September 1985.
    Revenues include progress receivables on long-term
contracts not billed to customers, and reflect the
proportionate elements of profit as revenues based on stage of
completion of long term contracts.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10870>
Shr loss 78 cts vs loss 18 cts
    Net loss 1,671,000 vs loss 382,000
    Revs 3,261,000 vs 4,427,000
    Year
    Shr loss 1.35 dlr vs loss 15 cts
    Net loss 2,902,000 vs loss 331,000
    Revs 13.5 mln vs 16.1 mln
    NOTE: 1986 and 1985 4th qtr net includes charges of 867,000
dlrs or 40 cts a share and 222,000 or 10 cts a share,
respectively.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10877>
Intelligent Systems Master
Limited Partnership said its board declared an initial
quarterly dividend of 25 cts per unit, payable April 10 to
holders of record March 31.
    The partnership, formed at year-end by the conversion of
Intelligent Systems Corp from corporate form, said its board
has approved in principle quarterly dividend of 15 to 25 cts
per quarter for calendar 1987.
    It said as part of its restructuring it may sell some of
its assets this year, with unitholders receiving either cash
from the sale or stock in the acquiring company.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10879>
Shr loss six cts vs profit two cts
    Net loss 463,473 vs profit 126,835
    Revs 3,506,066 vs 3,082,499
    Year
    Shr loss four cts vs profit three cts
    Net loss 323,214 vs profit 187,893
    Revs 13.8 mln vs 10.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10884>
Shr profit one ct vs loss two cts
    Net profit 27,000 vs loss 69,000
    Revs 295,000 vs 264,000
    Year
    Shr loss eight cts vs loss three cts
    Net loss 262,000 vs loss 88,000
    Revs 1,004,000 vs 1,248,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10885>
Shr 18 cts vs 17 cts
    Net 584,493 vs 540,977
    Revs 4,685,930 vs 4,524,315
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10891>
Shr 19 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 166,000 vs 118,000
    Rev 3.2 mln vs 2.5 mln
    Year
    Shr 34 cts vs 30 cts
    Net 303,000 vs 269,000
    Rev 10.8 mln vs 10.2 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10893>
Centronics Corp said its board
declared a dividend distribution of one preferred share
purchase right on each outstanding common share payable to
holders of record April 9.
    The rights, which will expire 10 years later, will entitle
shareholders to buy one-hundredth of a share of a new series of
preferred at an exercise price of 20 dlrs.
    The rights will be exercisable only if some one acquires 30
pct or more of Centronic's common or announces an offer which
would result in ownership of 30 pct or more of the stock.
    Centronics said its board will be entitled to redeem the
rights at two cts per right at any time before a 30 pct
position has been acquired.
    If the rights become exercisable, the company said, those
held by shareholders other than the owner of 30 pct or more of
the stock will entitle the holder to purchase a number of
common shares having a market value twice the right's exercise
price.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10894>
McClain Industries Inc
said its board declared a four-for-three stock split, payable
30, record April 15.
    The company also said it plans to open within the next 90
days a 114,000 square foot plant in Macon, Ga., that will allow
it to expand production of transfer trailers and other
products.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10897>
Shr 22 cts vs 16 cts
    Net 2,460,000 vs 1,730,000
    Sales 37.0 mln vs 27.3 mln
    NOTE: Share adjusted for two-for-one stock split in
February 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10904>
Dravo Corp said it expects a first
quarter loss of about 30 cts per share, compared with a
year-earlier profit of one ct, and said operating earnings for
all of 1987 may not match 1986's earnings of 61 cts per share
from continuing operations.
    Dravo saidperformance so far this year in its engineering
and construction segment has not met earlier expectations.
    It said the first quarter will be impacted by writedowns
resulting fromn revised estimates of costs required to complete
projects and by delays in starting work on jobs originally
forecasted to contribute to first quarter earnings.
    Dravo further said it has given the investor group buying
Dravo's river transportation, stevedoring and pipe frabrication
businesses additional time to structure the necessary
permanenty financing, and closing is now expected in the third
quarter.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10907>
Shr 97 cts vs 81 cts
    Net 60.8 mln vs 51.1 mln
    Revs 487.4 mln vs 529.7 mln
    12 mths
    Shr 3.42 dlrs vs 2.18 dlrs
    Net 215.0 mln vs 137.2 mln
    Revs 2.74 billion vs 2.88 billion
    NOTE: 1986 results restated for change in accounting.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10917>
Shr 25 cts vs 32 cts
    Net 2,414,500 vs 3,027,500
    Rev 26.2 mln vs 23.5 mln
    Nine months
    Shr 76 cts vs 82 cts
    Net 7,214,900 vs 7,752,800
    Rev 69.2 mln vs 64.9 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10919>
Oper shr profit nine cts vs loss 26 cts
    Oper net profit 313,000 vs loss 860,000
    Revs 18.8 mln vs 16.4 mln
    Year
    Oper shr profit 45 cts vs loss 47 cts
    Oper net profit 1,543,000 vs loss 1,582,000
    Revs 72.7 mln vs 61.4 mln
    Note: Current qtr and year figures exclude losses from
discontinued operations of 179,000 dlrs, or five cts per share
and 901,000 dlrs, or 27 cts per share, respectively.
    Prior qtr and year figures exclude losses from discontinued
operations of 600,000 dlrs, or 17 cts per share and 1.1 mln
dlrs, or 33 cts per share, respectively.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10921>
Shr 23 cts vs 14 cts
    Net 439,100 vs 259,948
    Revs 9,918,413 vs 9,683,392
    NOTE: Share adjusted for five pct stock dividend.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10922>
Computer Microfilm corp said it expects
revenues of over 12.5 mln dlrs and higher earnings in 1987.
    The company today reported 1986 earnings of 439,100 dlrs on
revenues of 9,918,413 dlrs, up from earnings of 259,948 dlrs
and revenues of 9,683,392 dlrs a year before.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10923>
Shr profit nil vs profit five cts
    Net profit 9,879 vs profit 118,852
    Revs 1,581,894 vs 1,878,052
    Avg shrs 2,627,952 vs 2,617,090
    Nine mths
    Shr loss two cts vs profit 24 cts
    Net loss 51,001 vs profit 619,860
    Revs 4,006,024 vs 6,646,587
    Avg shrs 2,532,959 vs 2,621,397
    NOTE: Nine mth orders 4,601,463 dlrs, up 39 pct, and
backlog at end of period 4,906,670 dlrs, up 83 pct from a year
before.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10924>
Shr 62 cts vs 19 cts
    Net 961,826 vs 226,429
    Sales 22.8 mln vs 16.1 mln
    Avg shrs 1,543,230 vs 1,172,039
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10925>
Shr loss 77 cts vs loss 1.49 dlrs
    Qtly div two cts vs two cts prior
    Net loss 3,860,000 vs loss 7,541,000
    Sales 2,538,000 vs 3,648,000
    Year
    Shr loss 78 cts vs loss 1.58 dlrs
    Net loss 3,935,000 vs loss 7,999,000
    Sales 10.5 mln vs 16.3 mln
    NOTE: Dividend pay April 24, record April 10.
    1986 net both periods includes pretax charge 2,944,000 dlrs
from writedown of assets and provision 726,000 dlrs for
obsolete and nonproductive inventory and other items.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10926>
Shr 1.05 dlrs vs 27 cts
    Net 4,193,000 vs 1,070,000
    Revs 9,377,000 vs 9,444,000
    NOTE: 1986 net includes gain two mln dlrs from reduction of
loss allowance on undeveloped land.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10943>
Shr loss 1.77 dlrs vs loss 10.47 dlrs
    Net loss 24.9 mln vs loss 123.1 mln
    Revs 123.1 mln vs 156.5 mln
    NOTE:1985 loss includes loss of 51.2 mln dlrs from
discontinued operations. 1986 loss includes gain of 6.8 mln
dlrs from discontinued operations.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10944>
Dow Chemical Co believes strong margins
for chemical products could result in record earnings this
year, Chairman Paul Oreffice said.
    "I'm hoping we will have the best year in our history
profit-wise," he told reporters following a speech at The
American Institute of Chemical Engineers meeting.
    "I believe the entire chemical industry is headed for a
record year, or close to it," Oreffice said.
    In 1986, Dow earned 741 mln dlrs an increase from 1985's 58
mln dlrs brought about by falling oil prices and resulting
cheaper feedstock costs.
    Oreffice also said Dow's profit margins on chemical
products would improve this year over last year.
    He said reduced capacity in the chemical industry and the
weakened U.S. dollar would also contribute to the company's
improved performance.
    Dow will spending about 650 mln dlrs on research and
development in 1987 with an emphasis on new specialty
chemicals, Oreffice said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10946>
Shr 22 cts vs 16 cts
    Net 2,460,000 vs 1,730,000
    Sales 37.0 mln vs 27.3 mln
    Per share figures adjusted for two-for-one stock split of
February 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10963>
Shr loss 67 cts vs profit 60 cts
    Net loss 1,398,000 vs profit 1,250,000
    Revs 8,834,000 vs 20.9 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 2.81 dlrs vs loss 15 cts
    Net loss 5,864,000 vs loss 310,000
    Revs 52.1 mln vs 82.7 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10964>
Shr profit 32 cts vs profit eight cts
    Net profit 936,000 vs profit 249,000
    Revs 348,000 vs 1,150,000
    Year
    Shr loss 2.15 dlrs vs loss 19 cts
    Net loss 6,095,000 vs loss 469,000
    Revs 1,554,000 vs 4,254,000
    NOTE: Results include credits of 556,000 and 1,141,000 for
the latest qtr and yr vs 112,000 and 656,000 for prior periods
from tax loss carryforwards.
    Results include after-tax gains of 567,000 for both 1986
periods vs loss of 45,000 for prior periods on disposal of
discontinued operations.
    Prior periods restated to reflect sale of discontinued
operations.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10966>
Shr profit 20 cts vs loss 33 cts
    Net profit 376,470 vs loss 1,555,469
    Revs 3,615,550 vs 2,896,000
    Year
    Shr profit 14 cts vs loss 66 cts
    Net profit 382,014 vs loss 1,128,160
    Revs 11.2 mln vs 11.0 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10972>
Shr 31 cts vs 41 cts
    Net 436,981 vs 583,715
    Six months
    Shr 63 cts vs 82 cts
    Net 901,648 vs 1,160,178
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10973>
Oper shr loss two cts vs profit eight cts
    Oper net loss 77,000 vs profit 285,000
    Revs 3,781,000 vs 4,721,000
    Year
    Oper shr profit 23 cts vs profit 26 cts
    Oper net profit 904,00 vs profit 952,000
    Revs 19.0 mln vs 15.1 mln
    Note: Current qtr and year figures exclude losses from
discontinued operations of 303,000 dlrs, or seven cts per share
and 354,000 dlrs, or nine cts per share, respectively.
    Net earnings for first three months of 1986 restated to
reflect reduction of 148,000 dlrs resulting from increase in
effvective income tax rate.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10974>
Oper shr seven cts vs four cts
    Oper net 159,000 vs 94,000
    Sales 4,528,000 vs 3,683,000
    Avg shrs 2,376,000 vs 2,189,000
    Year
    Oper shr 19 cts vs 15 cts
    Oper net 435,000 vs 339,000
    Sales 15.7 mln vs 14.4 mln
    NOTE: Net excludes tax credits of 17,000 dlrs vs 39,000
dlrs in quarter and 268,000 dlrs vs 294,000 dlrs in year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10980>
Oper shr 49 cts vs 47 cts
    Oper net 1,475,000 vs 1,474,000
    Revs 85.8 mln vs 90.6 mln
    Note: Current shr and net exclude extraordinary loss of
3,413,000 dlrs or 1.13 dlrs shares, versus extraordinary loss
of 63,000 dlrs or two cts share in prior year
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10983>
Shr loss 11 cts vs profit six cts
    Net loss 515,000 vs profit 294,000
    Sales 62.8 mln vs 65.4 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10999>
Oper shr profit eight cts vs loss 20 cts
    Oper net profit 1,115,000 vs loss 2,729,000
    Revs 83.0 mln vs 37.9 mln
    Note: Current year figures exclude operating loss
carryforward gain of 888,000 dlrs and loss from discontinued
operations of 73,000 dlrs.
    Prior year figures exclude loss from discontinued
operations of 3.9 mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11015>
Newmont Mining Corp's board has
proposed a two-for-one stock split subject to shareholder
approval of an increase to 120 mln from 60 mln in authorized
common shares, the proxy for the company's annual meeting said.
    If holdings voting at the May six meeting in Wilmington,
Del., approve the increase in authorized shares the split will
be paid in the form of a stock dividend on June 10 to holders
of record May 20, the proxy said.
    Newmont said it will also ask shareholders to approve
amendments to its certificate of incorporation limiting certain
liabilities of its directors.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11018>
Shr loss one ct vs loss one ct
    Net loss 483,518 vs loss 220,582
    Sales 381,841 vs 400,518
    NOTE: 1985 net includes 196,868 dlr gain from forgiveness o
accrued interest due to affiliates.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11019>
Shr loss six cts vs profit 22 cts
    Net loss 133,119 vs profit 496,391
    Revs 136,918 vs 737,917
    Nine mths
    Shr loss 21 cts vs profit 15 cts
    Net loss 478,991 vs profit 340,210
    Revs 324,011 vs 841,908
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11027>
PrimeBank Federal Savings
Bank said its board declared a 10 pct stock dividend to be
distributed about April 15 to holders or record March 31.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11028>
Shr profit 23 cts vs loss six cts
    Net profit 319,564 vs loss 84,203
    Sales 6,419,230 vs 5,583,560
    Year
    Shr profit 1.11 dlrs vs profit 43 cts
    Net profit 1,582,125 vs profit 654,083
    Sales 26.2 mln vs 22.6 mln
    NOTE: Full year 1985 includes gains of two cts per share
from discontinued operations and four cts per share from
disposal of assets.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11031>
Oper shr loss 12 cts vs loss 10 cts
    Oper net loss 474,270 vs loss 369,848
    Revs 202,500 vs 111,210
    Avg shrs 3,904,373 vs 3,495,579
    Year
    Oper shr loss 28 cts vs loss 46 cts
    Oper net loss 1,069,550 vs loss 893,612
    Revs 408,031 vs 438,933
    Avg shrs 3,785,607 vs 1,944,627
    NOTE: Full name is North American Group Ltd
    Earnings exclude losses on reorganization expenses of
33,453 dlrs, or one ct a share vs 59,520 dlrs, or two cts a sh
are in the quarter and losses of 237,859 dlrs, or six cts a
share vs 413,444 dlrs, or 21 cts a share for the year
    Earnings exclude gains on discontinued operations of
147,671, or four cts a share in the 1985 quarter and gains of
760,603 dlrs, or 20 cts a share vs 520,200 dlrs, or 27 cts a
share for the year
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11034>
Oper shr loss 6.68 dlrs vs loss 9.95 dlrs
    Oper net loss 53.9 mln vs loss 69.8 mln
    Revs 16.5 mln vs 33.2 mln
    Avg shrs 8,329,492 vs 7,271,668
    NOTE: 1986 excludes loss 12.9 mln for discontinued
compressor operations vs loss 14.9 mln year prior.
    1986 excludes gain of 98.7 mln for extinguishment of debt
from company's chapter 11 filing and subsequent reorganization.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11035>
&lt;Teeco Properties L.P.> said the
partnership recorded income from operations for 1986 of 140,000
dlrs, or two cts a unit.
    The partnerhsip said this compared to 1985 figures of
660,000 dlrs, or 10 cts a unit.
    Results of operations between both years is not comparable
since the partnership's principle objective is to sell or
dispose of its assets and distribute proceeds to unit holders,
according to the partnership.
    It said the number of units outstanding for both years is
6,479,516.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11036>
Shr loss nine cts vs profit 20 cts
    Net loss 257,157 vs profit 414,890
    Year
    Shr profit 54 cts vs profit 1.05 dlrs
    Net profit 1,295,104 vs profit 2,140,673
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11046>
Shr profit four cts vs loss six cts
    Net profit 967,000 vs loss 1,219,000
    Revs 10.1 mln vs 4.5 mln
    Year
    Shr profit three cts vs loss five cts
    Net profit 688,000 vs 982,000
    Revs 24.6 mln vs 16.3 mln
    NOTE: 1986 includes results of Louisiana Energy and
Development Corp acquired in November 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11047>
Shr 66 cts vs 33 cts
    Net 2,955,000 vs 1,563,000
    Revs 26.1 mln vs 23.9 mln
    12 mths
    Shr 74 cts vs 1.01 dlrs
    Net 3,321,000 vs 4,739,000
    Revs 108.4 mln vs 104.9 mln
    NOTE: year 1987 includes charge of 818,000 dlrs, or 18 cts
per share, for sale of Elisra Electronic Systems Ltd.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11049>
Metromail Corp said it expects
flat operating profits for its 1987 fiscal year ending May 31
with last fiscal year's earnings from operations of 9,943,000
dlrs, or 1.05 dlrs a share.
    The company said the flat results will be due to higher
than normal expenditures during the fourth quarter for
expansion of its data processing capabilities.
    Earlier, Metromail reported fiscal 1987 third quarter
earnings of 2.4 mln dlrs, or 25 cts a share, versus three mln
dlrs, or 32 cts a share, the prior third quarter, and nine
months net of 7.2 mln dlrs, or 76 cts a share, versus 7.8 mln
dlrs, or 82 cts a share the prior nine months.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11057>
Shr 24 cts vs 24 cts prior qtr
    Pay May 15
    Record April 24
            
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11058>
Shr loss three cts vs profit eight cts
    Net loss 35,000 vs profit 128,000
    Revs 1,133,000 vs 1,528,000
    Year
    Shr profit four cts vs profit 21 cts
    Net profit 72,000 vs profit 339,000
    Revs 4,837,000 vs 4,500,000
    NOTE: 1985 net income included an after tax gain of 195,000
or 12 cts per share on sale of real property.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11060>
Shr 35 cts vs 29 cts
    Qtly div 12 cts vs 12 cts prior qtr
    Net 5,036,000 vs 4,165,000
    Revs 147.6 mln vs 132.4 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.12 dlrs vs one dlr
    Net 16.1 mln vs 14.4 mln
    Revs 433.4 mln vs 385 mln
    NOTE: Per share data reflect March 1986 five pct stock
distribution. Cash dividend is payable April 30 to holders of
record April 15.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11087>
LL and E Royalty Trust said its monthly
dividend, for January, to unitholders will be 8.37 cts per unit
payable April 15 to holders of record April six.
    As previously reported, pending a ruling from the Internal
Revenues Service, the trust's distribution may be reduced by
1.09 dlr per unit, plus interest, spread out over the life of
the productive properties in which the trust has an interest.
    LLE said the working interest owner, to which the IRS sent
a notice about a deficiency in the owner's 1983 tax return, is
evaluating the necessity of escrowing some funds, which would
significantly reduce royalties paid to the trust.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11090>
Imperial Bancorp said it declared a
five pct stock dividend, payable May 29 to shareholders of
record April 17.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11098>
Qtrly div eight cts vs eight cts prior
    Pay April 30
    Record April 8
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11105>
Inland Vacuum Inc said is
board proposed a two-for-one stock split payable to
shareholders of record April 30.
    The board also elected Phillip Frost chairman, succeeding
John Durkin, who remains president and chief executive officer.
Frost in early February bought 49 pct of the company, Durkin
said.
    Stockholders at the annual meeting approved a measure to
change the company's name to IVACO Industries Inc. Five new
directors were also elected to the company's board. Durkin was
re-elected to the board, the company said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11106>
Shr loss three cts vs loss 39 cts
    Net loss 115,000 vs loss 1,544,000
    Rev 6.9 mln vs 7.3 mln
    Six months
    Shr profit four cts vs loss 44 cts
    Net profit 141,000 vs loss 1,772,000
    Rev 13.9 mln vs 14.5 mln
    NOTE: Net includes loss from discontinued operations of
78,000 dlrs, or two cts a share, versus 597,000, or 15 cts a
share in the prior 2nd qtr.
    Six months net includes gain from discontinued operations
of 104,000 dlrs, or three cts a share, versus a loss of 588,000
dlrs, or 15 cts a share, in the prior six months.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11109>
Oper shr loss 44 cts vs profit 58 cts
    Oper net loss 2.7 mln vs profit four mln
    Revs 13.3 mln vs 28.4 mln
    Avg shrs 6.1 mln vs seven mln
    NOTE: Prior year excludes extraordinary gain of 21 cts per
share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11111>
Shr 13 cts vs 5 cts
    Net 5,568,319 vs 2,968,437
    Rev 36.5 mln vs 34.0 mln
    12 months
    Shr 1.60 dlrs vs 1.79 dlrs
    Net 72,865,101 vs 85,198,853
    Rev 521.3 mln vs 420.3 mln
    NOTE: Twelve months includes the cumulative effect of a
change in accounting methods for accruing unbilled revenues of
11.4 mln dlrs, or 28 cts per share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11112>
Shr 13 cts vs 14 cts
    Net 1,329,000 vs 1,054,000
    Revs 20.7 mln vs 11.4 mln
    Avg shrs 10,100,000 vs 7,500,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11115>
Shr 80 cts vs 79 cts
    Net 4,212,000 vs 4,142,000
    Sales 111.1 mln vs 107.1 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11123>
Canada's major banks will likely face
stiff pressure to declare their Brazilian loans non-performing
if, as expected, major U.S. banks take similar action after the
end of their first quarter tomorrow, analysts said.
    American bankers said last week that slow progress in debt
talks with Brazil increased the likelihood that U.S. banks
would soon declare their Brazilian loans non-performing.
    Such action "would put a lot of pressure on the Canadian
banks to do the same," Levesque, Beaubien Inc Toronto-based bank
analyst Donna Pulcine told Reuters.
    "They (banks) like to appear to be conservative," said
Pulcine, "and if a major bank puts loans on a non-performing
basis and the Canadian banks don't, there is going to be a lot
of pressure from shareholders as to why one bank is considering
the loans non-performing and another bank is not."
    Wood Gundy Inc bank analyst Patricia Meredith said any
willingness by a major Brazilian bank creditor such as Citicorp
&lt;CCI> to declare its Brazilian loans non-performing rather than
let Brazil dictate settlement terms would provide a compelling
example for other creditor banks.
    "In order to make that strategy work, they (Citicorp) have
to have the support of the other banks," said Meredith.
    Bank analyst Michael Walsh at First Marathon Securities Ltd
said at least one Canadian bank, which he declined to identify,
"wants to put (the Brazilian loans) on a non-performing basis
and is trying to encourage the others to take that position."
    Canadian banks are owed about seven billion Canadian dlrs
by Brazil, which late last month suspended interest payments on
its 68 billion U.S. dlr foreign bank debt.
    Banks in Canada, although allowed to wait up to 180 days
before declaring loans on which they are receiving no interest
as non-performing, usually move on such loans within 90 days.
They could therefore delay action on the Brazilian loans until
late May, which falls in Canadian banks' third quarter ending
July 31.
    &lt;Bank of Montreal>, Brazil's largest Canadian bank
creditor, said last week it was not currently considering
declaring its 1.98 billion dlrs of Brazilian loans as
non-performing.
    "I think that is just for the benefit of the public," Walsh
said of Bank of Montreal's statement. 
    Some analysts predicted minimal earnings impact on Canadian
banks from a move to declare the Brazilian loans
non-performing.
    They said Brazil would likely resume interest payments by
the banks' fiscal year-end on October 31, thus allowing banks
to recoup their lost interest income.
    "From what Brazil has said, it is quite likely the banks
will get the money," said Meredith. "My outlook at this point is
optimistic that there will be no adjustment for the full-year's
earnings."
    Meredith forecast 1987 fully diluted per share earnings of
3.80 dlrs for &lt;Royal Bank of Canada> compared with 3.74 in
1986; 4.30 dlrs for &lt;Bank of Montreal> compared with 3.59; 2.25
dlrs for &lt;Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce> compared with
2.23;  2.15 dlrs for &lt;Bank of Nova Scotia> compared with 1.94,
and 2.85 dlrs for &lt;Toronto Dominion Bank> against 2.74.
    She forecast 1.90 dlrs for &lt;National Bank of Canada>
against 3.30 dlrs before a two for one stock split.
    Analyst Pulcine said she might lower full-year earnings
estimates for the banks by between two cts and 10 cts a share,
assuming a possible settlement reduced Brazil's interest costs.
    "If the banks didn't receive anything for the rest of the
fiscal year, the impact could range from 16 cts to 70 cts a
share. But I don't see that as a likely scenario," Pulcine said.
    Walsh at First Marathon suggested, however, that the
Brazilian debt situation was so complex that "it could drag on
beyond one full fiscal year."
    He said he foresaw having to lower his 1987 fiscal earnings
forecasts for the banks. He estimated that Brazil's yearly
interest payments to Canadian banks totaled about 575 mln dlrs
or about 10 pct of their total 1986 pre-tax earnings.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11124>
The Venezuela Guayana Corporation, CVG,
which oversees the state steel, iron, aluminum and other
industries, will invest 75 billion bolivars in new projects
during 1987-89, CVG president Leopoldo Sucre Figarella
announced.
    The investments will go to plant expansion, infrastructure
and the extension of hydroelectric facilities in the
mineral-rich Guayana region, south of the Orinoco river.
    Sucre Figarella told a news conference the CVG's 12
companies showed an overall increase of 120 pct in profits,
which rose from 1.732 billion bolivars in 1985 to 3.926 billion
bolivars last year.
    Among the best performers was steel company Sidor which
earned 1.019 billion bolivars, the first time since 1978 Sidor
turned a profit.
    The gain was made possible in part by the refinancing of
1.619 mln dollars of foreign debt.
    CVG's three aluminum companies also showed substantial
gains. Interalumina, which makes the intermediate material
alumina, had an increase in profits from 116 to 217 mln
bolivars, Alcasa earned 487 mln bolivars, as compared to 1985's
412 mln and Venalum's profits rose by around half, from 1.042
to 1.504 bln bolivars.
    Meanwhile, the state iron company Ferrominera saw its
profits rise from 156 mln bolivars in 1985 to 204 mln bolivars
last year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11128>
Shr loss 45 cts vs profit 25 cts
    Net loss 641,000 vs profit 352,000
    Revs 5,747,000 vs 3,038,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11132>
Shr loss five cts vs profit 36 cts
    Net loss 784,000 vs profit 4,793,000
    Revs 90 mln vs 79 mln
    Year
    Shr profit 27 cts vs profit 65 cts
    Net profit 4,010,000 vs profit 8,539,000
    Revs 273 mln vs 214 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11145>
Shr profit 17 cts vs loss three cts
    Net profit 14,918,000 vs loss 2,732,000
    Revs 74.8 mln vs 54.7 mln
    YEAR
    Shr profit 80 cts vs profit 15 cts
    Net profit 71.6 mln vs profit 12.2 mln
    Revs 293.4 mln vs 222.8 mln
    Note: 1986 fl-yr net includes extraordinary gain of 56.3
mln dlrs from investment sales, gain on share issue by 57
pct-owned Campbell Red Lake Mines Ltd &lt;CRK> and provision for
decline in value of marketable securities. 1985 fl-yr net
includes gain of 10.1 mln dlrs.
    1985 revs restated to exclude revenues from discontinued
coal mining operations.
    Under U.S. accounting practises, Dome Mines would have
reported 1986 loss of 192.9 mln dlrs or 2.17 dlrs shr vs yr-ago
loss of 24.9 mln dlrs or 32 cts shr, reflecting different
principles in accounting for 22 pct stake in Dome Petroleum Ltd
&lt;DMP> and 1986 oil and gas writedown.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11153>
Qtr ended Nov 30
    Shr loss nil vs profit nil
    Net loss 1,321,940 vs profit 128,164
    Revs 4,582,260 vs 5,115,456
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11154>
Qtly div eight cts vs eight cts prior
    Pay April 24
    Record April 10
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11156>
Imperial Corp of America said
it declared a 10 cts dividend and four pct stock dividend on
APril 25 to holders of record April 10.
    This is the first dividend payment since 1981, the company
said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11168>
Shr nil vs same
    Final and yr div nil vs same
    Pre-tax, pre-minorities loss 3.53 mln dlrs vs profit 17.40
mln.
    Net attributable loss 17.14 mln dlrs vs loss 8.73 mln
    Sales 220.84 mln vs 173.50 mln
    Other income 17.77 mln vs 12.02 mln
    Shrs 666.67 mln vs same.
    NOTE - Attributable net loss is after tax 10.04 mln dlrs vs
18.59 mln, interest 82.36 mln vs 65.94 mln, depreciation 64.77
mln vs 35.74 mln and minorities 3.57 mln vs 7.55 mln but before
net extraordinary loss 1.22 mln vs loss 3.91 mln.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11171>
Woodside Petroleum Ltd &lt;WPLA.S> said
its 1986 net loss largely reflected the drop in oil prices
combined with a large tax provision.
    Woodside earlier reported attributable net loss rose to
17.14 mln dlrs in 1986 from 8.73 mln in 1985, although group
revenue rose to 220.84 mln from 173.50 mln.
    It said it should have received a 1.7 mln dlr tax credit
but instead made a 10.04 mln dlr tax provision. This largely
related to its &lt;Vamgas Ltd> unit, non-allowable exchange losses
and tax benefits from the North-West Shelf project not
recognised in the accounts.
    Woodside said the rise in revenue largely reflected full
year sales of gas and condensate from the domestic phase of the
Shelf project, against six month sales in 1985.
    Offsetting this was a 23 pct fall in the Cooper Basin gas
and liquids revenue of its 50.6 pct-owned Vamgas unit.
    Since the balance date Woodside has accepted a Santos Ltd
&lt;STOS.S> takeover offer for Vamgas.
    Woodside said a 92.8 mln dlr capital profit on the sale
would be included in the 1987 accounts.
    It said it lifted capital spending on fixed assets to 269.6
mln dlrs from 178.3 mln, mostly on the Shelf project.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11181>
Commerzbank AG &lt;CBKG.F> said a
dividend of nine marks would be proposed for ordinary
shareholders on 1986 earnings after eight in 1985.
    It added in a statement that parent net profit rose to
288.2 mln marks in 1986 from 221.7 mln the prior year.
    A Commerzbank spokesman noted the figures were,however,
preliminary and required approval of the bank's supervisory
board which meets today.
    The Commerzbank statement added the distributable profit
last year rose to 228.2 mln marks from 161.7 mln in 1985.
    With inclusion of the corporate tax allowance, qualifying
domestic shareholders would receive an effective dividend of
14.06 marks per share.
    Total dividend payout would rise to 186.8 mln marks from
142.0 mln on 1985 earnings due to the increase in the dividend
and in equity capital, it added.
    From the parent net profit, 60 mln marks would be placed in
published reserves, unchanged from the two prior years.
    The shareholders' meeting take place on May 22 in Hamburg.
    The statement said holders of Commerzbank participation
certificates in a total nominal value of 425 mln marks would
receive the remaining 41.4 mln marks of the distributable
profit. Aside from the basic payment of 8.25 pct of nominal
value, certificate holders would receive an additional 1.5 pct.
    The management board of the bank would also propose two
capital measures to shareholders in order to be able to react
quickly to new challenges.
    It would ask for authorised capital of a nominal 200 mln
marks for the issue of new shares and for 300 mln for the issue
of warrant bonds, both for the period until April 30, 1992.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11196>
Hutchison Whampoa Ltd &lt;HWHH.H>
announced a bonus issue of one new "B" share of 2.5 H.K. Cents
each for every two existing ordinary shares of 25 cents a share
par value.
    A company statement said Hutchison forecast 1987 dividends
for existing shares of not less than 32.5 cents a share and not
less than 3.25 cents for each "B" share.
    Hutchison said the new issue will help increase flexibility
when it is planning future expansion moves or making
acquisitions without affecting the existing control structure
of the group.
    "The move will provide long term stability to ensure
continuity of overall control of the Hutchison group in that it
provides Hutchison with a stable framework within which
management, development and the planned growth of the group's
businesses can take place," it added.
    Hutchison shares lost one dlr to end at 53 dlrs each today.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11205>
Dutch chemicals group
Akzo NV &lt;AKZO.AS> said in its annual report it had revised its
1986 net profit figure up to 842 mln guilders from a
provisional 840 mln guilders announced in January.
    The turnover figure was unchanged at 15.62 billion
guilders.
    Akzo said it would be difficult to maintain this profit
level in 1987 but it expected positive developments "in the
longer term."
    Profits in 1985 totalled 843 mln guilders on a turnover of
18.01 billion.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11211>
Nippon Columbia Co Ltd &lt;NCOL.T> will make
a one-for-20 bonus stock issue on July 14 to pay back remaining
premiums accumulated by 4.5 mln shares issued at market price
through public placement in September 1980, a spokesman said.
    The bonus issue will bring its outstanding capital shares
to 65.02 mln from 61.92 mln as at March 31 1987. It is open to
shareholders registered on May 31.
    Nippon Columbia's share price fell 20 to 1,260 yen on the
Tokyo Stock Exchange today.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11220>
Shr 53.05p vs 45.79p adjusted
    Div 8.7p making 14p vs 12p adjusted
    Pretax profit 78.84 mln stg vs 60.31 mln
    Net after tax 50.71 mln vs 40.54 mln
    Extraordinary credit after tax 43.19 mln vs nil
    Note - The extraordinary credit represents substantitally
the after tax profit on sale of company's interest in M and G
Group Plc. After providing for the final dividend, retained
earnings were 80.07 mln vs 29.90 mln in 1985.
    Merchant and investment banking 81.47 mln vs 63.22 mln
    Bullion broking 4.75 mln vs 3.02 mln
    U.S. Government security dealing 2.94 mln vs loss 329,000
    Investment management and unit trusts 10.62 mln vs 7.88 mln
    Other activities loss 3.12 mln vs profit 1.42  mln
    Interest on loan capital 17.82 mln vs 14.90 mln.
    Disclosed shareholders funds 365 mln vs 286 mln
    Disclosed capital resources available 626 mln vs 467 mln.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11221>
Dividend 24 francs vs 30
    Consolidated net profit 115.7 mln francs vs 108.3 mln of
which attributable to group 110.8 mln vs 102.5 mln
    Consolidated net turnover 11.16 billion francs vs 11.42
billion
    Parent company net profit 115.5 mln vs 95.0 mln
    Parent co net turnover 9.99 billion vs 9.91 billion
    Note - The electrical contracting company is 99.9 pct owned
by the state-run Compagnie Generale d'Electricite &lt;CGE>.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11227>
Year 1986
    Div 7.0p vs 12.2p
    Shr 9.6p vs 31.3p
    Pretax profit 4.4 mln stg vs 118.0 mln
    Net 17.6 mln vs 37.7 mln
    Total turnover 183.8 mln vs 348.0
    Amortisation 71.4 mln vs 86.3
    Traded oil purchases 41.2 mln vs 44.5 mln Administration
expenses 6.2 mln vs 8.0 mln
    Net interest payable 6.4 mln vs 4.8 mln
    Related company's credit 6.1 mln vs nil
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11232>
London and Scottish Marine Oil Plc
(Lasmo) &lt;LASL.L> will have an advantage when oil prices rise
again and it is confident this will happen early in the next
decade, the company said in a statement accompanying results.
    Lasmo said its advantage comes from its reserves of oil and
gas which at the end of 1986 stood at 210 mln barrels of oil
equivalent, a group record. Reserves have increased every year
since 1983 at a compounded rate of 10 pct a year.
    The company reported a 1986 pretax profit of 4.4 mln stg,
down from 118 mln in 1985.
    It said falling oil prices caused the downturn.
    The company said it reacted swiftly to the sharp drop in
oil prices which began over a year ago. Capital expenditure,
which had been budgeted at over 150 mln stg, was cut to 51 mln
stg net of disposals. Managers responded well to the demand for
lower operating costs and this has been achieved worldwide.
    The company said had very few exploration wells committed
for 1987 and therefore retains maximum flexibility in its
exploration program. Even without further success, the existing
fields and recent discoveries will contribute significantly to
profit and cash flow for some years to come, it said.
    Lasmo shares were down 2p at 251 after the announcement.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11241>
Group shr 4.91 yen vs 6.59
    Net 7.72 billion vs 10.38 billion
    Current 16.81 billion vs 20.84 billion
    Operating 45.56 billion vs 52.02 billion
    Sales 734.50 billion vs 996.15 billion
    NOTE - Company forecast for current year is group net 14
billion, current 30 billion and sales 740 billion based on
rationalisation efforts and expected market price increases in
agricultural chemicals and petrochemical products following the
recovery in world oil prices.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11243>
Mannesmann AG &lt;MMWG.F> expects a
difficult year for the capital goods industry in 1987, chief
executive Werner Dieter told a news conference.
    Dieter said West German producers would see a downturn in
foreign business because of lower energy prices and the higher
mark, as well as a deterioration of the economies of customer
nations.
    Domestic business was also declining and orders for West
German engineering goods have been falling since July 1986,
Dieter said.
    Mannesmann's profit fell by an undisclosed amount in 1986.
    Dieter said Mannesmann's pipe activities would suffer a
set- back, although measures to cut costs, which were started
last year, were now having an effect.
    Dieter noted, however, that pipes and related products
accounted for less than 30 pct of Mannesmann's turnover. The
company saw good chances in the automation sector, which Dieter
said had become one of Mannesmann's "strategic aims."
    He said the company's drive to combine activities in
mechanical and electronic engineering was a particular "plus
point" for Mannesmann.
    Mannesmann, which yesterday announced it had agreed to take
a majority stake in the Fichtel und Sachs AG car parts group
for an undisclosed sum, saw third party group turnover fall
nine pct in 1986 to 16.60 billion marks. Its world group net
profit in 1985 was 255.9 mln marks.
    It has blamed the fall in 1986 profits on the weaker dollar
and lack of demand for steel pipe.
    Dieter said there were signs that prices for steel pipe
were bottoming out and would slowly start to rise, but he added
the company would continue to cut personnel in this sector this
year.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11249>
&lt;British Caledonian Group>, Britain's
second largest airline, has announced a 19.3 mln stg pretax
loss for the financial year ending last October, compared with
a record pre-tax profit of 21.7 mln stg in 1985, chairman Sir
Adam Thomson told reporters.
    A decline in U.S. Transatlantic traffic following terrorist
attacks in Europe, the U.S. Bombing of the Libya, the Chernobyl
disaster and a slump in the oil industry which affected Middle
East traffic were the main causes of the loss, Thomson said.
    He said the poor results were caused by "a range of
exceptional circumstances wholly outside our direct control" and
predicted a return to profitability this year.
    Last year, the airline was forced to axe 1,000 jobs, sell
some of its assets and cut the number of its flights across the
Atlantic and to the Middle East following the fall in business
.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11270>
Esso Malaysia Bhd, a unit of Exxon
Corp of the U.S., Reported net profit of 70 mln ringgit from
its petroleum and ammonia operations in 1986 compared with 48.7
mln in 1985. Chairman Gerald F Cox said the improved
performance was mainly due to product prices falling more
slowly than crude prices during the year.
    He added that total sales volume increased as a result of
higher offtake by affiliated companies, while inland market
sales were maintained at around the previous year's levels.
    But growth prospects in 1987 remained weak and 1986 results
are unlikely to be repeated in the current financial year.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11272>
Jewelmasters Inc said it expects to
report net income for the year ended January 31 20 to 25 pct
below analysts' estimates of 1,750,000 dlrs or 95 cts per share.
    Jewelmasters sales sales for the year just ended were about
52.5 mln dlrs. In the prior year it earned 1,650,000 dlrs on
sales of 45.1 mln dlrs.
    Jewelmasters said net income for the year was hurt by
disappointing sales in December and January, a high level of
advertising spending in the fourth quarter, higher than
expected opening expenses for 34 additional units and an
adjustment to inventory associated with a shift to a more
comprehensive inventory system.
    Jewelmasters said it expects to report audited results for
the fourth quarter and year in about three weeks.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11282>
J.C. Penney Co Inc said its board
declared a two-for-one stock split and raised the quarterly
dividend 12 cts per share on a presplit basis to 74 cts.
    Both are payable May One to holders of record April 10.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11283>
Shr 31 cts vs 28 cts
    Net 11.9 mln vs 10.9 mln
    Revs 167.2 mln vs 154.0 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11300>
Shr loss 11 cts vs loss eight cts
    Net loss 500,000 vs loss 500,000
    Sales 47.4 mln vs 37.5 mln
    Year
    Shr profit 70 cts vs profit 89 cts
    Net profit 4.4 mln vs profit 5.3 mln
    Sales 195.5 mln vs 148.3 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11301>
Year
    Oper shr 1.23 dlrs vs 1.85 dlrs
    Oper shr diluted 1.23 dlrs vs 1.79 dlrs
    Oper net 6,799,000 vs 9,321,000
    Revs 7,474,000 vs 12.4 mln
    Avg shrs 4,503,000 vs 4,350,000
    Avg shrs diluted 4,508,000 vs 5,206,000
    NOTE: Net excludes gains from discontinued operations of
386,000 dlrs vs 903,000 dlrs.
    1986 year net excludes gain 1,910,000 dlrs from sale of
discontinued operations.
    Net includes tax credits of 9,450,000 dlrs vs 11.9 mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11302>
Opoer shr profit 17 cts vs loss 96 cts
    Oper net profit 2,293,000 vs loss 7,110,000
    Sales 116.0 mln vs 108.3 mln
    Year
    Oper shr loss 2.03 dlrs vs loss 2.12 dlrs
    Oper net loss 13.8 mln vs loss 11.6 mln
    Sales 454.0 mln vs 446.4 mln
    NOTE: Net excludes gains from discontinued operations of
10.2 mln dlrs vs 1,985,000 dlrs in quarter and 4,262,000 dlrs
vs 1,320,000 dlrs in year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11305>
Shr loss nil vs profit nil
    Net loss 90,656 vs profit 892
    Revs 2,194,242 vs 2,481,784
    Avg shrs 19.5 mln vs 16.1 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr profit nil vs loss one ct
    Net profit 42,824 vs loss 149,150
    Revs 6,364,992 vs 6,503,811
    Avg shrs 19.5 mln vs 16.1 mln
    NOTE: Net includes tax credits of 98,338 dlrs vs 81,492
dlrs in quartrer and 193,193 dlrs vs 226,560 dlrs in nine mths.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11306>
Shr loss 89 cts vs loss 17 cts
    Net loss 13.9 mln vs loss 1,996,000
    Revs 204,000 vs 2,087,000
    Note: 1986 includes writedown of 12.5 mln dlrs for the
costs of mineral properties and deferred exploration and
development Bullmoose Lake in the Northwest Territories.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11307>
Shr 17 cts vs 17 cts
    Net 777,000 vs 595,000
    Revs 12.9 mln vs 11.7 mln
    Year
    Shr 68 cts vs 48 cts
    Net 2,957,000 vs 1,614,000
    Revs 49.4 mln vs 38.6 mln
    Avg shrs 4,344,204 vs 3,337,284
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11308>
Shr loss 11 cts vs profit 12 cts
    Net loss 286,817 vs profit 292,014
    Revs 9,972,379 vs 9,413,304
    Year
    Shr profit 63 cts vs profit 57 cts
    Net profit 1,547,893 vs profit 1,481,703
    Revs 43.9 mln vs 41.0 mln
    Avg shrs 2,474,820 vs 2,617,768
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11317>
Shr loss 23 cts vs loss 11 cts
    Net loss 1,128,412 vs loss 548,054
    Sales 9,827,784 vs 12.1 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr loss 19 cts vs profit 11 cts
    Net loss 926,924 vs profit 527,004
    Sales 32.3 mln vs 37.5 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11320>
Oper shr 89 cts vs 1.31 dlrs
    Oper net 3,345,000 vs 4,885,000
    Sales 126.8 mln vs 120.1 mln
    Year
    Oper shr 1.67 dlrs vs 2.15 dlrs
    Oper net 6,299,000 vs 8,013,000
    Sales 380.9 mln vs 352.1 mln
    NOTE: Share adjusted for five pct stock dividend.
    Prior year net both periods excludes gain 1,998,000 dlrs
from reversion of overfunded pension plans.
    Year net includes pretax LIFO inventory charge 600,000 dlrs
vs credit 900,000 dlrs.*Tax rate 40.6 pct vs 32.0 pct due to
impact of Tax Reform Act of 1986.
    Bad debt writeoffs for year up one mln dlrs pretax from the
year before.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11333>
Shr losses not given
    Net loss 7,800,000 vs loss 5,400,000
    Sales 181.2 mln vs 182.0 mln
    Year
    Shr losses not given
    Net loss 17.8 mln vs loss 4,900,000
    Sales 566.3 mln vs 523.3 mln
    NOTE: Company operating in Chapter 11 bankruptcy.
    1986 year net includes four mln dlr LIFO charge and
3,400,000 dlr credit from pension plan termination.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11335>
Capitol Bancorp said it has sold its 80
pct interest in CAP Mortgage Co Inc for 3.1 mln dlrs, adding
this is expected to result in an after tax gain of about
900,000 dlrs to be reported in the first quarter.
    Capitol Bancorp said the CAP Mortgage interest was sold to
Michael M. Bronstein, president of CAP Mortgage, and Robert
Fox, president of Fox Properties Inc. Bronstein already held
the other 20 pct of CAP Mortgage's stock.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11336>
qtr ends Jan 31
    Shr nil vs nil
    Net 2,213 vs 16,288
    Revs 1,418,019 vs 795,522
    Avg shrs 6,650,000 vs 4,150,000
    Nine mths
    Shr two cts vs three cts
    Net 118,984 vs 103,384
    Revs 4,066,605 vs 2,741,241
    Avg shrs 6,650,000 vs 3,969,444
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11338>
Oper shr profit 18 cts vs loss 38 cts
    Oper net profit 577,000 vs loss 1,147,000
    Revs 16.3 mln vs 19.8 mln
    Avg shrs 3,227,625 vs 3,057,206
    NOTE: 1986 net excludes 485,000 dlr tax credit.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11340>
Shr loss 28 cts vs loss 29 cts
    Net loss 2,086,477 vs loss 1,466,907
    Revs 218,864 vs 60,000
    Avg shrs 7,510,781 vs 4,990,168
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11354>
Shr loss 53 cts vs loss 32 cts
    Net loss 1,548,000 vs loss 929,000
    Revs 9,362,000 vs 11.3 mln
    12 mths
    Shr loss 82 cts vs profit 17 cts
    Net loss 2,408,000 vs profit 452,000
    Revs 40.9 mln vs 39.5 mln
    NOTE: full name of company is Rocky Mount Undergarment Co
Inc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11358>
DYR Liquidating Corp,
formerly Dyneer Corp, said its board declared a third
liquidating dividend of one dlr per share payable to
shareholders of record on April 14 and said it will file a
certificate of dissolution on that date.
    The company said shareholders of record on that date will
acquire beneficial interests in the liquidating trust that will
be formed to hold all of the company's assets.
    It said it has asked the American Stock Exchange to suspend
trading in its common stock at the close on April 6 to ensure
settlement of all traded by April 14.
    DYR said it expects its stock to be withdrawn from
registration under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 shortly
after April 14.
    DYR said the pay date for the dividend will be April 28.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11359>
Shr 1.24 dlrs vs 19 cts
    Shr diluted 1.11 dlrs vs 19 cts
    Net 11.9 mln vs 1,830,000
    Revs 79.3 mln vs 46.1 mln
    NOTE: 1986 net includes pretax charge 8,300,000 dlrs from
increases and reserves and writeoffs of low-yielding assets and
pretax gain 20.8 mln dlrs from sale of Multi-Family subsidiary.
 Another 3,800,000 dlrs of gain from the Multi-Family sale will
be recognized in 1987 if Multi-Family meets targeted operating
results.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11370>
CRI Insured Mortgage Investments
II Inc said it expects to distribute about 1.55 to 1.65 dlrs
per share from operations for all of 1987 and about 1.68 to
1.75 dlrs including the proceeds of the gain from the sale of
the Brighton Meadows mortgage through January 31.
    The company today paid a dividend of 1.1646 dlrs per share.
 Its first two quarterly payments, in September and December,
were 42.5 cts each.
    CRI said it has not yet declared a distribution on the Park
Meadows loan disposition.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11377>
Shr 19 cts
    Net 653,000
    Revs 45.6 mln
    Note: Prior results not given due to November, 1986
acquisition of 56 pct stake in Continuous Colour Coat Ltd
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11381>
Sun City Industries Inc said preliminary
unaudited results of ongoing operations for the fiscal year
ended January 31, 1987 are expected to rise over 580 pct to
700,000 dlrs or 70 cts per share from the 125,313 dlrs or 12
cts reported last year.
    Total net income is expected to reach 2.4 mln dlrs, which
includes 1.7 mln dlrs of net income realized from sale of
property. The combination will result in record earnings of
2.40 dlrs a share, the wholesale distributor and processor of
eggs said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11388>
Exxon Corp said that 1986's 15 pct
increase in earnings per share to 7.42 dlrs a share were
partially based on its streamlined operations which compensated
for the weakness in its exploration earnings and the lowest
crude oil prices in a decade.
    Exxon said economies introduced in its operations from
reductions in personnel and other savings, such as reductions
in exploration expenses, were reflected in an 880 mln dlr
reduction in consolidated operating costs from 1985.
    The company said its more efficient operations would be
necessary to offset more adverse oil market conditions ahead.
    The company also said that its share repurchase plan
contributed to the per share gains over 1985.
    In a breakdown of costs, Exxon said that operating expenses
slipped to 9.2 billion dlrs in 1986 from 9.7 billion dlrs the
previous year and exploration expenses, including dry holes,
slipped back to 1.2 billion dlrs from 1.5 billion dlrs over the
same period as the number of wells drilled was lower.
    The company was also able to use lower interest rates to
reduce its interest expenses to 614 mln dlrs in 1986 from 627
mln dlrs the previous year.
    Exxon said that the ratio of debt to capital was cut by 1.6
pct in 1986 from the previous year to 19 pct.
    On December 31, 1986 Exxon's total debt of 7.87 billion
dlrs was down slightly from the previous year's 7.9 billion
dlrs and long term debt stood at 4.3 billion dlrs, down from
4.8 billion dlrs in 1985.
    Exxon's policy of repurchasing shares on the market for its
treasury also contributed to earnings results by a reduction of
shares to 722.6 mln shares from 754.1 mln shares the previous
year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11395>
Hal Weiss, chairman,
president and chief executive officer, of Rocky Mount
Undergarment Co Inc, said he expects the company to show a
profit for the first quarter fiscal 1987.
    Weiss said sales for 1987 have been strong following a net
loss of 1,548,000 dlrs, or 53 cts a share, for the fourth
quarter of fiscal 1986. The company reported a net loss for the
year of 2,408,000 dlrs, or 82 cts a share.
    Rocky Mount recorded net income of 248,000 dlrs, or eight
cts per share, for the first quarter of fiscal 1986.
    Weiss attributed the poor year to problems involving
management, manufacturing operations, financial condition and
credibility among its suppliers.
    Weiss predicted the pattern of quarterly lossses which
characterized 1986 will be reversed and 1987 will see the
company return to profitability.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11400>
&lt;New Harding Group Inc>,
formerly Harding Carpets Ltd, said it declared its first
dividend since fiscal 1978 of 10 cts per subordinate voting
share and multiple voting share, pay April 15, record April 8.
    The company said the dividend establishes a new policy for
the payment of quarterly dividends.
    New Harding earlier reported profit of 653,000 dlrs or 19
cts a share for first quarter ended January 31. It said prior
results were not comparable due to the company's November, 1986
acquisition of a 57 pct stake in Continuous Colour Coat Ltd.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11407>
Shr profit 18 cts vs loss 21 cts
    Net profit 766,000 vs loss 510,000
    Sales 32.4 mln vs 25.5 mln
    Year
    Shr profit 71 cts vs loss 23 cts
    Net profit 2,337,000 vs loss 747,000
    Sales 132.1 mln vs 119.6 mln
    NOTE: Prior year results pro forma for acquisition of C and
D Power Systems divisions of Allied-Signal Inc &lt;ALD>.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11413>
Consolidated net loss 5.54 billion francs vs loss 10.93
billion.
    Consolidated net turnover 131.06 billion francs vs 122.14
billion.
    Consolidated debt 54.3 billion francs vs 61.9 billion.
    Net loss car making 4.14 billion francs vs loss 10.99
billion.
    Net loss industrial vehicles 990 mln vs loss 1.54 billion.
    Note - The company said the consolidated net loss was after
costs and provisions for restructuring of 3.90 billion francs,
which includes exceptional items arising from the planned sale
of its stake in American Motors Corp &lt;AMO> to Chrysler Corp
&lt;C>.
    Full company name is Regie Nationale des Usines Renault.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11416>
Shr loss 48 cts vs loss 35 cts
    Net loss 1,587,000 vs loss 1,063,000
    Revs 45.3 mln vs 50.9 mln
    Avg shrs 3,322,032 vs 3,054,457
    Year
    Shr profit three cts vs loss 19 cts
    Net profit 112,000 vs loss 587,000
    Revs 211.2 mln vs 199.3 mln
    Avg shrs 3,220,163 vs 3,038,361
    NOTE: Net includes tax credits 1,411,000 dlrs vs 929,000
dlrs in quarter and tax provision 689,000 dlrs vs credit
1,288,000 dlrs in year.
    1986 year revenues include 18.7 mln dlrs from gain on sale
of Quality Sausage Co Inc.
    1986 net includes costs of 900,000 dlrs in quarter and
1,200,000 dlrs in year from proposed merger.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11418>
Arvin Industries Inc said higher
interest costs from borrowings to make acquisitions will
produce earnings flat with last year's 59 cts a share results.
    Arvin said it might earn 57 cts to 60 cts a share in the
quarter.
    These results also reflect the seasonally low sales pattern
of automotive replacement parts in that period.
    Arvin forecast about 85 cts a share net in the second
quarter compared with 68 cts in last year's period.
    The company said revenues for full year 1987 it will exceed
1.4 billion dlrs, net earnings will increase more than 30 pct,
while per share earnings should increase 12 to 18 pct.
    Arvin's 1986 revenues were 995.6 mln, net reached 41.2 mln
and earnings per share 2.46 dlrs.
    It based these forecasts due to the addition of Schrader
Automotive Inc and Maremont Corp, both acquired last year.
    Chairman James Baker said 1987 quarterly comparisons will
not conform to historical patterns for the year because the
acquisitions of Schrader and Maremond occurred in different
quarters.
    He said Arvin will complete the purchase of Systems
Research Laboratories in the second quarter of 1987. This will
also increase revenues.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11424>
Shr loss 23 cts vs loss 15 cts
    Net loss 1,121,664 vs loss 640,862
    Sales 37,485 vs nil
    NOTE: Company in development stage.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11428>
Qtrly Class A div five cts vs five cts prior
    Qtrly Class B div four cts vs four cts prior
    Pay May 29
    Record April 30
    NOTE: company changed date for its annual shareholders'
meeting to June 24 from June 15 due to a scheduling conflict.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11429>
Shr profit 10 cts vs loss two cts
    Net profit 140,332 vs loss 21,290
    Revs 4,202,305 vs 1,692,976
    Avg shrs 1,400,945 vs 1,106,500
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11433>
Qtrly div 26 cts vs 27 cts prior
    Payable April 27
    Record April 10
    NOTE: full name of company is cpl real estate trust
investment.
 
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11435>
National Bancshares Corp of Texas
said it has completed the previously-announced sale of 90,000
credit card accounts of to Lomas and Nettleton Financial Corp
&lt;LNF> for 45.6 mln dlrs, resulting in a gain of 5,800,000 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11440>
CPL Real Estate Trust
Investment said its regular quarterly dividend distribution
will be lower than its present 26 cts per share, and could be
significantly lower starting with the third quarter of 1987.
    The company, which lowered the payout from 27 cts to 26 cts
this current quarter, said it did not know how low the payout
would go.
    The company said the reason for the cutbacks was because it
would not be purchasing a property it had anticipated, and
alternative investments will produce significantly lower yields
than anticipated.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11443>
Shr 13 cts vs 17 cts
    Net 553,000 vs 728,000
    Revs 6.9 mln vs 7.5 mln
    Nine months
    Shr 17 cts vs 18 cts
    Net 732,000 vs 776,000
    Revs 18.5 mln vs 18.2 mln
    NOTE:Share earnings reflect 5-for-4 stock split effective
July 31.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11451>
Pier 1 Imports Inc said it
amended its record and distribution dates for its previously-
announced three-for two common and 25 cts preferred stock
split.
    The split common and 25 cts preferred shares will be
distributed on July 2, 1987, to shareholders of record June 24,
1987.
    The stock split requires shareholder approval of an
increase in authorized shares of common stock to 100 mln from
25 mln and an increase of authorized shares of preferred stock
to five mln from one mln, the company said.
    The change in the dates was based on the company's desire
to have the additional common and 25 cts preferred shares trade
for the shortest practical period of time on a "when issued"
basis following a favorable shareholder vote at the annual
meeting June 24, it said.
    The previously announced record and distribution dates were
May 13, 1987, and June 29, 1987, respectively, the company
said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11452>
Shr loss 34 cts vs loss 14 cts
    Net loss 798,000 vs loss 213,000
    Revs 1.5 mln vs 1.5 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 61 cts vs loss 2.08 dlrs
    Net loss 1.4 mln vs 1.0 mln
    Revs 6.8 mln vs 6.0 mln
    NOTE:1986 net loss includes non-recurring charges of
132,000 dlrs and 270,000 dlrs. Full name is INternational
Biotechnologies Inc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11470>
Shr 43 cts vs 25 cts
    Net 7.6 mln vs 4.4 mln
    Revs 72.0 mln vs 66.9 mln
    Year
    Shr 84 cts vs 72 cts
    Net 14.8 mln vs 12.7 mln
    Revs 223.1 mln vs 215.2 mln
    NOTE: 1986 4th qtr inludes gain of 2.6 mln dlrs on sale of
real estate.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11475>
Shr N.A. vs N.A.
    Net 46,000 vs 106,000
    Revs 19.8 mln vs 19.0 mln
    YEar
    Shr 26 cts vs 26 cts
    NEt 1.3 mln vs 1.3 mln
    Revs 82.1 mln vs 105.3 mln
    NOTE:1986 net includes 870,000 dlrs charge. 1985 net
includes 788,000 credit. No share amounts provided for 4th qtr
as NPS completed initial offering in August.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11476>
Qtly cash distribution 60 cts vs 60 cts prior
    Pay May 15
    Record April 30
    Note: Full name is Freeport-McMoRan Resources Partners LP.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11478>
Shr 83 cts vs 60 cts
    Net 516,063 vs 328,468
    Revs 8.3 mln vs 5.7 mln
    NOTE:Shrs reflect 3-for-2 stock split.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11479>
Oper shr 12 cts vs nine cts
    Oper net 4,027,852 vs 3,200,837
    Revs 100.2 mln vs 46.0 mln
    Note: Oper net excludes tax credits of 517,916 vs 198,000
    Current year results include proceeds from termination of a
pension plan.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11481>
Shr 94 cts vs 75 cts
    Net 27.0 mln vs 18.4 mln
    Revs 631.6 mln vs 409.5 mln
    Avg shrs 27.1 mln vs 22.6 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11490>
Canada's airline industry, shaken up by
a recent merger that creates a powerful new competitor for
government-owned Air Canada, has begun its first serious drive
for profitability in 50 years, industry analysts said.
    "Now we've got a company that can compete with Air Canada,"
said Thomas Bradley of Richardson Greenshields of Canada Ltd.
"Clearly, it can go head-to-head in any market."
    The new airline, which arose from the 300-mln-Canadian-dlr
takeover of Canadian Pacific Air Lines Ltd by the small but
cash-rich Pacific Western Airlines Corp, was launched last week
as Canadian Airlines International Ltd.
    Canadian Airlines will have 35-40 pct of the
6-billion-Canadian-dlr domestic market, against Air Canada's
50-55 pct. Wardair International Ltd is third with about nine
pct.
    Analysts believe Pacific Western's aggressive and
cost-conscious chairman Rhys Eyton will develop the true
potential of the former CP Air, which floundered for four
decades inside the bureaucracy of conglomerate Canadian Pacific
Ltd.
    They said CP Air's management style had been not much
different from that of Air Canada, formed 50 years ago, because
neither airline was held accountable to its owners.
    "Not that long ago, maybe even just six months ago, these
two airlines were totally fiscally irresponsible. Neither
seemed that concerned about the bottom line," said Bradley.
    "But with CP Air being run by Eyton, it will be very
conscious of profitability and shareholder return. And Air
Canada is on the verge of going that way," he said.
    CP Air, always fighting for market share rather than
profits, was "a perennial money-loser," analyst Wilfred Hahn of
Bache Securities Inc said in a recent report.
    Prior to its takeover in December, it had accumulated
long-term debt of 600 mln Canadian dlrs. From 1981 to 1985, its
losses totaled 87 mln Canadian dlrs.
    Air Canada, widely expected to be privatized later this
year in a public share offering, lost 14.8 mln Canadian dlrs on
revenues of 2.72 billion dlrs in 1985. It has a debt of more
than 2 billion dlrs.
    Although only a minority interest is likely to be sold to
the public, the prospect of privatization at a time of
increased competition is forcing Air Canada to pay more
attention to finances, analysts said.
    It recently disclosed that it expects to report a profit "in
excess of 35 mln to 40 mln dlrs" for 1986. However, this profit
recovery was due less to management skill than the fact that
all Canadian airlines had a good year in 1986, analysts said.
    Tourists came to Canada in record numbers last year,
attracted by the relatively weak Canadian dollar and Expo 86 in
Vancouver, which alone had more than 22 mln visitors.
    For the next few years, most analysts see three-six pct air
traffic growth, and they expect profits will come from
cost-cutting and careful spending.
    Peter Friend of Walywn Stodgell Cochran Murray Ltd said
institutional buyers will be eager to add Air Canada to their
portfolios as a blue-chip investment, but warned that new
competition makes profit growth less certain.
    "The airline with something to lose will be Air Canada. At
one time, it had a fixed system which was theirs and nobody
else's," Friend said.
    Many analysts recommend that investors buy and hold airline
shares for at least a year.
    Analysts said Air Canada's immediate concern ahead of a
public stock offering will be unloading unprofitable air routes
without setting off a political storm.
    It also will be faced with an expensive but necessary
updating of its aging fleet of 111 aircraft.
    Wardair, preferring strong medicine now instead of later,
already has embarked on a one-billion-Canadian-dlr purchase of
a dozen aircraft from Europe's Airbus Industrie.
    Canadian Airlines, which has 81 aircraft, last week ordered
six commuter planes from British Aerospace and said it would
soon buy as many as six wide-bodied aircraft from Airbus or the
Boeing Co.
    Analysts said Canadian Airlines, with its newer fleet,
needs to make fewer replacements and can afford these without
hurting profits.
    Steven Garmaise of Wood Gundy Inc expects Canadian
Airlines' profit in 1988 will more than double last year's 29.8
mln Canadian dlrs by Pacific Western.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11494>
Shr 65 cts vs 67 cts
    Net 49,517,000 vs 47,732,000
    Revs 229.2 mln vs 245.7 mln
    Avg shrs 65,994,142 vs 63,293,867
    NOTE: Per-share results reflect payment of preferred
dividend requirements
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11497>
Avery Inc said the company will not
show a profit in the next quarter and will probably not show a
profit in 1987.
    Speaking at the annual shareholders meeting, chairman
Nelson Peltz declined to estimate when the company would become
profitable.
    Peltz said Uniroyal Chemical Co, acquired last year, would
increase Avery's operating earnings but that associated
acquisition costs would prevent Avery from posting net profits
for some time.
    At the meeting, stockholders approved an increase in the
authorized number of common shares to 200 mln from 15 mln.
    In the fiscal year ended May 30, 1986, Avery reported a
loss of 489,000 dlrs. The company has changed its fiscal year
to end Sept 30.
    The increase in common shares would cover, among other
things, the exercise of Triangle Industries Inc's &lt;TRI> and
Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc's warrants issued in relation to
Avery's 710 mln dlr acquisition of Uniroyal Chemical late last
year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11499>
Shr 46 cts vs 31 cts
    Net 3,608,000 vs 2,448,000
    Revs 223.5 mln vs 218.2 mln
    Six mths
    Shr 87 cts vs 64 cts
    Net 6,788,000 vs 4,992,000
    Revs 441.5 mln vs 439.5 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11500>
Shr 30 cts vs 51 cts
    Net 966,000 vs 1,470,000
    Revs 39.8 mln vs 41.3 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11503>
Shr seven cts vs two cts
    Net 5,500,000 vs 4,300,000
    Revs 69.1 mln vs 115.3 mln
    Note: Shr after preferred divs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11506>
Pennzoil Co Chairman J. Hugh Liedtke
told a meeting of analysts that the company expects its first
quarter net to be down considerably, before an unusual item,
from the loss of 49 cts a share reported a year ago.
    Liedtke did not say how large the unusual item would be.
"We're still closing our books on the first quarter, so I don't
have final numbers for you," he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11510>
Elcor Corp said it raised its
quarterly common stock dividend to 11 cts a share from nine cts
and declared a two-for-one common stock split.
    The company said the increased dividend will be paid on May
13 to shareholders of record April 16.
    The stock split, Elcor said, will paid in the form of a 100
pct stock dividend on May 28 to shareholders of record may 14.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11528>
Shr 94 cts vs 77 cts
    Net 2.1 mln vs 1.7 mln
    Revs 7.8 mln vs 8.8 mln
    NOTE:Per share data reflects elimination of 500,000 shares
owned by 50 pct owned subsidiary and reflect one-for-three
reverse stock split effective march 5, 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11529>
Net profit 510,000 vs loss 5,700,000
    Revs 875,000 vs 4,100,000
    Year
    Net profit 871,000 vs loss 4,100,000
    Revs 4,700,000 vs 14.1 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11540>
Shr loss 4.05 dlrs vs loss 2.47 dlrs
    Net loss 39,598,000 vs loss 24,152,000
    Revs 96.0 mln vs 87.9 mln
    Note: Current year figures include 7.2 mln dlr provision
for anticipated loss on note receivable, 25.4 mln dlr writedown
on asset carrying value and 8.5 mln dlr provision for future
operating losses at Elsinore Shore Associates.
    Prior year figures include 10.5 mln dlr provision for
future losses at Elsinore Shore Associates.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11543>
Shr primary 33 cts vs 33 cts
    Shr diluted 27 cts vs 32 cts
    Net 3,669,000 vs 3,556,000
    Revs 58.2 mln vs 56.6 mln
    Avg shrs primary 11.2 mln vs 11.1 mln
    Avg shrs diluted 15.1 mln vs 11.1 mln
    Six mths
    Shr primary 43 cts vs 46 cts
    Shr diluted 37 cts vs 45 cts
    Net 4,711,000 vs 4,879,000
    Revs 101.9 mln vs 95.7 mln
    Avg shrs primary 11.2 mln vs 10.9 mln
    Avg shrs diluted 15.1 mln vs 10.9 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11549>
Oper shr 13 cts vs six cts
    Oper net 2,124,013 vs 909,158
    Revs 168.6 mln vs 157.6 mln
    NOTE: 1986 and 1985 years exclude loss discontinued
operations 6,974,554 dlrs, and 268,000 dlrs, respectively.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11564>
Shr 16 cts vs 23 cts
    Net 385,747 vs 549,928
    Revs 10.5 mln vs 9,037,596
    Year
    Shr 40 cts vs 58 cts
    Net 946,024 vs 1,352,709
    Revs 36.2 mln vs 30.6 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11565>
Shr loss four cts vs loss six cts
    Net loss 92,917 vs loss 104,038
    Revs 21.9 mln vs 5,091,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11566>
Oper shr profit 41 cts vs loss 1.13 dlrs
    Oper net profit 3,093,000 vs loss 7,000,000
    Revs 35.9 mln vs 31.1 mln
    Avg shrs 7,508,096 vs 6,207,723
    NOTE: Current year excludes gain of about 2.5 mln dlrs or
33 cts/shr from benefit of tax loss carryforward and includes
pretax gain of about 1.2 mln dlrs from sale of export quota
rights.
    Year-ago includes charge of five mln dlrs from discontinued
operations.
    1985 is for eight mths ended Dec 31, 1985. In that year,
company changed to calendar year from previous fiscal year
ended April 27, 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11567>
Dec 31 end
    Shr loss 1.26 dlrs vs loss six cts
    Net loss 11.4 mln vs loss 400,000
    Revs 12.5 mln vs 4,049,000
    NOTEL Company changed fiscal year to December 31 end.
    Prior year net includes gain 4,454,031 dlrs from sale of
minority interests in Connecticut partnerships.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11568>
Shr loss 30 cts vs loss 31 cts
    Net loss 1.0 mln vs loss 1.0 mln
    Revs 2.3 mln vs 1.7 mln
    Year
    Shr profit 0 10 cts vs loss 45 cts
    Net profit 508,000 vs loss 1.5 mln
    Revs 5.8 mln vs 6.7 mln
    NOTE:1986 year and qtr net includes loss of 37,000 dlrs and
538,000 dlrs, respectively from from discontinued operations.
1986 net includes 1.7 mln dlr credit. 1985 year and qtr
includes gain of 1.0 mln dlrs and loss of 190,000, respectively
from discontinued operations.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11569>
Oper shr 26 cts vs 16 cts
    Oper net 948,000 vs 480,000
    Revs 25.4 mln vs 19.9 mln
    NOTE: Excludes loss of 6.7 mln dlrs or 1.82 dlrs/shr vs
gain of 453,000 dlrs or 15 cts from discontinued operations.
1985 also excludes extraordinary gain equal to 34 cts/shr.
    1986 ended Dec 31 and 1985 ended Nov 30. In 1986, company
changed fiscal year end to Dec 31.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11570>
Shr loss 94 cts vs loss 1.25 dlrs
    Net loss 12.1 mln vs loss 15.9 mln
    Revs 3,307,000 vs 16.2 mln
    NOTE: Current year includes writedown of 8.5 mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11571>
Qtly div 15 cts vs 15 cts prior
    Pay April 30
    Record April 14
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11572>
Qtly div two cts vs two cts prior
    Pay May 26
    Record April 21
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11575>
Ames Department Stores Inc fell 1-7/8
to 23 in what analysts said was a reaction to a surprise
announcement earlier today by the company that earnings in the
fiscal year ended January 31 will decline sharply.
    Ames said it expects to report earnings of between 72 and
77 cts per share compared with 1.19 dlrs per share in the
previous year.
    "We were looking for 1.15 dlrs," said an analyst at a major
Wall Street firm who declined to be identified. Ames said most
of the decline resulted from an inventory shortage at its
Secaucus, N.J. distribution center.
    "The obvious suspicion is that there has been some kind of
fraud or theft," said Ralph Shulansky, senior vice president of
Ames. "We do not have hard evidence we are still putting things
together."
    He said it would take several weeks for the company to
complete an investigation. He said there are no law enforcement
officials involved at this time.
    He declined to quantify the inventory shortage but said it
was the major reason for the decline in earnings. A decline in
gross margin percentage and an increase in the effective tax
rate also contributed to the downturn, Ames said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11578>
Shr loss eight cts vs profit nil
    Net loss 488,759 vs profit 14,289
    Sales 6,067,676 vs 5,047,383
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11588>
Shr loss 92 cts vs profit one ct
    Net loss 2,487,439 vs profit 48,709
    Revs 1,788,141 vs 4,167,070
    Year
    Shr loss 1.50 dlrs vs profit 48 cts
    Net loss 4,073,724 vs profit 1,309,412
    Revs 8,193,455 vs 15.7 mln
    NOTE: 1986 year net includes 3,095,305 dlr writedown of oil
properties and reserves.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11614>
Shr loss 9.31 dlrs vs loss 1.62 dlrs
    Net loss 16.2 mln vs loss 2,770,243
    Revs 99.4 mln vs 96.2 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11617>
A.H. Robins Co said it filed its
consolidated net earnings report for February, which amounted
to 6,720,000 dlrs, compared to 4,646,000 for the comparable
month the year prior.
    Consolidated net earnings for the two months ended Feb 28,
1987, amounted to 23.9 mln dlrs, compared to 15.4 mln dlrs for
the comparable period a year earlier, it said.
    A.H. Robbins, which is in Chapter 11, said it filed the
report with the U.S. trustee overseeing its case.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11621>
Shr three cts vs 80 cts
    Net 46,000 vs 1,220,000
    Revs 11.5 mln vs 13.0 mln
    Avg shrs 1,608,000 vs 1,530,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11622>
Shr loss 14 cts vs profit 23 cts
    Net loss 835,000 vs profit 950,000
    Revs 8,617,000 vs 11.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11628>
Qtly div 11 cts vs 10 cts prior
    Pay May 14
    Record April 17
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11629>
Shr 62 cts vs 38 cts
    Net 1,110,484 vs 677,192
    Revs 36.6 mln vs 31.1 mln
    Six mths
    Shr 92 cts vs 68 cts
    Net 1,649,453 vs 1,211,597
    Revs 68.2 mln vs 58.5 mln
    
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11630>
Oper shr profit 92 cts vs loss six cts
    Oper net profit 1,351,000 vs loss 112,000
    Revs 22.8 mln vs 28.7 mln
    Avg shrs 1,465,926 vs 1,968,601
    Year
    Oper shr profit 1.81 dlrs vs profit three cts
    Oper net profit 2,837,000 vs profit 59,000
    Revs 84.8 mln vs 69.9 mln
    Avg shrs 1,569,287 vs 1,980,432
    Note: Current qtr figures exclude gain from discontinued
operations of 533,000 dlrs, or 37 cts per share vs loss of
480,000 dlrs, or 24 cts per share.
    Current year figures exclude gain from discontinued
operations of 752,000 dlrs, or 48 cts per share vs loss of
452,000 dlrs, or 23 cts per share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11633>
Feb One end
    Oper shr 89 cts vs 1.31 dlrs
    Oper net 3,348,000 vs 4,885,000
    Sales 126.8 mln vs 120.1 mln
    Year
    Oper shr 1.67 dlrs vs 2.15 dlrs
    Oper net 6,302,000 vs 8,013,000
    Sales 380.9 mln vs 352.1 mln
    NOTE: Prior year net both periods excludes gain 1,998,000
dlrs from reversion of overfunded pension plans.
    Corrects current year operating net.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11635>
Shr 1.54 dlrs vs 1.09 dlrs
    Qtly div four cts vs four cts prior
    Net 17.1 mln vs 11.5 mln
    Revs 953.2 mln vs 1.33 billion
    Avg shrs 11.1 mln vs 10.5 mln
    NOTE: Cash dividend payable April 21 to holders of record
April 10. Shr figures adjusted for five pct stock dividend
declared March 31.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11636>
Getty Petroleum Corp said its
board declared a five pct stock dividend payable on April 21 to
shareholders of record April 10.
    The company also declared a regular cash dividend of four
cts a share and reported 1986 net income rose to 17.1 mln dlrs
from 11.5 mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11637>
First Central Financial Corp said it
expects earnings to rise significantly in 1987 and said it is
actively seeking an acquisition.
    The property and casualty insurance company's chairman and
chief executive officer, Martin J. Simon, told Reuters in an
interview that he expects earnings of 33 cts a share in 1987
compared with 25 cts a year ago.
    He said, "the company currently has the sufficient momentum
to achieve those earnings and the successful completion of
licensing applications to operate in Pennsylvania, Delaware,
Connecticut and Ohio should fuel our earnings."
    The company is currently licenced to operate only in New
York state.
    Simon estimated that the company would earn seven cts a
share in the first quarter compared to three cts in the same
quarter a year ago, and eight cts a share in the second quarter
compared to five cts earned in 1986. He expects the company to
earn nine cts a share for each of the final two quarters of
1987.
    In addition, Simon said, First Central Financial "is
actively looking for, and has several acquisition brokers
looking for a small life insurance company to acquire."
    He said the acquisition should be in the 10 mln dlr range
and will be part of a strategy of expanding the company into a
"wide spectrum of insurance services." No specific company has
been targeted as yet, "but I would like to make my first
acquisition in 1987," he said.
    He said First Central Financial would not itself be an easy
takeover target. It wants to remain independent, he said, and
has implemented a staggered board of directors system. In
addition, Simon, the company's biggest shareholder, holds about
960,000 of the 6.2 mln ouitstanding shares.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11643>
Harvard Industries Inc said its board
approved a two-for-one stock split in the form of a special
stock dividend of its outstanding common stock.
    The special dividend is payable May 28, 1987, to
stockholders of record April 24, 1987.
    The split will be effected by one additional share for each
common share held, the company said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11644>
Shr loss 9.31 dlrs vs loss 1.62 dlrs
    Net loss 16.2 mln vs loss 2.8 mln
    Revs 99.4 mln vs 96.5 mln
    NOTE: 1986 includes loss of 3.9 mln dlrs from
restructuring.
    NOTE: loss 1986 includes 3.9 mln dlrs for restructuring
costs associated with disposal of property.
    Loss also includes the sale-at-a-loss of the company's
aircraft.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11649>
Oper shr loss 1.60 dlrs vs loss 1.17 dlrs
    Oper net loss 4,261,000 vs loss 2,816,000
    Revs 28.9 mln vs 11.7 mln
    Avg shrs 2,817,616 vs 2,685,592
    Year
    Oper shr profit 23 cts vs loss 1.10 dlrs
    Oper net profit 863,000 vs loss 2,390,000
    Revs 85.9 mln vs 60.4 mln
    Avg shrs 2,754,258 vs 2,541,967
    NOTE: Excludes loss of 1.9 mln dlrs vs loss 3.5 mln dlrs in
qtr and gain 46,000 dlrs vs loss 3.9 mln dlrs in year from
discontinued operations.
    Also excludes loss of 1.7 mln dlrs in current qtr from
reversal of tax loss carryforwards.
    Includes gain of 6.6 mln dlrs in current year from purchase
of Envirodyne Industries Inc shares and charge of 1.4 mln dlrs
in current qtr from research and development costs.
    1986 both periods includes operations of Sargent-Welch
Scientific Co, acquired on Nov 30, 1986 and interest in
Rosecraft Inc since June 4 and Lawrence Jewelry Corp since Oct
22.
    1985 both periods includes interest in R.N. Koch Inc since
Feb 8, 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11663>
Transworld Corp Liquidating Trust said
it expects to make an initial distribution to beneficiaries
valued at 20.10 dlrs per unit from the proceeds of the sale of
Hilton International Co.
    The value of the distribution assumes yesterday's closing
price of UAL's common stock of 56.50 dlrs per share.
    Earlier, UAL announced that it completed the purchase of
Hilton International Co for 835.7 mln dlrs in cash and 2.5 mln
shares of UAL Inc common stock.
    Total value of the sale is about 977.2 mln dlrs, Transworld
said.
    Pursuant to the sale, UAL exercised its option to
substitute cash for 200 mln dlrs of debentures and 55,493
shares of common stock, Transworld Liquidating said.
    Each unit of beneficial interest in the trust will be
allocated 0.051675 shares of UAL common stock.
    The aggregate value of the distribution is 975.8 mln dlrs.
The balance of the cash in the trust will be held by the Trust
until April 29 and will be used to satisfy all ouststanding
liabilities and obligations of the trust.
    After satisfaction of its liabilities and obligations, the
trust would make a second distribution to its beneficiaries of
any remaining cash on or about April 29.
    Trading in the beneficial interests, which are listed on
the New York Stock Exchange, will cease after today. In order
to receive the distribution, beneficiaries must surrender the
certificates representing their beneficial interests.
    The trust was formed at year end 1986 to facilitate the
sale of Hilton International.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11664>
Shr 2.25 dlrs vs 1.35 dlr
    Net 1,199,791 vs 724,755
    Revs 11.7 mln vs 9,105,952
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11666>
Ended February 28.
    Shr 18 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 1,706,601 vs 1,226,609
    Rev 42.7 mln vs 36.3 mln
    Avg shares 9,695,444 vs 9,537,043
    NOTE: Company's full name is International Dairy Queen Inc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11667>
Shr 2.90 dlrs vs 1.44 dlrs
    Net 8,862,000 vs 4,391,000
    Revs 221.6 mln vs 265.3 mln
    NOTE: Translated from Italian lire in U.S. dollar
equivalents at the exchange rate prevailing at Dec 31, 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11674>
Coleman Co said it expects a
first-quarter charge against earnings of 1.6 mln dlrs, or 23
cts a share, as a result of its voluntary program to replace
condensing heat exchangers in its early Model 90 series
high-efficiency residential gas furnaces.
    The company said extensive testing indicates a problem
found in the furnaces is not safety related. Coleman said it
noted an increasing number of heat exchangers in certain
furnaces made from March 1984 through December 1985 were
returned because of corrosion.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11683>
Shr loss 15 cts vs nil
    Net loss 4,356,285 vs profit 300,000
    Year
    Shr loss 12 cts vs profit five cts
    Net loss 2,744,826 vs profit 2,490,262
    NOTE: 1985 earnings restated for discontinued operations
    Per-share results reflect payment of preferred dividends
    Company did not release revenues
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11684>
Shr profit 70 cts vs loss 33 cts
    Net profit 2,598,000 vs loss 687,000
    Revs 7,438,000 vs 6,467,000
    NOTE: 1986 net includes 2,168,000 dlrs or 61 cts a share
for gain on cancellation of long-term debt through a debenture
offer.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11685>
Ended March one
    Oper shr 47 cts vs 41 cts
    Oper net 840,484 vs 732,000
    Revs 36.6 mln vs 31.1 mln
    Six mths
    Oper shr 77 cts vs 75 cts
    Oper net 1,379,453 vs 1,338,346
    Revs 68.2 mln vs 58.5 mln
    NOTE: Excludes net gain of 27,000 dlrs or 15 cts/shr in
current qtr and six mths from disposal of discontinued
operations.
    Year-ago excludes loss of 54,808 dlrs or three cts in qtr
and 126,749 dlrs or seven cts in six mths from discontinued
operations.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11687>
Shr loss 30 cts vs loss 44 cts
    Net loss 1,135,805 vs loss 1,461,792
    Sales 3,398,893 vs 2,075,260
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11689>
Shr loss 26 cts vs loss six cts
    Net loss 535,110 vs loss 129,433
    Revs 787,000 vs 622,130
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11690>
Oper shr loss 14 cts vs loss 49 cts
    Oper net loss 22,000 vs loss 441,000
    Revs 22.6 mln vs 13.6 mln
    Year
    Oper shr profit 14 cts vs profit 47 cts
    Oper net profit 1,952,000 vs profit 2,794,000
    Revs 76.2 mln vs 56.4 mln
    NOTE: 1986 4th qtr and year oper net excludes a loss of
54,000 dlrs for discontinued operations, and a a gain of
218,000 dlrs and 2,393,000 dlrs, respecitvely, for
extraordinary item.
    1985 4th qtr and year oper net excludes a loss of 77,000
dlrs and about 54,000 dlrs, respectively, for discontinued
operations and a loss of 285,000 dlrs and a gain of 2,757,000
dlrs, respectively, for extraordinary item.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11696>
Shr profit 28 cts vs loss 32 cts
    Net profit 1,190,000 vs loss 686,000
    Revs 40.8 mln vs 2.2 mln
    Year
    Shr profit 20 cts vs loss 49 cts
    Net profit 2,021,000 vs loss 1,162,000
    Revs 103 mln vs 9.5 mln
    Avg shrs 4,206,371 vs 2,124,967
   
REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11700>
Shr loss 1.82 dlrs vs loss 16 cts
    Net loss 2,285,000 vs loss 264,000
    Revs 23.0 mln vs 14.6 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 1.59 dlrs vs profit seven cts
    Net loss 2,467,000 vs profit 112,000
    Revs 77.3 mln vs 75.8 mln
    NOTE: Includes loss of 1.1 mln dlrs or 70 cts/shr from
asset writedowns and cost reductions.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11705>
Shr loss 6.94 dlrs vs loss two cts
    Net loss 2.20 billion vs profit 7.0 mln
    Revs 1.55 billion vs 2.44 billion
    Note: 1986 shr and net include writedowns totalling 2.08
billion dlrs before a reduction in deferred income taxes of 571
mln dlrs. Net also includes 214 mln dlrs in accumulated foreign
exchange losses
    Canadian funds
    Note continued: shr after preferred dividends
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11708>
Chelsea Industries Inc said earnings for
its fiscal second quarter ended March 30 will be "sharply
lower" than the 1,414,000 dlrs or 55 cts a share it earned for
the same quarter last year.
    It also said it lowered its earnings forecasts for the
remainder of the fiscal year. In fiscal 1986, the company
earned 7,206,000 dlrs or 2.78 dlrs a share.
    The company cited intensely competitive market conditions
in its polyethelyne trash liner business and startup costs
related to its acquisition of Artisan Plastic for the reduced
earnings outlook.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11711>
Dome Petroleum Ltd, earlier
reporting a 2.20 billion dlr 1986 loss compared to year-earlier
profit of 7.0 mln dlrs, said the loss was mainly due to write
downs totalling 2.084 billion dlrs before a reduction in
deferred income taxes of 571 mln dlrs.
    The loss also includes 214 mln dlrs in accumulated foreign
exchange losses, the company said.
    "The dramatic drop in energy prices in early 1986 reverses
much of the progress the company has made in the two previous
years," Dome chairman J. Howard Macdonald said in a statement.
    "But even a net loss of this magnitude has very little
bearing on the day-to-day operations of Dome," chairman
Macdonald said.
    "It merely reflects the realistic carrying value of the
company's assets in today's economic environment, and the
absolute need for reaching a timely agreement with our lenders
on a debt restructuring plan to assure the company's continued
existence," he added.
    Dome is now trying to reach agreement on a complex plan for
restructuring debt of more than 6.10 billion dlrs.
    Dome said it charged the 214 mln dlrs in accumulated
foreign exchange losses to current expenses because of the
uncertainty arising from its proposed restructuring plan.
    Normally the expenses would be amortized over the remaining
period of the loans to which they apply, it said.
    Dome also said the write downs included a fourth quarter
reduction in the value of its oil and gas properties of 1.20
billion dlrs, before a reduction in deferred income taxes of
305 mln dlrs. The fourth quarter writedown was in addition to a
charge of 880 mln dlrs on certain other assets, taken mainly in
the third quarter.
    Dome said the 1.20 billion dlr fourth quarter charge
resulted from a year-end accounting change made under new full
cost accounting guidelines by the Canadian Institute of
Chartered Accountants.
    The company said it previously determined a write down of
conventional oil and gas properties was not required at
September 30, under the previous method of calculating the
limitation of oil and gas values.
    Dome said the most significant accounting change under the
new guidelines is using current oil and gas prices in
calculations instead of escalating price forecasts.
    Terms of Dome's proposed debt restructuring plan preclude
the company from making an accurate estimate of future
financing costs, which are used in the new accounting
calculations, it said.
    As a result, Dome adopted current prices and costs and a 10
pct discount factor in the calculations, which substantially
conform with accounting rules prescribed by the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission, the company said.
    Dome said operating income from its crude oil and natural
gas segments fell by 2.50 billion dlrs to a 1986 loss of 1.71
billion dlrs from prior year earnings of 737.0 mln dlrs.
    Dome said the steep drop in crude oil and natural gas
operating income was due to write downs totalling 1.93 billion
dlrs and lower energy prices that sharply reduced revenue.
    Reduced production of natural gas and lower utilization of
Dome's offshore drilling fleet in the Beaufort Sea also
contributed to the decline, it said.
    Earnings from its natural gas liquids business fell by 79
pct to 42.0 mln dlrs from 199 mln dlrs in 1985.
    Cash from operations dropped to 5.0 mln dlrs from year-ago
542.0 mln dlrs and unrestricted cash balance declined to 202.0
mln dlrs from 466.0 mln dlrs.
    Dome said 1986 crude oil production in 1986 was maintained
at prior year's levels through new drilling activity and
improvements in productivity.
    Natural gas production fell by nine pct as a result of
lower domestic and export sales, it said.
    Oil and field natural gas liquids production totalled
86,000 barrels a day, compared to 87,000 bpd in the prior year.
    Natural gas production fell to 536.0 mln cubic feet a day
from 591.0 mcf a day.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11713>
Shr loss 9.42 dlrs vs loss 3.85 dlrs
    Net loss 55.5 mln vs loss 21.4 mln
    Revs 114.9 mln vs 120.0 mln
    Avg shrs 6,460,000 vs 5,719,000
    Year
    Shr loss 6.80 dlrs vs loss 4.77 dlrs
    Net loss 36.0 mln vs loss 26.2 mln
    Revs 478.9 mln vs 437.9 mln
    Avg shrs 6,016,000 vs 5,713,000
    Note: Net includes realized capital gains of 2,610,000 vs
2,442,000 for qtr and 18.1 mln vs 13.6 mln for year.
    1986 net also includes gain on termination of pension plan
of 2,614,000 for qtr and year, and tax loss of 3,605,000 for
qtr. Includes pretax gain from sale of common stock in Guaranty
National Corp of 5,722,000 for year.
    Revised estimated calculation of workers compensation
earned premiums decreased 1986 earned premiums by 10 mln.
    Year-ago results restated to reflect deconsolidation of
Guaranty National.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11714>
Avon Products Inc, the diversifed
conglomerate that had a strong turn around in 1986, said it
expects sales and earnings to climb higher this year.
    In its annual report, the company also said it expects to
maintain its current annual two dlr dividend on the basis of
continued upward earnings.
    In 1986, Avon's operational earnings rose 24 pct to 158.7
mln dlrs from 128.2 mln dlrs a year earlier, and sales rose 17
pct to 2.88 billion dlrs. It said the 2.23 dlrs a share earned
last year was the highest in five years, but still well below
the company's all-time high of 4.06 dlrs a share in 1979.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11717>
Pacific Gas and Electric Co said
it expects to record a 470 mln dlr, or 1.25 dlr per share,
reduction in 1987 earnings because of the company's decision to
change the method used to record Diablo Canyon Nuclear Power
Plant revenues.
    The accounting change will not affect the company's cash
position and the company intends to continue paying its
dividend at the annual rate of 1.92 dlrs per share.
    Last year Pacific Gas reported earnings of 925 mln dlrs, or
2.60 dlrs per share.
    Pacific Gas said the accounting change was prompted by
delays in the receipt of a California Public Utilities
Commission decision on the company's 1984 application for rate
relief to recover the 5.8 billion dlr cost of constructing
units one and two of the Diablo Canyon Nuclear Power Project.
    It said the commission is currently allowing the company to
recover 40 pct of the cost of owning and operating the plants.
    As a result, 63 mln dlrs has been accumulating each month
as deferred non-cash account receivable, which has been
included in current income.
    But the accounting change, effective January 1, will
reflect only cash received through interim rates approved by
the commission, Pacific Gas and Electric said.
    It also said the commission is now awaiting its Public
Staff Division's report which will recommend how much of the
5.8 billion dlr investment Pacific Gas should be allowed to
recover in rates.
    The company further stated that it is confident it will
receive an objective review of the facts.
    It also said it intends to seek additional interim rates.
    Pacific Gas began construction of the two nuclear power
units in 1969. After a number of construction delays, unit one
went into operation in May 1985 and unit two went on line in
March last year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11721>
Shr 50 cts vs 66 cts
    Net 15.0 mln vs 20.0 mln
    Revs 861.2 mln vs 725.9 mln
    Year
    Shr 1.55 dlrs vsd 1.90 dlrs
    Net 46.5 mln vs 57.0 mln
    Revs 2.53 billion vs 2.25 billion
    Note: 1986 had 53 weeks vs 52 weeks in 1985. 4th qtr 1986
had 17 weeks vs 16 weeks in 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11724>
Shr loss 1.37 dlrs vs 1.59 dlrs
    Net loss 38.6 mln vs 42.5 mln
    Revs 31.4 mln vs 59.4 mln
    Note: 1986 net includes pretax writedown of 23 mln on oil
and gas properties and a 30.3 mln non-cash provision for
impairment of geothermal property.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11725>
Linear Films Inc said it sees lower
earnings in the fourth quarter ending March 31 compared with a
year ago due to lower profit margins on stretch film from price
increases of polyethelene resin, a key raw material.
    In last year's fourth quarter it earned 1,235,000 dlrs or
19 cts a share, a spokesman said.
    The company said it is raising its stretch film prices by
six pct as of April 15 to reflect the higher costs of
polyethelene resin. It also said sale volume of stretch film in
the fourth quarter was lower than anticipated, although it has
returned to normal in recent weeks.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11726>
MCO Resources Inc said its independent
auditors have qualified their opinion on the company financial
statements for 1986, in which it posted a net loss of 38.6 mln
dlrs or 1.37 dlrs a share on revenues of 31.4 mln.
    MCO said the qualfied opinion related to its realization of
the carrying amount of its geothermal property and its ability
to continue as an ongoing concern, which is dependent upon the
restructuring of the company's bank debt and other obligations,
resolution of the uncertainties surrounding its geothermal
operations and the success of future operations.
    The company said its capital spending for 1987 has been
virtually eliminated and that an additional staff reduction of
about 20 pct is being implemented today.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11727>
Shr 22 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 7,121,000 vs 4,481,000
    Revs 37.4 mln vs 22.8 mln
    Avg shrs primary 30,067,000 vs 29,735,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11728>
Atlantic Richfield Oil Co said it
expects first quarter net income to cover its dividend
requirements in the quarter.
    The company paid a quarterly dividend of one dlr a share
earlier this month.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11730>
Servotronics Inc said it declared
a 10 pct stock dividend, payable May 15 to shareholders of
record April 21.
    The company last declared a stock dividend, also 10 pct, in
March 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11733>
Oper shr 50.4 cts vs 48.7 cts
    Oper net 688,000 vs 665,000
    Revs 12.3 mln vs 10.7 mln
    Note: Oper excludes tax credits of 559,000 vs 537,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11736>
Shr eight cts vs 30 cts
    Net 1,100,000 vs 3,900,000
    Revs 14.9 mln vs 20.7 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11750>
Shr loss 10 cts vs loss 38 cts
    Net loss 393,241 vs loss 1,384,334
    Revs 43.6 mln vs 40.3 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11752>
First City Bancorp of Texas, which lost
a record 402 mln dlrs in 1986, said in its annual report it
expected operating losses to continue "for the foreseeable
future" as it continues to search for additional capital or a
merger partner.
    The Houston-based bank's 1986 financial statements received
a qualified opinion from its auditors, Arthur Andersen and Co.
The auditors said their opinion was subject to First City
eventually obtaining additional capital.
    "The company believes that in order to address its
long-term needs and return to a satisfactory level of
operations, it will ultimately need several hundred million
dollars of additional capital, or a combination with a more
strongly capitalized entity," First City said in a note to its
financial statements included in the annual report.
    "Management believes that sufficient resources should be
available to cover interim capital concerns while additional
capital is being sought," the bank said.
    To raise cash in the near-term, First City said it may sell
or mortgage non-strategic assets, recover excess contributions
to its pension plan and obtain special dividends from some of
its member banks.
    "The losses for 1987 are expected to be substantially less
than in 1986," First City chairman J.A. Elkins said in a letter
included in the annual report. "However, the ultimate return to
satisfactory operating conditions is dependent on the
successful resolution of the related problems of credit
quality, funding and the eventual need for substantial
additional capital."
    First City said it anticipated that certain covenants of a
credit agreement with unaffiliated banks requiring most of
First City's excess cash to be applied to debt repayments would
be modified by the end of the first quarter in order to avoid
default.
    The banks agreed to similar amendments to the covenants
last year and First City has reduced its borrowings from 120
mln dlrs at 1986 yearend to 68.5 mln dlrs in recent weeks.
    Although the parent company's capital adequacy ratios
exceeded regulatory minimum requirements at the end of 1986,
First City said its two largest subsidiaries did not. First
City National Bank of Houston had a primary capital ratio of
5.34 pct and First City Bank of Dallas had a 4.75 pct ratio.
    Hard-hit by the collapse in oil and Texas real estate
prices, First City's net loan chargeoffs totaled 366 mln dlrs
last year, up from 261 mln dlrs in 1985. The bank more than
doubled its loan loss provision to 497 mln dlrs at the end of
1986.
    First City said chargeoffs and paydowns reduced its total
energy loan portfolio by 32 pct during 1986, to 1.4 billion
dlrs at year-end, adding that future energy chargeoffs "should
be more modest." The amount represented 15 pct of First City's
total loans.
    In real estate, First City said its nonperforming assets
nearly doubled last year to 347 mln dlrs at year-end.
Chargeoffs of real estate loans rose to 32 mln dlrs, or nine
pct of total loan chargeoffs, and the bank said the amount
could go higher.
    "The company still faces uncertainties in the real estate
market and anticipates further deterioration in the pportfolio
so long as the regional recession persists," First City said.
"Because the carrying value of many of these loans is
collateral dependent, a further decline in the overall value of
the collateral base could cause an increase in the level of
real estate-related chargeoffs."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11754>
Oper shr loss 10 cts vs profit nine cts
    Oper net loss 387,000 vs profit 313,000
    Revs 6,486,000 vs 5,613,000
    Year
    Oper shr loss two cts vs profit four cts
    Oper net loss 96,000 vs profit 120,000
    Revs 23.8 mln vs 21.3 mln
    Note: 1986 oper excludes extraordinary gains of 299,000 for
qtr and year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11756>
Qtly div 7.5 cts vs 7.5 cts prior
    Pay May 19
    Record April 24
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11758>
Oper shr loss 11 cts vs profit two cts
    Oper net loss 1,058,585 vs profit 282,998
    Revs 24.4 mln vs 23.7 mln
    Note: 1986 oper includes accrued interest of 686,914 from
financing of capital goods transaction with Prudential Bache
Trade Corp.
    Year-ago oper excludes extraordinary gain of 121,000.
 
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11773>
Commerzbank AG &lt;CBKG.F> management
board chairman Walter Seipp said that from the present
viewpoint the bank must expect 1987 full operating profit to be
lower than in 1986.
    In the first two months of the year, partial operating
profit -- excluding trading on the bank's own account -
declined, he said, without giving details.
    The interest surplus fell 2.8 pct compared with 2/12ths of
1986 results, while the commission surplus, because of the
quiet stock exchange business, fell back still more strongly.
By contrast the personnel and fixed asset expenses increased.
    German banks do not report full operating profit. But Seipp
said last year the figure for the first time had topped one
billion marks for the parent bank, and the group result was
around 50 pct higher than this.
    Commenting on 1986, Seipp said, "we were able to raise the
full operating profit...Slightly above the record result of
1985 because own account profits increased slightly."
    He gave no concrete details but added that in January and
February, good own account trading profits meant that the drop
in full operating earnings was more modest than that in the
partial operating figure.
    The bank would, as a result, be more profit-oriented in
future, developing, for example, more into investment banking,
keeping a tight rein on personnel costs and dampening
expenditures on fixed assets.
    Turning to 1986 results, Seipp said by year end there had
been a strong growth in business volume.
    Over the year business volume rose by 9.9 pct to 93.2
billion marks compared with 1985, Seipp added.
    Group balance sheet volume rose by 8.0 pct to 148.15
billion. It would have been around five billion marks higher
still if currency relationships had remained unchanged.
    In the parent bank, the interest surplus rose nine pct in
the year, while the interest margin held roughly at 1985's 2.56
pct despite pressure on credit rates.
    The surplus on commission business, which had soared by a
quarter in 1985, rose by 11.6 pct last year thanks almost
exclusively to growth in securities commissions, Seipp said.
    Personnel expenditure was up 11.9 pct last year, at more
than 1.5 billion marks. Fixed asset expenditure rose by 9.6 pct
to more than 650 mln.
    As a result, the parent bank partial operating profit rose
by 3.2 pct to 752 mln marks.
    Parent bank tax payment rose to 244 mln marks last year
from 233 mln in 1985.
    Seipp said extraordinary earnings included a "high
two-figure million" in profit from the sale of the bank's AEG AG
&lt;AEGG.F> shares to Daimler-Benz AG &lt;DAIG.F> during the latter's
majority stake purchase booked last year.
    The ability of the bank to write off depreciations in
credit business against profits from securities trading and
earnings on the sale of stakes had been utilised, as in prior
years, to its full extent.
    Because of numerous insolvencies at home, by far the
largest part of the provisions were set aside for individual
write-downs from domestic business. Abroad, the circle of
problem debtor countries rose last year, although the ratio of
credit exposure to provisions improved further.
    Seipp said that because about half the group's exposure to
problem nations was in dollars, the bank had swapped into
dollars individual provisions hitherto held primarily in marks.
    "This means that no open currency positions exist any longer
on the amount of the provision that is made against an actual
default," he added.
    Despite the increase in concern over debtor nations in the
last few weeks, he said, the international banking community is
better armed than it was against payment problems.
    All banks had significantly strengthened their capital
base, most European banks had made considerable provisions
against bad debts while goverments and central banks were
better prepared for unforseen difficulties.
    He described debt-equity swaps as a very interesting new
approach to indebted nations' problems. There was a lot of
interest in direct investment via an equity participation in
Latin America, particularly from West German firms.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11787>
Group shr 65.44 yen vs 73.30
    Net 4.48 billion vs 4.19 billion
    Current 10.85 billion vs 9.77 billion
    Operating 9.65 billion vs 9.54 billion
    Sales 103.53 billion vs 94.39 billion
    NOTE - Company forecast for current year is group shr 70.05
yen, net 4.80 billion, current 11.20 billion and sales 113
billion.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11802>
Net consolidated profit after deduction
for minorities 6.52 billion francs vs 5.40 billion.
    Non-consolidated net profit 3.46 billion francs vs 3.05
billion.
    Note - Results for year 1986. Company's full name is Groupe
Bruxelles Lambert SA &lt;LAMB.BR>.
    Proposed net final dividend on ordinary shares 70 francs vs
65 to take total net payment for year to 120 francs vs 110.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11850>
Year to Dec 31
    Shr profit 63.6p vs loss 8.7p
    Final div 24p making 34p vs total 28.75p
    Pretax profit 143.8 mln stg vs 3.5 mln
    General underwriting loss on short-term business 79.8 vs
154.3
    NOTE - Company's full name is Guardian Royal Assuance Plc
&lt;GREX.L>
    Underwriting profit on long-term insurance business 21.6
mln stg vs 19.1 mln
    Loss on discontinued international professional indemnity
business nil vs 40.6 mln stg
    Investment income 213.8 mln stg vs 193.6 mln
    Less interest payable 11.8 mln stg vs 14.3 mln
    Tax 38.8 mln stg vs 15.0 mln Minorities 3.3 mln stg vs 2.3
mln
    Extraordinary item - contingency claims provisions on
discontinued international business nil vs 55.0 mln stg
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11855>
Year 1986
    DIV 18.1p making 28.5p vs 23.74p
    PROFIT AFTER TAX 17.4 mln stg vs 14.1 mln
    TAX 0.7 mln stg vs 0.2 mln
    Bonus distribution rose to new record level of 125.1 mln
stg vs 114.9 mln in 1985
    Full name of company is Sun Life Assurance Society Plc
&lt;SULL.L>.
    REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11859>
Year 1986
    Shr 64.2p vs 14p
    Div 16p making 23.5p vs 17.5p
    Pretax profit 180.4 mln stg vs 37.7 mln
    Net after tax 137.1 mln vs 34.9 mln
    Minorities 10.5 mln vs 7.2 mln
    General premium income 1.99 billion stg vs 1.78 billion
    Long term premium income 704.5 mln vs 576.6 mln
    General insurance underwritng loss 78.3 mln vs 183.4 mln
    Long term insurance profits 27.3 mln vs 20.9 mln
    Investment and other income 231.4 mln vs 200.2 mln.
    Company's full name is Sun Alliance and London Insurance
Plc &lt;SUNL.L>.
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11877>
Shr loss nil vs profit nil
    Net loss 17,000 vs profit 31,000
    Revs 5,429,000 up 27 pct
    Year
    Shr profit four cts vs profit five cts
    Net profit 523,000 vs profit 421,000
    Revs 18.3 mln vs 11.6 mln
    Avg shrs 15.2 mln vs 8,941,000
    NOTE: Year net includes tax credits of 131,000 dlrs vs
194,000 dlrs.
    1986 net both periods includes charge 264,000 dlrs from
settlement of overtime wage dispute and addition to provision
for uncollectible accounts.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11878>
Oper shr loss 24 cts vs profit 24 cts
    Oper net loss 716,000 vs profit 729,000
    Revs 3,673,000 vs 7,826,000
    Avg shrs 2,930,000 vs 2,930,000
    Year
    Oper shr profit nil vs profit 1.31 dlrs
    Oper net profit 10,000 vs profit 3,200,000
    Revs 12.9 mln vs 26.3 mln
    Avg shrs 2,930,000 vs 2,454,521
    NOTE: Net excludes realized investment gains of 2,000 dlrs
vs 13,000 dlrs quarter and 104,000 dlrs vs 6,000 dlrs year.
    1985 net both periods excludes 57,000 dlr extraordinary
gain.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11879>
Shr 40 cts vs 36 cts
    Net 2,309,000 vs 2,076,000
    Revs 28.2 mln vs 30.4 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11883>
Peoples Ban Corp said it expects to
report first quarter earnings of over six mln dlrs, including a
gain of 1,600,000 dlrs from the settlement of a dispute with
the Internal Revenue Service and the sale of four banking
offices in Vancouver, Wash.
    The company said it expects to report "normal" earnings for
the rest ofd the year of 4,500,000 to five mln dlrs per
quarter.
    Peoples earned 105,000 dlrs in last year's first quarter
and in all of 1986 lost 1,768,000 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11884>
Shr loss 1.61 dlrs vs loss 47 cts
    Net loss 19.2 mln vs loss 5,716,000
    Revs 46.4 mln vs 11.0 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 2.01 dlrs vs loss 29 cts
    Net loss 24.5 mln vs loss 3,548,000
    Revs 150.2 mln vs 24.4 mln
    NOTE: 1985 net includes tax credits of 7,336,000 dlrs in
quarter and 10.2 mln dlrs in year.
    Results include 64.7 pct stake in Pacific Lumber Co from
December 1985 through February 1987 and 100 pct thereafter.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11896>
Shr 28 cts vs 31 cts
    Net 8,117,095 vs 8,954,904
    Sales 146.7 mln vs 133.0 mln
    Avg shares 29.0 mln vs 28.9 mln
    First half
    Shr 48 cts vs 53 cts
    Net 13.8 mln vs 15.2 mln
    Sales 273.0 mln vs 242.1 mln
    Avg shrs 29.0 mln vs 28.9 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11898>
Oper shr loss 2.27 dlrs vs loss 1.62 dlrs
    Oper net loss 12.7 mln vs loss 12.1 mln
    Revs 60.0 mln vs 26.2 mln
    Year
    Oper shr loss 5.16 dlrs vs loss 1.56 dlrs
    dOper net loss 29.0 mln vs loss 12.4 mln
    Revs 139.3 mln vs 110.0 mln
    NOTE: 1985 operating losses exclude profits of 19.5 mln
dlrs, or 2.64 dlrs a share, in quarter and 20.6 mln dlrs, or
2.74 dlrs a share, in year from discontinued operations
    1985 loss in both periods includes pre-tax charge of 16.9
mln dlrs on write down of oil properties.
    1986 year loss includes pre-tax charge of 23.0 mln dlrs for
write down of oil and gas properties.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11904>
Oper shr loss 19 cts vs profit one ct
    Oper net loss 1,495,000 vs profit 50,000
    Revs 52.3 mln vs 48.9 mln
    NOTE: Earnings exclude gains from utilization of tax loss
carryforwards of 82,000 dlrs, or one ct a share vs 300,000
dlrs, or three cts a share
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11908>
Qtly div 30 cts vs 30 cts prior
    Pay April 30
    Record April 15
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11918>
Thyssen AG &lt;THYH.F> expects a fall of
between 15 and 20 pct in consolidated turnover in 1986/87,
chief executive Dieter Spethmann said.
    He told journalists the exact decline would depend on
dollar developments. The Thyssen group did over 50 pct of its
business outside West Germany.
    Spethmann made no comment on 1986/87 group earnings. World
group net profit fell to 370.1 mln marks in the year ended
September 1986 from 472.4 mln a year earlier on group sales
which fell to 40.00 billion marks from a previous 44.32
billion.
    Last week Spethmann told the annual meeting Thyssen
expected to post a good profit in 1986/87 despite expected
losses in the mass steel-making operations this year.
    Spethmann said engineering turnover would not be lower this
year, but lower steel prices would result in a drop in steel
turnover and sales volume. This would also affect Thyssen's
trading operations, he said.
    Spethmann also categorically denied a magazine article
published this week which spoke of a dispute between him and
Heinz Kriwet, management board chairman of Thyssen Stahl AG,
over planned job cuts in steel plants in the Ruhr area.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11925>
Valhi Inc, formed by the March 10 merger
of Amalgamated Sugar Co into LLC Corp, said it had unaudited
pro-forma earnings of 72 mln dlrs, or 61 cts a share, for the
six months ended December 31.
    Valhi said these results were prepared as if the merger had
occurred July 1, 1986, and on substantially the same basis as
the pro-forma financial information in LLC's and Amalgamated's
joint proxy statement dated February 10.
    Valhi said it has about 117 mln common shares outstanding
with about 85 pct held by &lt;Contran Corp>.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11930>
Qtly div 10 cts vs 10 cts prior
    Pay May 13
    Record April 29
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11933>
VMS Strategic Land Trust declared an
initial dividend of 30 cts a share payable May 15 to
shareholders of record April 20.
    The dividend represents a 12 pct annual return based on the
company's original offering price in December of 10 dlrs a
share. The return is guaranteed through December 31, 1988, the
company said.
    The trust invests in short term junior preconstruction
mortgage loans and has total principal amount of investments of
approximately 105.7 mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11966>
Shr loss 40 cts vs loss 1.30 dlrs
    Net loss 3,619,000 vs loss 11.3 mln
    Revs 24.1 mln vs 34.1 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 4.36 dlrs vs loss 2.09 dlrs
    Net loss 38.7 mln vs loss 16.8 mln
    Revs 104.6 mln vs 133.9 mln
              
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11967>
Shr loss 1.05 dlrs vs profit three cts
    Net loss 4,477,000 vs profit 107,818
    Revs 10.9 mln vs 13.8 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 79 cts vs profit three cts
    Net loss 3,364,058 vs profit 123,880
    Revs 50.9 mln vs 57.2 mln
    Note: Full name Progressive Savings and Loan Association.
    Current year figures include 5.1 mln dlr incrase to
reserves for estimated real estate and loan losses.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11976>
Shr 19 cts vs 18 cts
    Net 1,230,041 vs 1,153,280
    Sales 10,909,729 vs 9,675,355
    Six mths
    Shr 31 cts vs 29 cts
    Net 2,019,930 vs 1,857,357
    Sales 21.0 mln vs 17.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11977>
Shr 51 cts vs 36 cts
    Net 2,543,285 vs 1,686,559
    Sales 153.2 mln vs 120.7 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11978>
Shr loss one ct vs loss 2.16 dlrs
    Net loss 30,000 vs loss 12.4 mln
    Revs 27.4 mln vs 38.3 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11979>
Linear Films Inc said its fourth
quarter earnings for the period ended March 31, will be lower
than the 1,235,000 dlrs or 19 cts a share reported in the
year-ago quarter on sales of 11.8 mln dlrs.
    The company attributed the lower earnings to narrowing
profit margins on stretch film.
    Linear also said it is increasing its stretch film prices
by six pct effective April 15.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11980>
Shr three cts vs six cts
    Net 54,965 vs 106,147
    Revs 2,124,983 vs 1,915,928
    Avg shrs 2,206,017 vs 1,878,438
    Year
    Shr 14 cts vs eight cts
    Net 302,388 vs 157,690
    Revs 7,952,360 vs 7,495,936
    Avg shrs 2,139,991 vs 2,051,178
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11983>
Georgia-Pacific Corp said its second
quarter results will include a gain of 60 mln dlrs pre-tax, or
34 cts per share after-tax, from the sale of its interest in
&lt;Georgia Gulf Corp>.
    The company said it is selling warrants for about 1.8 mln
shares of Georgia Gulf common stock to Goldman Sachs and Co in
connection with the 4.8 mln share offering of Georgia Gulf.
    It said it received the warrants when it agreed to sell its
commmodity chemical operations to Georgia Gulf in 1984.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11990>
Shr loss 4.87 dlrs vs profit 16 cts
    Net loss 50,422,000 vs profit 1,788,000
    Revs 113.4 mln vs 173.7 mln
    Note: Current year figures include 33.3 mln dlr after-tax
writedown of land and improvements, a 5.6 mln dlr increase in
allowance for doubtful accounts and after-tax gain of three mln
dlrs on debt retirement.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11993>
Shr profit one ct vs loss nine cts
    Net profit 177,061 vs loss 1,364,878
    Revs 5,913,334 vs 487,121
    Avg shrs 18.6 mln vs 15.9 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11994>
Qtly div six cts vs six cts prior
    Pay April 23
    Record April Nine
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12001>
Qtly div 30 cts vs 30 cts prior
    Pay April 27
    Record April 13
    NOTE: Company's full name is Republic Savings and Loan
Association of Wisconsin.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12005>
Oper net 94.4 mln vs 74.1 mln
    Revs 1.3 bilion vs 1.2 billion
    NOTE: THL is parent to SCOA Industries Inc, acquired in a
leveraged buyout in December 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12014>
Shr 39 cts vs 26 cts
    Net 3,466,000 vs 1,913,000
    Revs 27.7 mln vs 19.4 mln
    Note: period ended February 28. REUTER
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12017>
Oper shr loss 4.71 dlrs vs loss 14.09 dlrs
    Oper loss 22 mln vs loss 67.2 mln
    NOTE: 1986 loss excludes gain on the sale of Gold Lance
Corp of 12.1 mln dlrs. Company is operating under chapter 11.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12022>
Shr 12 cts vs 33 cts
    Net 699,037 vs 1,349,077
    Year
    Shr 54 cts vs 55 cts
    Net 2,748,280 vs 1,833,766
    NOTE: Per shr amounts reported after preferred stock
dividend requirements.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12031>
Shr loss 34 cts vs loss 2.14 dlrs
    Net loss 2,275,000 vs loss 9,560,000
    Revs 17.0 mln vs 19.9 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 49 cts vs loss 2.11 dlrs
    Net loss 2,661,000 vs loss 9,283,000
    Revs 73.5 mln vs 93.6 mln

    NOTE: Results have been restated to reflects equity
investment in WellTech Inc for one month ended Dec 31, 1986 and
its investment in American Well Servicing for the 11 months
ended Nov 30, 1986 and full year 1985.
    1986 and 1985 net include loss of 3,512,000 dlrs and
5,944,000 dlrs, respectively, for equity in WellTech and
predecessor operations.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12033>
Oper shr loss 1.99 dlr vs loss 4.88 dlrs
    Oper net loss 29.1 mln vs 70.8 mln
    Revs 34.8 mln vs 84.8 mln
    NOTE: 1986 and 1985 oper net excludes a loss of 5.5 mln
dlrs or 37 cts a share and 64.6 mln dlrs or 4.43 dlrs a share,
respectively, for discontinued operations.
    1986 net also excludes a gain of 66.4 mln dlrs or 4.50 dlrs
a share for credit on debt restructuring.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12035>
Shr loss 72 cts vs loss 1.57 dlr
    Net loss 1,526,359 vs loss 3,315,834
    Revs 8,032,798 vs 7,276,517
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12036>
Semi div three cts vs three cts prior
    Pay June 12
    Record May 15
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12042>
Shr two cts vs 29 cts
    Net 23,000 vs 338,000
    Revs 20.2 mln vs 21.5 mln
    Six mths
    Shr 64 cts vs 97 cts
    Net 741,000 vs 1,113,000
    Revs 43.2 mln vs 44.3 mln
    NOTE: 1986 2nd qtr and six mths ended March one.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12044>
Diamond Shamrock Corp, which will split
this month into two separate companies, expects to show
improved earnings in 1987 over last year, executives of the new
company told Reuters.
    Charles Blackburn, president and chief executive officer of
Diamond Shamrock and the new company, which will emphasize
exploration and production, said, "Earnings wil be better than
in 1986." He declined to say how much better.
    In 1986 Diamond Shamrock reported a loss of 115.6 mln dlrs
on total revenues of 2.543 billion dlrs. Exploration and
production lost 18.5 mln dlrs on revenues of 593.5 mln dlrs.
    Roger Hemminghaus, Diamond Shamrock vice president and
soon-to-be chief executive of the spin-off Diamond Shamrock
Refining and Marketing Co, said, "Refining and marketing is a
margin business. The margins will return and this will be a
better year than 1986."
    In 1986, refining and marketing showed operating profits of
40.1 mln dlrs on revenues of 1.636 billion dlrs.
    "We are also expecting to be in the black in the first
quarter (1987)," Heminghaus added. In the first quarter of 1986,
the refining and marketing segment showed a loss of 27.1 mln
dlrs on revenues of 492.1 mln dlrs.
   
    The executives were in New york for meetings with
institutional investors aimed at increasing interest in the
company's stock.
    On the New York Stock Exchange, Diamond Shamrock was
trading at 16-1/4, down 1/4.
    Earlier this year, T. Boone Pickens offered 15 dlrs a share
for Diamond Shamrock, and management countered with an offer at
17 dlrs and a decision to split off the refining and marketing
operation to its shareholders.
    "Our advisors convinced us the market would give higher
multiples for pure plays," Blackburn said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12045>
VMS Strategic Land Trust said it
delcared an initial quarterly cash dividend of 30 cts a share,
payable May 15 to shareholders of record April 20.
    The company also said that effective today it will be
trading on the NASDAQ system under the symbol &lt;VLANS>.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12048>
Equicor, Equitable HCA Corp,
said that the company will likely attain revenues in excess of
two billion dlrs in its first year of operations.
    The company, created last October with initial equity of
400 mln dlrs, is owned equally by the Equitable Life Assurance
Society of the U.S. and Hospital Corp of America &lt;HCA>.
    Financial results for the first six months of the company's
operations were not disclosed. Equicor provides employee group
plans to 1,500 corporations nationwide. It said it aims to
double its marketshare in five years from the about 3.5 pct of
the employee benefits industry it controls.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12050>
Atlantic Richfield Co's stock rose
sharply after analyst Eugene Nowak of Dean Witter Reynolds Inc
raised his earnings estmates of the company, traders said.
    ARCO jumped 1-3/4 to 81-3/4.
    Nowak said that based on an average oil price of 17 dlrs a
barrel in 1987, the company should earn about 4.50 dlrs a
share. Next year, based on an average oil price of 18 dlrs a
barrel, ARCO should earn about five dlrs a share. The company
earned 3.38 dlrs a share in 1986. "If oil prices should rise to
an average of 20 dlrs a barrel," he said, "ARCO could record
earnings of 6.50 dlrs a share.
    Nowak said his increased estimates come after the company
told analysts yesterday that its first quarter earnings will
comfortably cover its quarterly dividend requirement of one dlr
a share.
    Nowak said, "The company has done an outstanding job
reducing expenses, and ARCO is poised to generate greater
earnings power." He said first quarter earnings will likely
exceed the company's expectations stated yesterday and be in
the 1.15-1.20 dlr-a-share range.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12059>
Barnes Group said it expects
sales and net income for 1987 will be up slightly over 1986.
    Without supplying specific figures, Barnes told
shareholders at its annual meeting it expected net income to
improve at a rate exceeding its growth in sales, which was two
pct higher than 1985.
    The company said it recorded income from continuing
operations of 16.6 mln dlrs, or 2.57 dlrs per share, on sales
of 440 mln dlrs in 1986. It said it recorded income from
continuing operations of 16.4 mln dlrs, or 2.27 dlrs per share,
in the previous year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12061>
SHr two cts vs one cts
    Net 116,843 vs 41,400
    Revs 17.3 mln vs 12.3 mln
    Nine months
    SHr 15 cts vs 10 cts
    Net 639,448 vs 301,000
    REvs 37.6 mln vs 35.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12063>
Shr seven cts vs 10 cts
    Net 127,000 vs 168,100
    Revs 2,807,400 vs 3,042,900
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12064>
Mthly div 15 cts vs 15 cts prior
    Pay April 30, May 29, June 24
    Record April 15, May 15, June 10
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12067>
Qtly div class A two cts vs two cts prior
    Qtly div class B one ct vs one ct prior
    Pay April 17
    Record April 10
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12077>
Shr loss 58 cts vs loss nil
    Net loss 2.9 mln vs loss 17,818
    Revs 5.0 mln vs 7.4 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 45 cts vs profit four cts
    Net loss 2.0 mln vs profit 174,562
    REvs 28.5 mln vs 25.2 mln
   
    NOTE:1986 4th qtr loss includes loss of 2.2 mln dlrs from
discontinuance of operations. 1985 4th qtr includes loss of
79,395 dlrs from discontinued operations.
    1986 4th qtr includes 3.5 mln dlr provision for costs
anticipated in connection with disposal of division and 500,000
dlrs in adjustments related to write-downs. 1985 4th qtr
includes gain of 178,000 dlrs for exchange of telephone
inventory for barter credits.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12078>
Shr loss 16 cts vs profit 23 cts
    Net loss 97,600 vs profit 91,980
    Revs 302,745 vs 359,699
    Avg shrs 621,036 vs 388,536
    Year
    Shr profit seven cts vs profit 36 cts
    Net profit 36,400 vs profit 140,980
    Revs 1,610,286 vs 763,071
    Avg shrs 512,235 vs 388,536
   
    Note: Year-ago net includes extraordinary gains of 33,654
for qtr and 42,654 for the year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12079>
Shr loss 15 cts vs profit nil
    Net loss 392,428 vs profit 1,255
    Revs 6,371,092 vs 3,031,091
    Avg shrs 2,544,000 vs 1,440,000
    Year
    Shr loss 13 cts vs profit seven cts
    Net loss 274,951 vs profit 100,534
    Revs 18.1 mln vs 10.8 mln
    Avg shrs 2,072,153 vs 1,440,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12085>
Shr 81 cts vs 63 cts
    Net 16,900,000 vs 13,100,000
    Revs 152.5 mln vs 118.1 mln
    Year
    Shr 2.59 dlrs vs 1.85 dlrs
    Net 53,700,000 vs 38,100,000
    Revs 526.3 mln vs 404.3 mln
    NOTE: Prior year earnings reflect a three-for-two stock
split distributed in May, 1986
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12098>
Shr two cts vs two cts
    Net 69,831 vs 107,773
    Revs 1,068,905 vs 2,401,518
    Six mths
    Shr three cts vs three cts
    Net 129,649 vs 155,089
    Revs 2,673,141 vs 4,666,104
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12110>
Oper shr 20 cts vs eight cts
    Oper net 1,869,000 vs 957,000
    Revs 41.0 mln vs 22.9 mln
    Year
    Oper shr 52 cts vs 53 cts
    Oper net 5,386,000 vs 5,147,000
    Revs 116.8 mln vs 98.3 mln
    Note: Oper excludes extraordinary reserves related to
arbitration of Iranian claims of 2,062,000 vs 3,200,000 for qtr
and year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12114>
Unit distribution one dlr vs 1.75 dlrs prior
    pay June one
    Record May one
    Note: Prior distribution declared in April 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12115>
Shr loss 53 cts vs loss 55 cts
    Net loss 3,865,000 vs 3,963,000
    Revs 24.2 mln vs 26.8 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 1.21 dlrs vs profit 56 cts
    Net loss 8,758,000 vs profit 4,040,000
    Revs 108.5 mln vs 113.8 mln

    Note: Prior qtr figures include income from discontinued
operations of 10,000 dlrs, gain on disposal of discontinued
operations of 269,000 dlrs, or four cts per share, and
operating loss carryforward gain of 936,000 dlrs, or 13 cts per
share.
    Prior year figures include income from discontinued
operations of 164,000 dlrs, or two cts per share, gain on
disposal of discontinued operation of 3.9 mln dlrs, or 54 cts
per share, and operating loss carryforward gain of 3.7 mln
dlrs, or 48 cts per share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12119>
Qtly div 25 cts vs 25 cts prior
    Pay June one
    Record May 15
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12128>
Qtly div 13 cts vs 13 cts prior
    Pay April 20
    Record April 10
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12149>
Shr loss 2.65 dlrs vs loss 2.31 dlrs
    Net loss 14.3 mln vs loss 12.5 mln
    Revs 2,887,000 vs 5,321,000
    Year
    Shr loss 4.38 dlrs vs loss 2.50 dlrs
    Net loss 23.7 mln vs loss 13.5 mln
    Revs 13.2 mln vs 22.4 mln
    NOTE: 1986 net includes oil and natural gas writedowns of
12.1 mln dlrs in quarter and 19.0 mln dlrs in year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12150>
Shr 51 cts vs one dlr
    Net 25.1 mln vs 46.8 mln
    Sales 1.21 billion vs 1.08 billion
    Note: 1986 excludes extraordinary gain of 1.1 mln dlrs, or
two cts per share, from public issue of affiliate's shares.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12153>
Oper shr 64 cts vs 97 cts
    Oper net 845,000 vs 1,285,000
    Revs 20.0 mln vs 23 mln
    NOTE: 1986 and 1985 oper net excludes gain of 315,000 dlrs
and 585,000 dlrs, respectively, for extraordinary item.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12154>
Shr loss 40 cts vs loss 4.72 dlrs
    Net loss 3,321,000 vs loss 42.0 mln
    Revs 4,002,000 vs 7,788,000
    Avg shrs 9,168,522 vs 8,974,355
    Year
    Shr loss 4.20 dlrs vs loss 4.71 dlrs
    Net loss 37.2 mln vs loss 41.1 mln
    Revs 18.4 mln vs 34.1 mln
    Avg shrs 9,168,522 vs 8,991,184
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12155>
County Savings Bank said
its board declared a five pct stock dividend, payable April 10
to shareholders of record today.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12159>
BankAmerica Corp said it completed
the sale of its Consumer Trust Services division to Well Fargo
and Co &lt;WFC>, a transaction that will result in a second
quarter pre-tax gain of more than 75 mln dlrs.
    The sale will not affect the services the bank will
continue providing to institutional customers through its
Employee Benefit Trust Services Division, BankAmerica also
said.
    In a separate announcement, Wells Fargo said the
acquisition will increase the amount of personal trust assets
it administers to 25 billion dlrs.
    Last December BankAmerica and Wells Fargo announced a
definitive agreement on the sale at a price of about 100 mln
dlrs, subject to adjustment.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12163>
Shr loss three cts vs profit 16 cts
    Net loss 119,000 vs profit 637,000
    Revs 17.5 mln vs 15.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12166>
Oper shr loss two cts vs loss 13 cts
    Oper net loss 236,000 vs loss 1,131,000
    Revs 26.6 mln vs 26.3 mln
    Year
    Oper shr profit two cts vs loss 15 cts
    Oper net profit 286,000 vs loss 1,292,000
    Revs 105.3 mln vs 95.3 mln
    NOTE: Net excludes discontinued operations gain 20,000 dlrs
vs loss 1,291,000 dlrs in quarter and gain 60,000 dlrs vs loss
1,590,000 dlrs in year.
    Net excludes extraordinary loss 38,000 dlrs vs gain
1,941,000 dlrs in quarter and gains 162,000 dlrs vs 1,941,000
dlrs in year.
    1986 net both periods includes writedowns of 290,000 dlrs
of oil-related seismic data.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12169>
Shr loss eight cts vs profit four cts
    Net loss 365,430 vs profit 165,508
    Revs 5,577,244 vs 4,643,803
    NOTE: 1986 net includes nonrecurring expenses of 408,518
dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12176>
Shr loss six cts vs loss 76 cts
    Net loss 343,748 vs loss 4.0 mln
    Revs 5.1 mln vs 4.8 mln
    Year
    Shr profit 12 cts vs loss 1.45 dlr
    Net profit 611,784 vs loss 7.7 mln
    Revs 21.6 mln vs 19.7 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12182>
Shr loss five cts vs profit eight cts
    Net loss 152,000 vs profit 214,000
    Revs 6.2 mln vs 2.4 mln
    Year
    Shr profit 22 cts vs profit 33 cts
    Net profit 809,000 vs 853,000
    Revs 22.4 mln vs 7.9 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12184>
Qtly div 32 cts vs 32 cts prior
    Pay May 15
    Record May One
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12185>
Qtrly div 11 cts vs 11 cts
    Pay April 21
    Record April 10
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12187>
4th qtr
    Shr 14 cts vs 14 cts
    Net 210,000 vs 211,000
    Revs 230,000 vs 229,000
    Year
    Shr 56 cts vs 56 cts
    Net 838,000 vs 841,000
    Revs 919,000 vs 919,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12201>
Nissan Motor Co Ltd of Japan said it
expects that it was profitable in the second half ended
yesterday after a first half operating loss of 17 billion yen.
    Nissan chief financial officer Atsushi Muramatsu, in a
speech before an automotive seminar, said he attributed the
improvement to cost reductions and rationalizations of
operations.
    He said if exchange rates stabilize, Nissan will have a
strong profit recovery in fiscal 1988 and profits for fiscal
1989 better than those before the yen started advancing.
    Muramatsu said Nissan is studying the possibility of
setting up its own finance company to improve access to U.S.
and European capital markets.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12202>
(Geoffrion Leclerc Inc), in reporting
sharply higher earnings for the six months ended February 28,
said it expects third quarter results to continue at a strong
pace and approximate the preceding quarters.
    The brokerage firm earlier reported six month profit rose
to 3.5 mln dlrs from 1.9 mln dlrs last year. It did not detail
second quarter profit.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12204>
Shr 41 cts vs 17 cts
    Net 8,824,000 vs 4,555,000
    Revs 301.9 mln vs 196.4 mln
    Avg shrs 17,644,000 vs 16,085,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12207>
Shr 41 cts vs 17 cts
    Net 8,824,000 vs 4,555,000
    Revs 301.9 mln vs 196.4 mln
    NOTE: Housing backlog 135 mln dlrs, up over 33 pct from a
year earlier.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12211>
Shr 47 cts vs 56 cts
    Net 73.0 mln vs 85.0 mln
    Revs 1.89 billion vs 1.69 billion
    NOTE: figures reflect the merger of Sea-Land Corp completed
Feb 11, 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12216>
Southern New England Telecommunications
Corp, SNET, said it expects to have good earnings in 1987
against 4.46 dlrs per share or 139.2 mln dlrs in 1986.
    The company also said it expects capital spending to rise
to about 355 mln dlrs in 1987, up from 289 mln dlrs a year ago.
    However, senior vice president of finance Daniel Miglio
told a meeting of analysts that there was some uncertainty in
its earnings outlook because SNET is currently involved in
negotiations with state regulators on its rate of return on
equity which currently stands at 16.2 pct.
    The company also said it expects its SNET Systems business,
which is composed of some of its non-regulated businesses, to
be profitable by the end of the year.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12227>
Qtly div 10 cts vs 10 cts prior
    Pay April 24
    Record April 14
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12231>
Shr 54 cts vs 40 cts
    Net 11,105,000 vs 8,310,000
    Sales 282.7 mln vs 290.3 mln
    Avg shrs 20,599,000 vs 20,760,000
    NOTE: Per-share results restated for May 1986 three-for-two
stock split
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12237>
Toll Brothers Inc said it
declared a two-for-one split of its common stock and said it
filed a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange
Commission for a proposed public offering of 5,700,000 shares
of common as adjusted for the split.
    The record date for the split is April 10, and certificates
representing the additional shares will be mailed April 20.
    The company said its stock price will be adjusted to
reflect the split on April 21.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12239>
Shr loss 22 cts vs loss 20 cts
    Net loss 2,127,334 vs loss 1,629,432
    Revs 1,306,658 vs 1,091,023
    Avg shrs 9.7 mln vs 8 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 36 cts vs loss 35 cts
    Net loss 3,519,251 vs loss 2,805,569
    Revs 5,081,953 vs 4,410,954
    Avg shrs 9.8 mln vs 8.1 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12240>
Oper shr 29 cts vs eight cts
    Oper net 222,143 vs 76,605
    Revs 4,872,279 vs 3,276,404
    12 mths
    Oper shr 17 cts vs 28 cts
    Oper net 111,280 vs 301,623
    Revs 13.9 mln vs 11.1 mln
    NOTE: 1986 yr figures excludes extraordinary item of
574,363 dlrs, or 60 cts per share, for termination of its non
contributory pension plan.
    1985 yr figures excludes 537,950 dlrs, or 42 cts per share,
representing insurance proceeds from a fire that occurrred in
1983.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12244>
Shr loss 33 cts vs nil
    Net loss 603,430 vs profit 4,295
    Revs 748,628 vs 5,730
    NOTE: Per-share results give retroactive effect to
one-for-50 reverse stock split in March 1987
    1986 loss includes recurring expenses of 317,062 dlrs
related to acquisitions and initial advertising campaigns
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12255>
Shr loss 27 cts vs loss 81 cts
    Net loss 998,764 vs loss 1,491,590
    Revs 2,712,614 vs 1,237,850
    Avg shrs 3,727,063 vs 1,838,294
    Year
    Shr loss 1.79 dlr vs loss 2.11 dlrs
    Net loss 4,559,004 vs loss 3,882,235
    Revs 8,510,004 vs 3,720,640
    Avg shrs 2,544,271 vs 1,838,294
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12258>
Oper shr loss 1.10 dlrs vs loss 8.63 dlrs
    Oper net loss 5.1 mln vs loss 42.1 mln
    Revs 23.1 mln vs 63.3 mln
    Year
    Oper shr loss 4.71 dlrs vs loss 14.09 dlrs
    Oper net loss 22.0 mln vs loss 67.2 mln
    Revs 114.6 mln vs 221.8 mln
    Avg shrs 4,910,330 vs 4,851,650
    NOTE: Current year excludes gain of 12.1 mln dlrs from
disposal of discontinued operations.
    Shr figures after preferred dividend requirements.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12266>
Shr 2.02 dlrs vs 1.94 dlrs
    Net 14.7 mln vs 13.9 mln
    Revs 265.6 mln vs 235.1 mln
    Year
    Shr 2.83 dlrs vs 3.36 dlrs
    Net 20.7 mln vs 24.1 mln
    Revs 739.1 mln vs 686.9 mln
    NOTE: Current year includes loss equal to 12 cts/shr from
takeover defense and loss of 13 cts from loss of investment tax
credits.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12271>
Shr loss 3.31 dlrs vs profit 94 cts
    Net loss 6,073,000 vs profit 1,823,000
    Revs 58.9 mln vs 69.2 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12288>
Strawbridge and Clothier said its
board declared a seven pct stock dividend, payable May 14 to
holders of record April 14.
    Earlier, the company reported net income of 20.7 mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12294>
Shr profit 12 cts vs loss 49 cts
    Net profit 117,000 vs loss 506,000
    Revs 1.1 mln vs 1.2 mln
    Year
    Shr profit seven cts vs loss 89 cts
    Net profit 66,000 vs loss 921,000
    Revs 4.4 mln vs 3.9 mln
    NOTE:1986 reflects tax benefit of 24,000. 1985 reflects tax
benefit of 186,000 for quarter and 573,000 for year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12296>
period ended February 28
    Shr 26 cts vs 14 cts
    Net 28.4 mln vs 15.2 mln
    Revs 305.7 mln vs 179.6 mln
    Six mths
    Shr 50 cts vs 28 cts
    Net 54.6 mln vs 30.3 mln
    Revs 586.2 mln vs 359.8 mln
    Avg shrs 100,362,000 vs 91,360,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12301>
Three for two stock split
    Pay and record date subject to shareholder confirmation May
four
    Qtly dividend 5-1/4 cts vs four cts
    Pay May 15
    Record May one
    Note: dividends declared on pre-split shares.
    Laidlaw Transportation Ltd
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12304>
Qtly div 72 cts vs 70 cts prior
    Payable June 10
    Record May 15
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12306>
Shr 39 cts vs 31 cts
    Net 232,991 vs 198,185
    Revs 2.9 mln vs 2.3 mln
    Year
    Shr 2.20 dlrs vs 1.12 dlrs
    Net 1.3 mln vs 715,113
    Revs 11.3 mln vs 10.1 mln
    NOTE:1986 revs includes 260,000 dlr finder's fee , net
includes 112,000 gain from sale of securities, 115,000
dividends, 78,000 dlrs from lease recalculations.
    1985 revs includes 700,000 finder's fee and 75,000 gain
from sale of asset.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12317>
Gencorp Inc said its board took no
action with respect to a two pct stock dividend at its annual
meeting yesterday due to the press of other business,
specifically the company's pending takeover offer by General
Acquisition Corp, formed by AFG industries inc and Wagner and
brown.
    A spokesman said the two pct stock dividend, normally
issued everly year, was not issued in February because the
company was examining other dividend alternatives. Management
said it would give consideration to this matter at a later
time.
   Yesterday, the company's chairman, A. William Reynolds, told
shareholders he would be presenting an alternative to the 100
dlrs a share takeover offer within a week.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12318>
J.P. Morgan and Co Inc, parent of
Morgan Guaranty Trust Co of New York, said that it will place
1.3 billion dlrs of medium- and long-term loans to Brazil on a
non-accrual basis, matching similar action by BankAmerica Corp
&lt;BAC> earlier today.
    The move, which follows Brazil's suspension of interest
payments on 68 billion dlrs of commercial bank debt on February
20, is expected to reduce first quarter net income by about 20
mln dlrs, of which four mln dlrs represents interest accrued
prior to 1987 but still uncollected, the bank said.
    Morgan earned 233.9 mln dlrs in the first quarter of 1986.
    Morgan also said that, based on current interest rates and
assuming cash interest payments are not received for the rest
of the year, 1987 net income would be reduced by about 72 mln
dlrs. 1986 net income was 872.5 mln dlrs.
    Although U.S. banks do not have to put loans on nonaccrual
until they are over 90 days past due, Morgan said some of the
loans affected by the Brazil payment freeze may reach the
90-day limit during the second and third quarters.
    Morgan said it assumes talks between Brazil and commercial
bank lenders will proceed "expeditiously" and interest payments
will resume at the earliest practicable date.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12334>
Shr three cts vs seven cts
    Net 52.1 mln vs 112,713
    Revs 5.1 mln vs 4.4 mln
    Six months
    Shr five cts vs 15 cts
    Net 75,605 vs 244,119
    Revs 9.5 mln vs 9.5 mln
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12341>
Shr loss 1.92 dlrs vs profit five cts
    Net loss 5.6 mln vs profit 136,598
    Revs 1.4 mln vs. 2.5 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 3.81 dlrs vs profit 21 cts
    Net loss 10.8 mln vs profit 435,176
    Revs 7.6 mln vs 9.4 mln
    NOTE:1986 4th qtr includes write-off of about 373,000 dlrs
or 13 cts and writdown of assets of 4.0 mln dlrs. 1986 year
includes 4.1 mln dlrs 1st qtr writedown.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12346>
Shr six cts vs three cts
    Net 1.7 mln vs 3.1 mln
    Revs 187.3 mln vs 129.7 mln
    NOTE:Increase in earnings due to elimination of preferred
dividend requirements.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12351>
Shr loss 3.51 dlrs vs loss 6.14 dlrs
    Net loss 3.2 mln vs loss 6.6 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 2.38 dlrs vs loss 5.17 dlrs
    Net loss 692,872 vs loss 4.5 mln
    NOTE:1986 loss includes loss of 301,000 for discontinued
oeprations vs a loss of 5.5 mln dlrs net of a 1.4 mln credit in
1985. 1985 4th qtr includes loss of 3.5 mln dlrs for
discontinued operations. share amts relfect dividend
requirements.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12352>
Shr 86 cts vs 79 cts
    Net 4,042,000 vs 3,549,000
    Revs 59.7 mln vs 47.3 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12353>
Shr loss 27 cts vs loss 2.27 dlrs
    Net profit 2,150,000 vs loss 14,700,000
    Revs 121.3 mln vs 69.8 mln
    Note: shr after payment of preferred stock dividends
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12362>
Shr loss 42 cts vs loss five cts
    Net loss 4.0 mln vs loss 446,000
    Revs 58.9 mln vs 70.3 mln
    NOTE:1986 net includes gain of 40 cts from discontinued
operations. 1985 net includes gain of 22 cts from discontinued
operations.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12364>
Qtr ended March 14.
    Shr profit 32 cts vs loss 1.30 dlrs
    Net profit 2,704,000 vs loss 7,589,000
    Rev 105.2 mln vs 82.3 mln
    NOTE: Qtr net includes extraordinary gain of 1.1 mln dlrs.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12379>
Shr loss 26 cts vs profit eight cts
    net loss 2.8 mln vs profit 897,000
    Revs 27.0 mln vs 30.0 mln
    Nine months
    Shr loss 51 cts vs profit 46 cts
    Net loss 5.4 mln vs profit 4.9 mln
    Revs 88.4 mln vs 99.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12380>
Shr loss 64 cts vs loss 1.70 dlrs
    Net loss 13.4 mln vs loss 35.6 mln
    REvs 47.9 mln vs 72.1 mln
    NOTE:1985 includes loss of 941,000 from discontinued
operations and 5.8 mln dlrs from disposal of net asset solds.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12382>
Shr loss 56 cts vs loss 71 cts
    Net loss 809,000 vs loss 1.0 mln
    Revs 5.3 mln vs 5.3 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 1.51 dlrs vs profit 61 cts
    Net loss 2.2 mln vs loss 2.3 mln
    Revs 26.5 mln vs 29.1 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12383>
Revlon Group Inc told the Securities
and Exchange Commission it had net profits of 16,465,000 on
sales of 1.61 billion dlrs for the year ended Dec. 31, 1986.
    Revlon in a filing with the SEC compared the results to the
five months ending Dec. 31, 1985. In that period, it lost 28.4
mln dlrs on sales of 262.4 mln dlrs.
    Earlier today, MacAndrews and Forbes Group Inc began an
18.50 dlr a share cash offer for all common stock of Revlon it
does not own. Revlon today rose 3/8 to 19-1/4 in active
trading. MacAndrews controls 31.8 pct of the voting power.

    For 1986, Revlon said the loss applicable to common stock
after preferred dividends is 9.5 mln dlrs. The net loss per
share was 24 cts, compared to a net loss of 99 cts per share
last year.
    Revlon said it had a 1986 operating profit of 64.3 mln
dlrs, compared to a loss of 13.3 mln dlrs in the year earlier
period.
    The 1986 net includes a provision for estimated loss on
dispositions of 57.0 mln dlrs, compared to 15.1 mln dlrs the
year earlier. Earnings in 1986 before extraordinary items were
7.4 mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12389>
Manufacturers Hanover Corp said it
placed 1.4 billion dlrs of medium- and long-term loans to
Brazilian borrowers on non-accrual as of yesterday, meaning
that income will be recorded only when actual cash payments are
received.
    As a result, net income for the first quarter will be
reduced by 18 mln dlrs.
    If Brazil, which suspended interest payments on its term
debt on February 20, continues to defer interest payments for
the rest of the year, net income for the whole of 1987 would be
reduced by a total of 72 mln dlrs.
    U.S. bank accounting guidelines do not require loans to be
placed on nonaccrual unless interest payments are past due 90
days or more.  However, Manufacturers Hanover said that, in
light of current circumstances, it was more appropriate to
record income on its Brazilian loans only when cash payments
were received.
    It added that it believes Brazil will reach agreement with
its banks on a debt restructuring and that all interest
payments will be received later in 1987.
    The company earned 102.1 mln dlrs in first-quarter 1986 and
410.7 mln dlrs for the whole of the year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12391>
Shr loss 15.29 dlrs vs loss 2.80 dlrs
    Net loss 221.3 mln vs loss 40.4 mln
    Revs 146.3 mln vs 260.7 mln
    Note: 1986 loss includes extraordinary loss of 171.6 mln
dlrs or 11.85 dlrs shr related to writedown of certain
petrochemical assets and reduced by tax gain of 4.2 mln dlrs or
28 cts shr.
    1985 results restated.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12394>
Deutsche Bank AG &lt;DBKG.F> has seen a
slow start to 1987 after posting record profits in 1986,
management board joint spokesman F. Wilhelm Christians said.
    Credit business declined in the first few weeks of the
year, and the interest margin was squeezed further. The weak
German bourse saw earnings on commission fall sharply, and
trading in securities also fell. But earnings from currency
dealing were still satisfactory, he told a news conference.
    Deutsche group partial operating profits rose to 3.78
billion marks in 1986 from 2.92 billion in 1985 on a balance
sheet of 257.22 billion marks after 237.23 billion.
    Profits were swollen by earnings from the placement of the
former Flick group, which have been estimated at some one
billion marks, and from record profits in trading on the bank's
own account, not included in partial operating profits.
    Earnings from the Flick transaction were booked through a
subsidiary, and therefore showed up as part of the interest
surplus in a section current earnings from securities and
participations.
    In the group this nearly doubled to 2.64 billion marks from
1.45 billion.
    As usual the bank did not detail total operating profits.
    But it said that total operating profits, including own
account trading, rose 24.9 pct or 4.5 pct without the Flick
transaction in the group, and 35.1 pct or seven pct in the
parent bank.
    Banking analysts said this put group total operating
profits at some 6-1/2 to seven billion marks, and parent bank
operating profits at over five billion marks.
    Christians said Deutsche used the extraordinary earnings
from Flick to pay a record five mark bonus on top of its
unchanged 12 mark dividend.
    The bank had decided against raising the dividend itself
because of the uncertain business outlook at the end of 1986,
and developments so far this year showed that was correct,
Christians said.
    West German banks rarely raise dividends unless they are
sure they can maintain the increased payout in subsequent
years, preferring to use bonuses for one-of profits.
    The bank also used its extraordinary earnings to continue a
high level of risk provision, Christians said.
    Disclosed group risk provisions rose to 867 mln marks in
1986 from 765 mln in 1985.
    Under German law, disclosed provisions do not necessarily
reflect the full amount of risk provisions.
    Management board joint spokesman Alfred Herrhausen said
Deutsche's total debt exposure to problem countries had fallen
to over six billion marks in 1986 from 7.4 billion in 1985
because of the fall in the dollar.
    He agreed with a questioner who asked if over two thirds of
such problem country debt had been written off.
    Deutsche Bank posted a sharp rise in holdings of "other
securities," to 4.64 billion marks from 2.71 billion in the
parent bank.
    Christians said this 1.93-billion-mark rise was partly due
to its increased activity in international share placements,
with some shares such as those from Fiat SpA's international
placement last year remaining on its books.
    Herrhausen said that no concrete measures were planned to
place these shares and conclude the original placement.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12397>
Singapore's major banks are
diversifying and gradually shifting their asset holdings from
loans to debt instruments, banking sources said.
    The banks following the trend are the &lt;Overseas Union Bank
Ltd>, &lt;United Overseas Bank Ltd>, &lt;Oversea-Chinese Banking
Corporation> and the &lt;Development Bank of Singapore Ltd>.
    The shift towards securitisation has been helped by
volatile financial markets which have developed hedging
facilities such as floating rate notes and bonds for risk
management, said Overseas Union General Manager Loh Hoon Sun.
    Loh told Reuters in an interview that Singapore banks see
limited growth in credit risk. More and more of them are
switching from term lending to major growth areas such as
stockbroking and fee based income, he said.
    Major local banks ventured into stockbroking after being
granted seats on the stock exchange. Bankers said they are now
moving into the new government securities market and the Stock
Exchange of Singapore Dealing and Quotation System.
    One foreign banker said the Development Bank and the
Overseas Union Bank Ltd have become major players in the equity
market in Singapore.
    Loh said the banks' participation in the stock market has
increased business transactions and provided long term growth
for the market. The banks are not competition for individual
stockbroking firms because of the increased business they
generate, he added.
    Loh said the Stock Exchange of Singapore might expand
equity issues by as much as one billion dlrs this year because
of the increasing ability of foreign and local market
participants to absorb new issues.
    Loh said &lt;OUB Investment management Ltd>, a subsidiary of
the Overseas Union Bank Ltd, has teamed up with a U.K. Firm to
launch the Union Global Fund. The fund is for local investors
seeking capital growth through a diversified international
portfolio. It will invest in international shares with the
emphasis on U.S. And Japanese markets, he said.
    &lt;DBS Securities Singapore Pte Ltd>, a subsidiary of the
Development Bank of Singapore, has applied to the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange to set up a Hong Kong stockbroking firm.
    Loh predicted fixed deposit and prime interest rates in
Singapore will stay low this year. As a result, banks will be
forced to provide fund management services for major clients
seeking better returns, he said.
    Economic analysts and bankers are optimistic the major
banks will show profits in 1987, helped by higher income from
treasury and investment banking activities.
    They expect the 1987 after-tax profits of Oversea-Chinese
and United Overseas to show stable growth of four to eight pct
against respective gains of four and seven pct in 1986.
    Overseas Union's profits are expected to jump to over 40
mln dlrs from seven mln dlrs in 1986, economists said.
    The Development Bank's after-tax profits rose 39.2 pct in
1986 mainly due to a dividend of 20.4 mln dlrs paid by
&lt;National Discount Company Ltd> before it became a subsidiary
of the bank, they said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12400>
The &lt;Sanwa Bank Ltd's> three-year business
plan foresees securities and international operations making a
greater contribution to operating profits, a bank official
said.
    The bank's plan also emphasises retail and medium and
small-sized business operations, he told Reuters.
    Officials at &lt;Fuji Bank Ltd> and &lt;Mitsubishi Bank Ltd>
outlined similar three-year plans.
    They said lower interest rates and financial liberalisation
have cut profits from dealings with big firms to nearly
nothing.
    "They don't need us, they can do their own financing," one
official said.
    Sanwa Bank's plan forecasts that securities and
international operations will contribute 40 pct of total
operating profits by the end of the fiscal year ending March,
1990, compared with 30 pct in fiscal 1985, the Sanwa official
said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12432>
Chemicals group Bayer
AG &lt;BAYG.F> said it expects to post another good result in 1987
after raising pre-tax profit to a new record high in 1986.
    The company said that this was despite the mark's further
strengthening against the dollar and other currencies and
despite an increase in competitive pressure.
    "The further progress of our business will depend largely on
the extent to which threats to free trade materialise and on
the developments of exchange rates, raw material and energy
costs.
    Bayer said world group pre-tax profit rose to 3.30 billion
marks in 1986, exceeding the previous year's record of 3.15
billion. Parent company pre-tax profit increased to 1.72
billion from 1.62 billion.
    The company gave no net profit figures or any indication of
the likely 1986 dividend. Bayer paid a 10-mark dividend on 1985
results, up one mark from a year earlier.
    Bayer said that world group operating profit declined
slightly in 1986 against 1985 but non-operating results showed
a further improvement.
    Bayer said that the decline in world group turnover to
40.75 billion marks from 45.93 billion in 1985 reflected mainly
the sharp fall in the dollar against the mark.
    Lower prices on the raw material side had also brought
pressure on selling prices, it added.
    In volume terms, however, 1986 sales rose slightly against
1985, the company said without giving details.
    "The western Europe, North America and Far East regions
developed well in local currency, but here too the translation
of local currency sales into marks distorted the picture,
especially in the case of North America," it said.
    Bayer said parent company volume sales were also higher in
1986, although turnover fell 4.3 pct to 16.77 billion marks.
    Capacity use was high at the parent company in 1986,
resulting in a decline in marginal unit costs. This, combined
with savings in raw material and energy costs, helped offset
falling prices and cost increases in other areas.
    The rise in pre-tax parent company profit was due to lower
extraordinary expenses and higher net interest income.
Plastics, organic chemicals, polyurethanes and coating raw
materials all developed well, it said.
    Turning to the 1986 fourth quarter, Bayer said that world
group turnover fell to 9.67 billion marks in the last three
months of 1986 from 10.43 billion in the same 1985 period.
    Parent company turnover in the fourth quarter fell 7.1 pct
to 3.69 billion marks, with domestic turnover 4.1 pct lower and
foreign turnover 8.6 pct lower.
    Exports accounted for 65.3 pct of turnover in the quarter
against 66.4 pct in the same quarter of 1985.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12463>
&lt;Koninklijke
Nederlandsche Hoogovens en Staalfabrieken NV> said it expected
a "clear loss" for 1987.
     The company reported its 1986 profits were 44 pct lower at
154.6 mln guilders than in the year before.
     Turnover was 18 pct lower than in 1985.
     The main reason fo the fall in turnover was the lower rate
of the dollar, the company said. The lower costs for raw
materials and energy, resulting from the lower dollar, could
not compensate the fall in revenues.
     Costs 5.61 billion guilders vs 6.66 billion
     Depreciation 457 mln vs 493 mln
     Operating profit 375 mln vs 598 mln
     Financial charges 155.1 mln vs 169.4 mln
     Extraordinary loss 12 rpt 12 mln vs 138 mln
     Crude steel production five mln tonnes vs 5.3 mln
     Aluminium production 96,000 tonnes vs same.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12487>
International Technology corp
said it expects to report a loss for the fourth quarter ended
March 31 of about 20 cts per share, compared with a
year-earlier profit of 11 cts.
    The company blamed the expected loss on regulatory and
permitting issues that limited the full utilization of
hazardous waste treatment cites in Califoirnia, continued
startup delays for major remediation projects, the writeoff of
an investment in a subsidiary and a settlem,ent with the
California Attorney General's Office and Department of Health
Services.
    The company said the settlement relates to regulatory
violations alleged by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agengy
and the California Health Services department at the company's
Vine Hill and Panoche treatment facilities in Northern
California.
    It said under the agreement, it will pay the state
2,100,000 dlrs in civil penalties over a two-year period and
pay 500,000 dlrs over five years to local medical facilities as
part of a community awareness and emergency response program
developed by local communities.  The expenses will be charged
against fourth quarter results, it said.
    The company said it has agreed as well to make compliance
and public safety capital expenditures of about 600,000 dlrs.
    It said it has now received an operating permit for a new
250,000 cubic yard landfill cell at its Imperial County,
Calif., from the Health Services department.
    The company said the Panoche facility remains closed but is
expected to reopen for liquid and sludge receipts in the near
future.  But it said receipts of solid material, which had
accounted for the majority of the revenue at the site, could be
restricted until 1988 pending resolution of capacity issues in
the Panoche site permit.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12488>
Westdeutsche Landesbank Girozentrale
&lt;WELG.F> said its wholly-owned Luxembourg subsidiary WestLB
International SA posted a decline in 1986 net profit to 12.6
mln marks from 48.5 mln a year earlier.
    WestLB International will pay a 12.5 mln mark dividend to
WestLB, down from 47.7 mln a year earlier.
    The dividend was lower than in 1985 because the record
profit of the previous year could not be repeated, due to
changed market conditions, it said. Increased funds were also
allocated for provisions. Business in the first three months of
1987 developed positively, it added.
    WestLB International set aside 115.3 mln marks for
international credit risks in 1986, up from 97.4 mln marks in
1985, bringing the total amount of provisions shown in the
balance sheet to 580.3 mln marks.
    Operating profit fell to 122 mln marks in 1986 from 150 mln
in 1985. Balance sheet total fell to 9.7 billion marks from
10.8 billion, reflecting the lower dollar and the fact that
credit business redemptions were not fully offset by new
lending.
    The statement said WestLB International's business with
private customers showed a pleasing expansion last year.
    This development was aided by cooperation between the bank
and the savings banks in the West German state of North
Rhine-Westphalia, where parent bank WestLB is based.
    Deposits by non-banks rose more than 40 pct to a total of
1.1 billion.
    WestLB International said it plans to expand its range of
services for private clients.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12505>
Shr 23 cts vs 46 cts
    Net 987,000 vs 1,990,000
    Revs 14.6 mln vs 15.0 mln
    Year
    Shr 89 cts vs 1.32 dlrs
    Net 3,846,000 vs 5,690,000
    Revs 58.1 mln vs 56.6 mln
    
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12506>
Shr loss 85 cts vs loss 1.36 dlrs
    Net loss 1,653,386 vs loss 2,646,876
    Year
    Shr loss 12 cts vs loss 1.30 dlrs
    Net loss 236,469 vs loss 2,522,293
    NOTE: Year net includes realized investment gains of
734,609 dlrs vs 645,438 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12515>
North East Insurance Co said due
to the magnitude of its losses in 1986 and 1985, it may be
found in violation of minimum capital and surplus requirements
by officials in Maine and New York and be subject to sanctions
and administrative actions in those and other states.
    The company today reported a 1986 loss of 236,469 dlrs,
after realized investment gains of 734,609 dlrs, compared with
a 1985 loss of 2,522,293 dlrs, after investment gains of
645,438 dlrs.  Its fourth quarter net loss was 1,653,386 dlrs,
compared with 2,646,876 dlrs.
    The company said its fourth quarter and year losses
resulted from additions to loss reserves.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12516>
Shr profit nil vs loss three cts
    Net profit 140,022 vs loss 882,869
    Revs 13.3 mln vs 8,870,035
    Avg shrs 45.0 mln vs 35.0 mln
    Backlog 1,683,000 vs 978,000
    NOTE: Current year net includes tax credit of 51,000 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12517>
Electromedics Inc said it
expects to take a 150,000 dlr charge against first quarter
results due to the conversion of debentures.
    The company said, however, it expects "positive" operating
comparisons for the period.  Electromedics lost 6,000 dlrs in
last year's first quarter.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12520>
Shr 24 cts vs four cts
    Net 663,000 vs 109,000
    Sales 20.5 mln vs 13.9 mln
    Six mths
    Shr 48 cts vs nine cts
    Net 1,311,000 vs 255,000
    Sales 43.2 mln vs 30.0 mln
    Avg shrs 2,719,205 vs 2,804,048
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12521>
Mellon Bank Corp said it expects
to report a loss for the first quarter in the range of 55 mln
to 65 mln dlrs or 2.13 to 2.15 dlrs a share.
    The company also said it intends to reduce its second
quarter common stock dividend to 35 cts a share from 69 cts.
    Mellon said it will make a provision for loan losses in the
first quarter of 175 mln dlrs, reflecting about 95 mln dlrs in
charge-offs and 80 mln dlrs in additions to the loan-loss
reserve.
    It will also put 310 mln dlrs in Brazilian loans on a cash
basis, resulting in interest reversals of 10 mln dlrs.
    In the first quarter of 1986, Mellon earned 60.4 mln dlrs
or 2.13 dlrs a share.
    Chairman David Barnes said the loan charge-offs and
increased provisions address four areas of concern in the
bank's wholesale lending portfolio - the energy sector,
developing countries, some basic industrial companies and
several commercial real estate businesses.
    Mellon said the loan loss reserve at the end of the first
quarter is estimated to be 575 mln dlrs, or about 2.5 pct of
the loan book, compared with 493.8 mln dlrs or 2.17 pct of
total loans at the end of 1986.
    Mellon said its primary capital ratio at the end of the
first quarter will be in line with the end-1986 figure of 7.23
pct, well in excess of regulatory guidelines.
    Non-performing loans at quarter-end are estimated at 1.45
billion dlrs, or 6.5 pct of the loan portfolio, compared with
928 mln dlrs or 3.94 pct at the end of 1986.
    Barnes noted that Mellon has a bigger involvement in
energy-based lending than many other banks. Because of the lack
of a substantial recovery in energy prices this year,
especially in natural gas prices, it was felt prudent to
increase reserves and take losses on loans in this sector.
    "This action relates both to loans to companies directly
involved in energy, as well as loans to real estate developers,
home builders and financial institutions in the Southwestern
United States," Barnes said.
    As for LDC loans, he said Mellon had removed about 80 mln
dlrs in fully current Argentine loans from cash basis but had
charged off about 20 mln dlrs in private-sector Mexican debt.
    He said Mellon, which was ordered in December to quit
Brazil because of its refusal to renew some short-term credit
lines, expects to participate in efforts to helpt Brazil and
other sovereign borrowers to reschedule their debts.
    Loans to basic industries were not major contributors to
the increase in non-performing assets or to first-quarter
charge offs, but Mellon said it remains concerned about the
absence of a strong recovery in steel and related industries.
    The increase in reserves, the dividend cut and continued
management cost-cutting are aimed at ensuring that Mellon has
the financial strength to deal with current uncertainties,
Barnes said.
    "We cannot predict when the uncertainties that presently
trouble us will end, but we are confident we are managing them
aggressively," he added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12524>
Kloeckner-Werke AG
&lt;KLKG.F> should have turnover this year around 1985/86's 2.4
billion marks though more growth is likely in engineering in
coming years, management board chairman Herbert Gienow said.
    He told a news conference at the trade fair here that by
the mid-1990s turnover should reach between six and seven
billion marks, mainly through acquisitions totalling "several
hundred million marks."
    Kloeckner reported in March higher profits in its
engineering sector which enabled it to raise profits by nearly
a third in the 1985/86 year to 45.2 mln marks from 33.8 mln.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12531>
San Diego Gas and Electric Co said a
California Public Utilities Commission decision to reconsider
allowing only 20 mln dlrs of the 69 mln dlrs in San Onofre
nuclear station costs it disallowed makes it likely that
earnings in 1987 will be reduced at least 36 cts per share.
    The company said if the decision to disallow the other 20
mln dlrs is not changed, earnings would be penalized by another
19 cts.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12550>
General Public Utilities Corp
said its board declared a dividend of 15 cts per share on
common stock, its first dividend since it omitted payment in
February 1980 as a result of the Three Mile Island nuclear
accident in 1979.
    The company said it was able to declare the dividend due to
progress in the cleanup of Three Mile Island Unit Two.
    A company spokesman said GPU expects to continue declaring
dividends on a quarterly basis, with the rate depending on the
progress of the cleanup and on other company operations.
    GPU said the dividend is of "modest size," representing
less than a third of the amount paid as a dividend by the
average electric utility.
    "As the operating companies need to return to the capital
markets for debt and preferred stock, this should tend to
produce lower cost and better terms," the company said.
    The dividend is payable May 29 to holders of record April
24.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12551>
Britton Lee Inc said it
expects to report a loss on lower sales than it had anticipated
for the first quarter.
    The company earned 119,000 dlrs before a 70,000 dlr tax
credit on sales of 7,227,000 dlrs in the year-ago period.
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12559>
Holiday Corp said the New Jersey
Casino Control Commission has approved its recapitalization
plan, providing the final regulatory approval needed.
    The company said it expects to announce next week the
record date for the special 65 dlr per share dividend
shareholders will receive under the plan and to pay the
dividend during the month of April, with the exact timing
depending on the closing of financing arrangements.
    Holiday operates Harrah's Marina Hotel and Casino in
Atlantic City, N.J.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12562>
January 31 end
    Oper shr profit 16 cts vs loss six cts
    Oper net profit 2,879,000 vs loss 958,000
    Revs 41.9 mln vs 24.1 mln
    Avg shrs 18.2 mln vs 15.8 mln
    Year
    Oper shr profit 49 cts vs profit 18 cts
    Oper net profit 8,660,000 vs profit 2,832,000
    Revs 141.8 mln vs 87.5 mln
    Avg shrs 17.8 mln vs 15.8 mln
    NOTE: Net excludes extraordinary tax charge 156,000 dlrs vs
credit 2,257,000 dlrs in quarter and credits 1,041,000 dlrs vs
3,589,000 dlrs in year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12569>
Oper shr loss 11 cts vs loss 36 cts
    Oper net loss 2,383,000 vs loss 4,285,000
    Total income 2,194,000 vs nil
    NOTE: Resultes restated for discontinued operations and
exclude discontinued operations loss 5,755,000 dlrs vs gain
4,933,000 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12570>
Feb 28 end
    Shr nil vs nil
    Net 132,804 vs 53,510
    Revs 2,001,107 vs 1,467,742
    Avg shrs 73.9 mln vs 56.7 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr nil vs nil
    Net 302,316 vs 171,034
    Revs 5,230,014 vs 4,112,562
    Avg shrs 74.4 mln vs 56.7 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12572>
Shr loss one ct vs loss seven cts
    Net profit 108,419 vs loss 241,192
    Revs 2,044,882 vs 317,266
    Year
    Shr loss 18 cts vs loss 23 cts
    Net loss 430,027 vs loss 432,982
    Revs 5,088,065 vs 416,777
    NOTE: Share after preferred dividends.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12573>
&lt;Shell Canada Ltd>, 72 pct
owned by Royal Dutch/Shell Group, anticipates an improved level
of earnings in 1987, assuming a continuation of prices and
margins that existed at the end of 1986 and early 1987, the
company said in the annual report.
    Shell previously reported 1986 operating profit fell to 130
mln dlrs, excluding a 24 mln dlr unusual gain, from 146 mln
dlrs in the prior year.
    The company also said 1987 capital and exploration spending
of 420 mln dlrs will be 160 mln dlrs lower than last year, due
to the uncertain short-term outlook.
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12574>
Utilicorp United Inc said its
management is recommending to the board of directors a
three-for-two stock split and an increase in the quarterly cash
dividend rate, currently at 37 cts per common share.
    The company said it is also submitting to shareholders at
its May 21 annual meeting a proposal authorizing an additional
class of common stock.
    Utilicorp said the board of directors will vote on the
split at its next regularly scheduled board meeting on May 6.
    It added that its semi-annual four pct stock dividend will
not change.
    Utilicorp said the proposal to create a new class of stock,
if approved, will authorize 20 mln shares of Class A common
stock with a par value of one dlr.
    The stock could be issued in various series with terms,
rights and preferences designated by the board in each
instance, Utilicorp said.
    The company said the new stock is intended to enhance
Utilicorp's ability to carry out future financings,
investments, acquisitions or for other corporate purposes.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12579>
American Realty Trust said its board has
set April 3 as the record date for its previously announced
rights offering, and the rights will be issued on April 6 and
expire May 22.
    Shareholders will be able to subscribe for 1.25 shares for
each share held, at a price of 3.75 dlrs per share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12580>
Qtly div 20 cts vs 20 cts prior
    Pay June 1
    Record April 16
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12783>
Shr 8.4 rupees vs seven
    Pretax profit 650.7 mln vs 555.6 mln
    Net profit 390.7 mln vs 325.6 mln
    Sales 8.24 billion vs 7.07 billion
    Div 34 pct vs 30 pct
    Tax 260 mln vs 230 mln
    Dividend payable on June 3
    The company is 51 pct subsidiary of Unilever Plc.The full
name of the company is HINDUSTAN LEVER LTD &lt;HINU.BO>.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12799>
West Germany's chemical
industry fears mounting risks will hurt earnings but hopes 1987
turnover will stabilize around 1986's 140 billion marks, Josef
Strenger, a board member of the industry association VCI, said.
    Strenger, management board chairman of Bayer AG &lt;BAYG.F>,
told a news conference at the Hanover trade fair the main
dangers were stagnation in world trade, the lower dollar as
well as crude oil and commodity prices.
    Prospects of higher operating costs were also seen harming
earnings, he said. Turnover took a considerable downturn at the
start of 1987 after falling 5.9 pct in 1986.
    The chemical industry, which relies heavily on exports, was
badly hit by mark appreciation in 1986 and lower turnover was
mainly due to foreign exchange losses, Strenger said.
    Exports fell 6.4 pct to 72 billion marks in 1986 and
competition from U.S. And British firms increased. Savings from
lower oil and commodity prices were eaten up by price
competition and increased costs.
    Strenger said 1986 operating profits of German chemical
firms were slightly worse than the year before but the improved
financial and balance sheet structure, after three good years,
neutralized the negative impact.
    Strenger said the industry would try to increase production
in the U.S. To make up for lost export possibilities out of
West Germany.
    The lower dollar was the main reason for an 8.3 pct fall in
exports to North America, an 11.4 pct drop to Latin America and
22.6 pct plunge to the Middle East.
    Exports to Western Europe eased 3.5 pct and Far East
exports, due to an economic revival in Japan, dropped 5.2 pct.
    Strenger noted that the industry had lost public confidence
following several cases of chemical pollution of the Rhine late
last year.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12824>
Qtly div eight cts vs eight cts in prior qtr
    Payable April 30
    Record April 15
    Company said its board intends to declare cash dividends
quarterly and plans to pay a five pct stock dividend annually
following the close of each fiscal year. The initial five pct
stock dividend was paid December 22 to holders of record
November 30.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12831>
Hilton Hotels Corp said
its first quarter net income rose 37 pct, paced by strength in
both hotels and gaming.
    Based on preliminary results, the company said, net income
rose to about 24 mln dlrs, or 96 cts a share, from 17.4 mln
dlrs, or 70 cts a share, in 1986's initial three months.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12860>
Oper shr loss 6.07 vs loss 7.64 dlrs
    Oper net loss 6,235,000 vs loss 4,801,000
    Sales 70.1 mln vs 60.6 mln
    Avg shrs 1,028,000 vs 629,000
    NOTE: 1986 earnings exclude a gain on restructuring of
3,143,000 dlrs, or 3.01 dlrs a share
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12862>
Net 90,501 vs 56,960
    Assets 42.0 mln vs 34.9 mln
    Deposits 35.9 mln
    Loans 27.6 mln vs 23.9 mln
    NOTE: earnings per share and 1985 deposits figure  not
supplied by company.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12869>
Shr 18 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 2,133,000 vs 1,384,000
    Revs 14.1 mln vs 11.7 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 49 cts vs 36 cts
    Net 5,657,000 vs 3,728,000
    Revs 39.7 mln vs 31.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12874>
Period ended Jan 31
    Oper shr loss 66 cts vs loss 1.29 dlrs
    Oper net loss 1,309,000 vs loss 2,522,000
    Sales 25.1 mln vs 19.9 mln
    Year
    Oper shr loss 65 cts vs loss 97 cts
    Oper net loss 1,287,000 vs loss 1,882,000
    Sales 113.4 mln vs 76.6 mln
    NOTE: Earnings exclude a loss on sale of discontinued
operations of 17,000 dlrs, or one ct a share vs a gain of
1,383,000 dlrs, or 70 cts a share in the quarter and gains of
300,000 dlrs, or 15 cts a share vs 1,941,000 dlrs, or 1.00 dlr
a share for the year
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12878>
Dutch dairy and general foods
manufacturer Koninklijke Wessanen NV &lt;WESS.AS>, said it is
planning further world-wide acquisitions and forsees strong
profit growth over the next 10 years.
     Company chairman Gerrit van Driel told journalists at the
presentation of Wessanen's 1986 report he already expected 1987
first quarter profits to show an increase.
    The company last month reported a 16 pct increase in 1986
net profits to 72.7 mln guilders, after 62.3 mln in 1985.
    This was achieved despite a 25 pct drop in the dollar's
guilder value, van Driel said.
    Van Driel said profits would have been nine mln guilders
higher if the US currency had remained at its average 1985
level of 3.20 guilders.
    Turnover, at 3.7 billion guilders in 1986, was 450 mln
guilders down because of the lower dollar and lower raw
material prices. Total 1985 turnover was 4.2 billion guilders.
    US activities accounted for 34 pct of 1986 turnover,
compared with 22 pct in 1982. Wessanen now has 15 separate
businesses in the US out of a total of 62 world-wide.
    Van Driel said the company would continue an active
takeover policy in the US, but would be wary about paying more
than its current price/earnings ratio of 17 times net profit.
    He added that Wessanen teams were seeking acquisition
possibilities in Brazil, Taiwan, Thailand and China.
    He said the company had an ample cashflow of 100 mln
guilders and would if necessary make new share issues.
    Van Driel said he expected a 1987 US turnover of 700 mln
dlrs. He said &lt;Balanced Foods> and &lt;Green's Dairy>, taken over
late last year, have a combined annual turnover of 126 mln dlrs
which was not included in the 1986 account.
    All sectors saw strong growth in 1986, resulting in a 13
pct increase in operating income to 120 mln guilders. Key to
this growth was the successful introduction of new products,
which were greatly enhanced by a number of consumer-oriented US
acquisitions, van Driel said.
    Consumer products represented 50 pct of total 1986
turnover, compared with 35 pct in 1982, van Driel said.
    The company, which is already listed on the London, Zurich,
Basle and Geneva stock exchanges as well as Amsterdam, aims to
be quoted in Frankfurt and Dusseldorf in May, van Driel said.
    Van Driel stressed that while these listings would not be
accompanied by new share issues, they provided easy vehicles
for the company to raise capital for future expansion.
    He estimated that 33 pct of the company's shares were in
foreign hands.
    The company's 1986 US turnover of about 750 mln dlrs made a
listing on one of the New York exchanges a logical next step,
van Driel said without elaborating.
    Despite EC dairy restrictions Wessanen, which produces
around 10 pct of all Dutch cheese, saw good growth prospects
for its dairy sector within Europe, van Driel said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12885>
Tandy Corp said consolidated
sales and operating revenues for the third quarter, ended March
31, totaled nearly 776.0 mln dlrs, up 12 pct from 693.4 mln
dlrs last year.
    The company said third quarter earnings will be released in
the latter part of April.
    Tandy said March sales and oprating revenues totaled 164.4
mln dlrs, up 11 pct from March 1986's 238.8 mln dlrs.
    It said U.S. retail operations revenues rose to 225.8 mln
dlrs last month from 202.7 mln dlrs a year earlier. Sales of
U.S. stores in existence more than one year increased 10 pct.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12886>
The stock of Philip Morris Cos rose
today following recommendations by First Boston Corp and Morgan
Stanley and Co, traders said.
    Philip Morris gained 1-3/4 to 88-1/4.
    First Boston's analyst was unavailable for comment.
    Morgan Stanley's David Hill said he just assumed coverage
of Philip Morris and placed it on his recommended list becasue
of its attractive earnings growth and because the stock is
selling at a discount to the market based on Morgan's figures.
Hill expects Morris to earn 7.75 dlrs a share this year and
9.50 dlrs in 1988. In 1986, Morris earned 6.20 dlrs a share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12893>
Shr 1.00 dlr vs 34 cts
    Net 16.9 mln vs 5,696,000
    Revs 371.3 mln vs 303.2 mln
    Avg shrs 16.9 mln vs 16.3 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 3.55 dlrs vs 1.66 dlrs
    Net 59.3 mln vs 27.1 mln
    Revs 1.02 billion vs 912.8 mln
    Avg shrs 16.7 mln vs 16.3 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12897>
Qtly div 14-1/2 cts vs 14 cts prior
    Pay May 4
    Record April 17
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12898>
Shr three cts vs three cts
    Net 141,224 vs 118,192
    Sales 5,849,695 vs 3,717,794
    Avg shrs 4,975,000 vs 4,925,000
    Year
    Shr 15 cts vs 10 cts
    Net 720,126 vs 474,879
    Sales 18.2 mln vs 11.5 mln
    Avg shrs 4,959,932 vs 4,902,778
    NOTE: 1985 year net includes gain of 58,000 dlrs, or one
cent a share, from tax loss carryforward
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12901>
Shr 31 cts vs 31 cts
    Net 226,000 vs 173,000
    Assets 73.1 mln vs 62.5 mln
    Deposits 54.6 mln vs 51.5 mln
    NOTE: earnings per share for 1987 affected by issuance of
166,750 shares of common stock in December 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12904>
Shr seven cts vs four cts
    Net 161,000 vs 107,000
    Revs 5,852,000 vs 4,794,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 23 cts vs 24 cts
    Net 553,000 vs 610,000
    Revs 18.2 mln vs 14.2 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12914>
Ended Jan 31
    Shr loss 50 cts vs loss one ct
    Net loss 2,475,739 vs loss 68,691
    Revs 3,689,770 vs 3,292,733
    Year
    Shr loss 50 cts vs loss two cts
    net loss 2,472,582 vs loss 112,936
    Revs 14.8 mln vs 13.2 mln
    NOTE: Current periods include charge of 2.25 mln dlrs or 45
cts for restaurant closings.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12915>
Ended Jan 31
    Shr nine cts vs eight cts
    Net 246,000 vs 369,000
    Revs 20.4 mln vs 11.2 mln
    Avg shrs 2,123,000 vs 1,882,000
    NOTE: 1985 restated.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12917>
Time Inc's chief financial officer,
Thayer Bigelow, told security analysts the company is
"comfortable" with Wall Street estimates that 1987 earnings
will be in a range of 3.75 dlrs to 4.25 dlrs per share.
    In 1986, Time reported earnings of 5.95 dlrs per share,
including a number of special items.
    Bigelow said in adjusting the 1986 results for the special
items and also removing the earnings of American Television and
Communications Corp &lt;ATCMA>, Time earned 2.35 dlrs per share in
1986.
    Turner Broadcasting System Inc said the investment by the
cable consortium would be in Turner Broadcasting, not directly
in CNN. The consortium would infuse up to 550 mln dlrs in
Turner Broadcasting in return for a 35 pct equity interest.
    Ted Turner, Chairman, would retain a 51 pct interest, a
Turner Broadcasting spokesman said.
    Bigelow said the company is continuing its previously
announced 10 mln share repurchase program and has bought back
4.1 mln of its own shares. He said 700,000 shares were
purchased in the first quarter of 1987 at an average price of
81 dlrs per share.
    Bigelow said the company will always have a share buyback
program in place whenever it believes it is a better long-term
investment than starting or acquring a business. But he did not
give any specifics on further repurchases beyond the 10 mln
shares already announced.
   
    On the subject of acquisitions, Richard Munro, chairman and
chief executive said the company is not interested in investing
in over-the-air broadcasting, but continues to look at all
areas in which it is currently engaged.
    Munro said book publishing is an area that interested Time.
In 1986 the company purchased Scott and Foresman, its biggest
acquisition ever.
    N.J. Nicholas, president and chief operating officer, said
the company might be interested in a relatively small book
business.
    He said following the recent agreement for the sale of
Harper and Row to the News Corp Ltd &lt;NWS>, "there may be pieces
that Murdoch doesn't want," referring to News Corp chairman
Rupert Murdoch.
    Asked if the company's SAMI business is for sale, Munro
said it is a "delicate subject", and "we're looking at all the
options." SAMI is a marketing information service for the food
industry. Published reports have stated it could be worth as
much as 500 mln dlrs.
   
    Bigelow said that Time's Home Box Office added  subscribers
last year and the trend is continuing in the first quarter of
1987. However, he said, HBO's results in the quarter will be
down slightly, but in the first quarter of 1986 there was a
special gain in the HBO unit.
    Nicholas said that HBO and Cinemax had combined subscriber
growth of 800,000 for last year.
    He also said the tax rate in 1987 will remain at just under
50 pct because of the repeal of investment tax credits and
higher state and local taxes. He said he sees a decrease in the
tax rate in 1988 of five or six percentage points.
    Munro said the company does not plan to increase its
dividend.
    Trygve Myhren, chairman and chief executive of American
Television and Communications, said the unit is looking at
getting involved in the home shopping video area. "It would be
foolish not to be a player there," he said.
    He said the company had talks with Home Shopping Network
Inc &lt;HSN> prior to that company's public offering last year,
but nothing came of the talks.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12929>
Land's End Inc said its board
declared a dividend of 10 cts a share payable April 30, record
April 13.
    It is the company's first dividend since it became a public
entity last October.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12949>
Pope and Talbot Inc said it
expects first quarter earnings to total about one dlr per
share, compared with a year-earlier loss of nine cts per share.
    Each of the company's business segments contributed to the
sharp improvement, Pope and Talbot said.
    The wood products company also said it expects to release
first quarter results later this month.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12962>
Qtrly div 38 cts vs 33 cts
    Pay June 1
    Record May 7
    NOTE: company said this is the largest dividend increase in
15 years.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12978>
Kentucky Central Life INsurance Co
said the company said it will declare a 200 pct stock dividend
on Monday.
    Accordingly, it said it filed a registration statement with
the Securities and Exchange COmmission for a proposed offering
of three mln shares of its class a non-voting common stock,
which reflects the anticipated dividend.
    Proceeds will be used for general purposes.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13006>
Qtly div 42 cts vs 41.5 cts prior
    Payable APril 28
    Record April 14
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13014>
Shr 5.56 dlrs vs 3.88 dlrs
    Net 47.5 mln vs 33.2 mln
    Revs 254.5 mln vs 243.5 mln
    Note: shr after preferred dividends
    ITT Corp &lt;ITT> owns 100 pct of ITT Canada common shares
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13025>
Shr loss nine cts
    Net loss 1.4 mln
    Revs 630,118 dlrs
    NOTE:Due to change in fiscal year, prior 4th qth and year
cannot be presented on comparable basis. 1986 loss includes
writedowns approximating 1.4 mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13026>
Shr 1.1 cts vs 1.7 cts
    Net 26,708 vs 35,084
    Revs 447,548 vs 243,161
    NOTE:1986 net includes 4,300 dlrs gain from tax credit and
1985 includes gain of 8,300 dlrs gain from credit.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13027>
Shr nine cts vs 19 cts
    Net 188,000 vs 362,000
    Revs 20.4 mln vs 11.3 mln
    NOTE:1985 restated for reversal of certain tax benefits.
1986 and 1985 reflects preferred stock dividend requirements.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13031>
Shr 20 cts vs 20 cts
    Net 1,981,000 vs 1,689,000
    Rev 24.7 mln vs 19.6 mln
    Nine months
    Shr 59 cts vs 53 cts
    Net 5,855,000 vs 4,360,000
    Rev 70.9 mln vs 51.9 mln
    NOTE: Fiscal 1986 per share data reflects dilutive effect
of shares issued for April 1986 convertible debenture
conversion. Company's full name is Richarson Electronics Ltd.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13032>
Shr loss five cts vs profit 72 cts
    Net loss 79,069 vs profit 829,737
    Revs 14.4 mln vs 14.1 mln
    NOTE:1985 includes extraordainy credit of 11 cts.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13059>
Qtly div 82 cts vs 76 cts prior
    Pay May 1
    Record April 16
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13062>
Healthvest said its board declared
a dividend for the final three weeks of the March quarter of 14
cts, payable April 28 to holders of recrod April 15.
    Previously, it dclared a special interim dividend of 42 cts
for January 1 to March 9 in connection with its recently
completed offering.
    The combined dividend totals 56 cts for the March quarter,
an increase from the prior quarter's dividend of 55 cts
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13064>
Shr 43 cts vs 36 cts
    Net 7,209,000 vs 5,574,000
    Sales 77.7 mln vs 58.7 mln
    Avg shrs 16,676,000 vs 15,478,000
    Year
    Shr 1.12 dlrs vs 1.10 dlrs
    Net 18,371,000 vs 17,032,000
    Sales 257.5 mln vs 198.3 mln
    Avg shrs 16,411,000 vs 15,433,000
    NOTE: Year-ago period ended Feb 1, 1986
    Full-year earnings include gains from discontinued
operations of 184,000 dlrs, or one ct a share vs 3,143,000
dlrs, or 20 cts a share
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13078>
Galileo Electro-Optics Corp
said estimated earnings for the second quarter ended March 31,
1987, will be over current analysts estimates of 40 cts to 45
cts per share.
    However, the company said it has not closed its books for
the quarter and release earnings April 20.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13092>
Shr seven cts vs one ct
    Net 178,919 vs 34,429
    Sales 3,148,420 vs 1,912,438
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13093>
Shr loss 65 cts vs loss 1.31 dlrs
    Net loss 1,366,340 vs loss 2,148,656
    Revs 2,664,852 vs 799,864
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13110>
Shr not given
    Net loss 330,613 vs profit
    Revs 2,170,628 vs 614,511
    Year
    Shr loss one ct vs profit nine cts
    Net loss 212,289 vs profit 829,747
    Revs 5,397,167 vs 3,785,688
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13113>
Shr loss 12 cts vs loss three cts
    Net loss 646,000 vs loss 96,000
    Revs 9,414,000 vs 9,899,000
    Avg shrs 5,382,833 vs 3,722,833
    NOTE: Converted using Dec 31 exchange rate of 40.05 Belgian
francs to the U.S. dlr.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13114>
Shr seven cts vs one ct
    Net 178,919 vs 34,429
    Revs 3,148,420 vs 1,912,438
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13118>
Shr loss 67 cts vs loss seven cts
    Net loss 2,410,000 vs loss 245,000
    Revs 11.0 mln vs 10.9 mln
    12 mths
    Shr loss 21 cts vs profit 43 cts
    Net loss 748,000 vs profit 1,571,000
    Revs 46.9 mln vs 40.5 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13122>
Shr 32 cts vs 28 cts
    Net 2,194,000 vs 1,929,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13126>
Mtly div 10.4 cts vs 10.8 cts prior
    Paid April 1
    Record March 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13131>
Shr loss 15 cts vs loss 27 cts
    Net loss 1,905,774 vs loss 2,160,717
    Revs 868,117 vs 307,135
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13136>
Scott Instruments Corp said its
independent public accountants qualified the report on Scott's
1986 financial statements because of its weak financial
condition.
    The report indicates the realization of the company's
assets is dependent on it obtaining enough working capital to
finance operations and additional funds to meet other
liabilities, among other things.
    These factors indicate the company may be unable to
continue its existence.
    Earlier, Scott reported a 1986 loss of 1.9 mln dlrs
compared to a loss of almost 2.2 mln dlrs in 1985. Total assets
were nearly 1.1 mln dlrs at year end, down from 1.2 mln dlrs
the prior year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13138>
Shr loss 1.64 dlrs vs loss 2.08 dlrs
    Net loss 9,761,000 vs loss 10,977,000
    Revs 4,409,000 vs 2,697,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13141>
Network Control Corp said it
intends to take a 250,000 dlr charge against earnings for the
third quarter ended March 31 and said sales for the quarter
would be about 400,000 dlrs, about 50 pct below sales in the
same year-ago quarter.
    Network said it is taking the charge due to the significant
increase in accounts receivable which remain uncollected for
more than 90 days after billing. It said it ultimately will
collect most of those accounts.
    It attributed the sales decline to a transition period for
its new products and a delay in a major order.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13165>
Shr loss 1.50 dlrs vs loss 14 cts
    Net loss 3,395,933 vs loss 318,225
    Revs 8,963,097 vs 12.6 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 2.93 dlrs vs profit two cts
    Net loss 6,613,327 vs profit 49,421
    Revs 44.4 mln vs 48.7 mln
    NOTE: Current periods include 2.2 mln dlr charge for
possible obsolete inventory and provision of 356,000 dlrs for
consolidation of cable manufacturing plant.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13174>
Warehouse Club Inc said it expects to
take a one-time charge of about five mln dlrs on its June 30
third quarter results from closing of two unprofitable Chicago
area units.
    The company said it will continue to operate 12 warehouses
in Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Ohio and Pennsylvania.
    It added that it expects future operating results to be
improved because of the closing of the two warehouses.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13180>
Cullen/Frost Bankers Inc said
it will defer paying a cash dividend for the next 12 months,
due to the economic slump in the Texas economy. It previously
paid a five cents a share dividend in recent quarters.
    It also said its first quarter earnings ended March 31,
which it said it will release later this month, will be similar
to its fourth quarter earnings last year.
    In 1986 the company reported a loss of 6,565,000 dlrs or 91
cts a share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13186>
Loctite Corp said it expects
third quarter earnings to be higher than security analysts'
forecasts of 75 to 80 cts a share.
    Last year the company earned 53 cts per share in the third
quarter.
    It attributed its better than expected forecast to sales
growth, which it said were particularly strong overseas. It
also said it will have a lower effective tax rate.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13187>
Time Inc said the acquisition of Scott,
Foresman and Co last year will dilute earnings per share by
about 17 cts a share for the full year in 1987.
    For the first quarter the acquisition will have a negative
impact of about 20 cts per share, chief financial officer
Thayer Bigelow told security analysts.
    He said Scott, Foresman, a textbook publisher, will
contribute more than 50 mln dlrs in operating income before
depreciation and amortization for the full year.
    N.J. Nicholas, president and chief operating officer, said
Soctt Foresman will have over 200 mln dlrs in revenue in 1987.
    Bigelow said the textbook business, which normally has its
highest profit in the third quarter and incurs a loss in the
first quarter, will have an "adverse impact of 15 mln dlrs' on
book publishing income for the first quarter.
    "First quarter performance for the rest of Time Inc will be
better than last year," Bigelow said.
    The dilution of 17 cts per share for 1987 includes the
effects of financing the acquisition. Bigelow also said the
company is "comfortable" with estimates that earnings will be
between 3.75 dlrs and 4.25 dlrs per share for the year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13191>
First Quarter
 Anchor Financial Corp shr 31 cts vs 31
 Nine Months
 Biomet Inc shr 49 cts vs 36
 Federal Co shr 3.55 dlrs vs 1.66
 Richardson Electronics shr 59 cts vs 53
 Year
 Eac Industries Inc oper shr loss 65 cts vs
 loss 97 cts
 Fine Art Acquisitions shr 15 cts vs 10
 Mangood Corp oper shr loss 6.07 dlrs vs  loss  7.64
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13192>
Shr loss 31.09 dlrs vs loss 1.86 dlrs
    Net loss 112.7 mln vs loss 5.5 mln
    NOTE: 1986 loss includes operating loss of 109.4 mln dlrs
or 30.21 dlrs a share, including an additional loan loss
provision of 68 mln dlrs, write downs in the value of real
estate of 13 mln dlrs and an extraordinary loss of 3.3 mln dlrs
for early retirement of long-term debt.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13203>
Shr loss 10 cts vs loss 13 cts
    Net loss 197,779 vs loss 245,190
    Revs 4.0 mln vs 3.1 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13204>
MONTHLY dist 2.1 cts vs 2.1 cts prior
    Payable April 25
    Record April 15
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13214>
Oper shr loss 30 cts vs profit eight cts
    Oper net loss 5,887,996 vs profit 1,620,312
    Revs 32.4 mln vs 48.5 mln
    Note: 1987 net excludes extraordinary gain of 2.7 mln dlrs
or 14 cts shr from settlement of provision for discontinued
operations vs yr-ago tax gain of 562,248 dlrs or three cts shr.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13223>
Cash distribution 13.3 cts vs 8.4 cts prior
    Pay April 29
    Record April 15
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13224>
Qtly div 45 cts vs 45 cts prior
    Pay May 15
    Record April 24
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13225>
Gulf States Utilities Co said
its condition has "significantly deteriorated" and that its
operating cash reserves will be inadequate by May 1987 unless
it receives additional financing or rate relief from state
public utilities commissions in Texas and Louisiana.
    In the company's newly-released annual report and 10-K
filing, Gulf States said its bank lenders had notified the
utility last month that no additional credit would be granted.
Gulf States said the banks had requested the utility to begin
making prepayments by the end of April of 45 mln dlrs more than
the estimated 1987 lease payments of 40 mln dlrs.
    "The circumstances increase the likelihood that the company
may have to seek protection from its creditors under the
bankruptcy code," Gulf States said.
    The utility had previously said it might be forced to
consider filing for bankruptcy because of limited rate
increases granted by state regulators in connection with Gulf
States' 4.3 billion dlr River Bend nuclear plant in Louisiana.
    "If the regulatory commissions approve the company's
proposed rate moderation plan and grant the increases provided
for in such plan during the initial three-year phase-in period,
the company believes it could achieve financial stability,"
Gulf States said.
    In February, the Texas Public Utilities Commission granted
Gulf States an interim rate increase of 39.9 mln dlrs
contingent upon the utility obtaining a new 250 mln dlr line of
credit to pay operating expenses. The utility had sought 144.1
mln dlrs in rate hikes in Texas.
    Gulf States has appealed a decision by Louisiana state
regulators rejecting its application for 100 mln dlrs in
emergency rate relief.
    In 1986, Gulf States earned 244.9 mln dlrs on revenues of
1.47 billion dlrs, compared to profits of 265.4 mln dlrs on
sales of 1.85 billion in the previous year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13263>
Caesars World Inc &lt;CAW> said its
directors unanimously approved a recapitalization plan under
which stockholders will get a cash distribution of 25 dlrs per
share via a one-time special cash dividend and will retain
their common stock ownership in Caesars World.
    Caesars World said it expects to raise the approximately
one billion dlrs needed to pay the 25 dlr per share dividend
and the expenses of recapitalization through around 200 mln
dlrs in bank borrowings and a public sale of approximately 800
mln dlrs of debt. Some outstanding debt will be retired.
    Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc, Caesars' financial advisor, has
told the company it is confident it can arrange the entire
financing needed for the recapitalization.
    Henry Gluck, chairman and chief executive officer of the
hotel, casino and resorts company, said in a statement the
board believes the recapitalization plan is financially
superior to a 28 dlr a share tender offer by Martin Sosnoff.
    Gluck said the Caesars World board once again recommends
that shareholders reject the Sosnoff offer.
    The stock closed at 29.25 dlrs a share on Friday.
    "Our ability to restructure along these lines is possible
primarily because of the financial stability and the strong
operating results achieved by management in recent years," Gluck
said.
    He said that after the recapitalization takes effect,
proforma net income for the fiscal year ended July 31, 1988 is
expected to be about 28.7 mln dlrs.
    Fiscal 1988 primary earnings per share are projected to be
76 cents, based on about 37.8 mln in post-recapitalization
common and common-equivalent shares outstanding.
    Commenting on the company's longer term earnings outlook,
Gluck said "we project net income to increase to 86.2 mln dlrs
in 1992, reflecting increased operating income and lower
interest expense due to the retirement of 267 mln dlrs of debt
incurred in connection with the recapitalization."
    He said the company does not usually release projections,
but has done so now beause of the significance of the
recapitalization.
    Gluck said the recapitalization plan will be submitted for
stockholder approval at a special meeting expected in June.
    The plan will require the approval of stockholders and that
of the Nevada and New Jersey gaming regulatory authorities.
    As part of the plan, the company will change its state of
incorporation from Florida to Delaware by means of a merger of
Caesars World into a wholly owned subsidiary of the company.
    The new incorporation certificate and bylaws will provide
for, among other things, a "fair price" provision requiring that
certain transactions with interested 15 pct stockholders be
approved by an 80 pct vote of stockholders, excluding shares
held by such interested stockholders.
    Caesars World said in a statement that "the cash
distribution will result in a substantial deficit in
stockholders' equity." It did not give an estimate of the size
of this deficit.
    But the company said its financial advisors have said they
believe that after the recapitalization, Caesars World should
have the financial flexibility and resources necessary to
finance its current and projected operating and capital
requirements.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13435>
YEAR TO END-DEC 1986
    Proposed dividend 45 francs vs 34.50 francs
    Note - Full name of company is Moet-Hennessy SA &lt;MHSP.PA>
   REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13615>
Shr 51 cts vs 46 cts
    Shr diluted 44 cts vs 41 cts
    Net 2,267,000 vs 2,055,000
    Sales 87.3 mln vs 70.4 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.20 dlrs vs 1.12 dlrs
    Shr diluted 1.07 dlrs vs 1.03 dlrs
    Net 5,318,000 vs 4,958,000
    Sales 243.7 mln vs 198.7 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13656>
Cardinal Industries Inc said it
restated earnings for the first nine months of 1986 to 235,000
dlrs, or nine cts per share, from 485,000 dlrs, or 18 cts,
reported previously due to the failure of an automated
accounting system installed in mid-year and replaced in the
fourth quarter.
    The company said its Reliance segment sustained a
significant operating loss for the full year 1986 due to the
accounting problems and increased promotional and advertising
expenses.  For the full year, it said it earned 284,000 dlrs,
or 10 cts a share, up from 271,000 dlrs, or 10 cts, in 1985.
    Cardinal Industries said revenues for the year were 30.7
mln dlrs, up from 23.0 mln dlrs in 1985.
    The company said for the first quarter of 1987, earnings
were about 48,000 dlrs, up from 13,000 dlrs or nil per share in
the year ago period.  The year-ago first quarter earnings,
however, have been restated from 101,000 dlrs or four cts per
share.  It said sales for the first quarter were about
8,363,000 dlrs, up from 6,636,000 dlrs.
    For the first half of 1986, the company said it restated
earnings to 141,000 dlrs or five cts per share from 340,000
dlrs or 12 cts per share reported previously.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13708>
StarTel Corp said it expects to
report a first quartter loss on a 25 to 30 pct revenue fall
from the year-earlier 2,524,000 dlrs.
    The company earned 64,000 dlrs in last year's first quarter.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13709>
Datron Systems Inc said it
expects to report a falloff in earnings for the year ended
March 31 of about 25 pct from fiscal 1986 levels.
    In fiscal 1986, Datron earned 1,776,000 dlrs.
    The company said new orders for the year just ended,
however, rose 50 pct to 26 mln dlrs, bringing backlog at
year-end to 19 mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13715>
Shr not given
    Net profit 1,033,000 vs loss 4,346,000
    Sales 6,060,000 vs 5,818,000
    NOTE: Company operating in Chapter 11 bankruptcy.
    1985 sales exclude contract revenues of 3,217,000 dlrs.
    1986 net includes reversal of 597,000 dlrs of reserves no
longer deemed necessary and tax credit 340,000 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13717>
Shr 99 cts vs 97 cts
    Net 31,011,000 vs 30,899,000
    Sales 651.5 mln vs 583.1 mln
    Year
    Shr 3.13 dlrs vs 2.92 dlrs
    Net 98,643,000 vs 92,347,000
    Sales 2.61 billion vs 2.51 billion
    NOTE: 1986 results reflect two-for-one stock split of July
23, 1986
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13721>
Household International
Inc said it expects its fully diluted earnings per share for
the first quarter to be about 35 pct above the same year-ago
period.
    It also looks for 1987 full-year fully diluted earnings to
be about 20 pct higher than the record 4.31 dlrs a share
reported for 1986.
    Chairman Donald Clark, in remarks prepared for delivery to
New York security analysts, cited increased earnings from
Household Financial Services and "excellent return on equity
from Household Manufacturing, combined with the impact of our
share repurchase program, will result in higher earnings per
share and improved return on equity in 1987."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13735>
Data General Corp said it
expects to record an extraordinary pretax charge of about 18.2
mln dlrs in the second quarter ended March 28.
    The company said the charge will result from a redemption
of debt. On May 18, Data General said, it will redeem 150 mln
dlrs of outstanding 12-3/8 pct sinking fund debentures due
2015.
    The redemption price will be 111.138 pct of the total
principal amount of notes then outstanding plus accrued
interest to the redemption date, it said.
    No interest will accrue or will be payable on the
debentures starting May 18, the computer and communications
company said.
    Data General reported a loss of 1.8 mln dlrs or six cts a
share for the second quarter ended March 29, 1986. The loss
included a charge of 3.8 mln dlrs from redemption of
debentures. In the year-ago quarter, revenues fell less than
one pct to 318.8 mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13854>
Shr primary 34 cts vs 17 cts
    Shr diluted 33 cts vs 17 cts
    Net 1,487,000 vs 686,000
    Rev 19.8 mln vs 8.8 mln
    Nine months
    Shr primary 77 cts vs 43 cts
    Shr diluted 75 cts vs 43 cts
    Net 3,240,000 vs 1,710, 000
    Rev 42.2 mln vs 25.0 mln
    NOTE: Company's full name is On-Line Software International
Inc.
    The qtr and year-to-date results include the operations,
since the end of October 1986, of a business purchase from
Martin Marietta Corp &lt;ML>.
    In fiscal 1987 ending May 31 the company initially adopted
FASB statement number 86 and, as required, capitalized certain
software deveopment costs. During the qtr and nine months
period ended Febraury 28, 1987 the company capitalized pre-tax
amounts of 746,000 dlrs and 1,445,000 dlrs of development
costs, respectively.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13890>
Shr primary 58 cts vs 66 cts
    Shr diluted 54 cts vs 66 cts
    Net 10.1 mln vs 11.4 mln
    Revs 266.2 mln vs 194.6 mln
    Avg shrs 17.4 mln vs 17.1 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr primary 1.78 dlrs vs 1.58 dlrs
    Shr diluted 1.65 dlrs vs 1.58 dlrs
    Net 30.9 mln vs 27.1 mln
    Revs 823.8 mln vs 511.0 mln
    Avg shrs 17.4 mln vs 17.3 mln
    NOTE: prior qtr and nine mths include 3.1 mln dlrs, or 18
cts per share, from gain on partial settlement on an insurance
claim.
    nine mths 1987 includes seven cts gain for partial
settlement on an insurance claim.
   Results of Flow Control operations have been included since
its acquisition from ITT Corp on Jan 31 1986.
   nine mths prior includes extraordinary gain 2.3 mln dlrs, or
14 cts per share, for replacement of a pension plan.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13900>
1ST QTR TO MARCH 31
    Working profit 487.50 mln rand vs 559.59 mln
    Tax 274.28 mln vs 302.15 mln
    Net 264.32 mln vs 300.99 mln
    Tonnes milled 3.74 mln vs 3.72 mln
    Gold production 30,865 kgs vs 30,236 kgs
    Gold revenue 846.05 mln rand vs 907.36 mln
    Working costs 358.56 mln vs 347.77 mln
    Avg price per kg 27,371 rand vs 29,964
    NOTE - Full name of company is Gold Fields of South Africa
    Ltd &lt;GLDF.J>.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13904>
Marion Laboratories Inc's stock rose
sharply today after the company presented a bullish earnings
scenario at a meeting for pharmaceutical analysts Monday,
traders and analysts said.
    The company said it expects earnings for fiscal 1987,
ending June 30, to rise more than 75 pct over a year ago.
    That pronouncement encouraged analyst David Crossen of
Sanford C. Bernstein and Co to raise his earnings estimates for
the company to 1.28 dlrs a share in 1987, compared to his
previous estimate of 1.20 dlrs a share. Last year the company
earned 70 cts a share.
    Marion's stock gained 3-1/4 to 75-1/2.
    At the meeting of pharmaceutical analysts, Marion's
president Fred Lyons Jr. said Wall Street eanrings estimates of
1.10-1.15 dlrs a share for fiscal 1987 "are expected to cause
even the aggressive side of this range to be 10 to 15 cts low."
    Lyons said the strong performance in the second half of
this year will result from the fourth quarter introduction of
90 mg and 120 mg Cardizem tablets. Analyst Crossen said that
Cardizem, which treats angina, is also expected to be approved
for the treatment of hypertension by the end of the year.
    Crossen said "because Marion is still just a small company,
the growth of Cardizem is having a big impact on the bottom
line." He raised fiscal 1988 earnings estimates to 2.15 dlrs a
share from his previous estimate of 2.05 dlrs a share.
    "The company has a broad new product pipeline in the
industry and as far as I am concerned, it is the most
innovative company in the business," he said.
    For the five years through 1991, Crossen expects Marion to
have a growth rate of 55 pct.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13966>
State-owned engine maker &lt;Rolls Royce
Plc> launches its prospectus for privatisation tomorrow with
many analysts forecasting higher profits this year. But it is
likely to miss contracts to power the proposed &lt;Airbus
Industrie> A340 aircraft.
    The company's so-called "pathfinder prospectus" gives all the
details of its stock market flotation except for the price at
which shares will be offered.
    Last month, the company announced that pretax profits rose
in 1986 to 120 mln stg from 81 mln the year before.
    Brokers Barclays de Zoete Wedd, BZW, sees 155 mln profit
for 1987.
    Analyst Tim Harris of Phillips and Drew said rising profits
and a low tax charge would be offset by the fact that Rolls
operated in a sector which traditionally attracted low ratings.
    Assuming the company was valued at around eight times
earnings, this would give a selling price valuing it at about
1.2 billion, though he said the recent good performance of the
aerospace sector could nudge this figure upwards.
    BZW is currently forecasting a higher sale price at between
1.5 billion and 1.7 billion.
    The price will be increased by it being likely to have much
of its debt wiped off by a government anxious to assure the
company's health when it has to fend for itself. Rolls was
rescued from bankruptcy and taken into state ownership in 1971.
    When the government announced the sale, it said it would
inject permanent capital equivalent to net debt -- around 250
mln stg at end-1986 -- into the company.
    Analysts noted this was necessary to ensure Rolls a credit
rating to match those of its main competitors such as General
Electric Co &lt;GE.N> and United Technologies Corp's &lt;UTX.N> Pratt
and Whitney unit.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14069>
Net 12.3 mln vs 6,438,000
    NOTE: Company went public in March.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14091>
Shr 64 cts vs 38 cts
    Net 1,062,000 vs 585,000
    Sales 13.6 mln vs 9,262,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14093>
Shr eight cts vs seven cts
    Net 215,821 vs 196,873
    Sales 3,112,571 vs 2,649,003
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14103>
Shr profit 25 cts vs loss 15 cts
    Net profit 998,000 vs loss 612,000
    Revs 8,086,000 vs 365,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14166>
Qtrly div five cts vs five cts prior
    Pay April 27
    Record April 20
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14168>
Qtly div 11 cts vs 11 cts prior
    Pay June 15
    Record May 15
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14180>
Shr 25 cts vs 55 cts
    Net 1.3 mln vs 2,460,000
    NOTE: 1987 1st qtr includes loan write-offs at banking
subsidiary, The Colonial Bank of Mobile, due to loan losses, of
1.3 mln dlrs or 25 cts a share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14282>
Weis Markets Inc said its board
declared a three-for-two stock split for holders of record May
1, 1987, with a distribution date of May 22, 1987.
    The company also said a regular quarterly dividend of 16
cts per share on the pre-split shares will be paid May 22 to
shareholders of record May 1.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14285>
Shr primary 24 cts vs 25 cts
    Shr diluted 21 cts vs 25 cts
    Net 530,583 vs 493,423
    Revs 10.2 mln vs 9,834,578
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14300>
Shr 10 cts vs 10 cts
    Net 131,000 vs 135,000
    Revs 4,222,000 vs 3,656,000
    Avg shrs 1,278,529 vs 1,356,672
    Nine mths
    Shr 31 cts vs 31 cts
    Net 406,000 vs 426,000
    Revs 12.3 mln vs 11.0 mln
    Avg shrs 1,330,511 vs 1,361,421
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14310>
(Consolidated-Bathurst Inc) said it
expects improvement in the pulp and paper sector shown in the
second half of 1986 to continue this year. The continued
improvement would be due to good market demand, better product
prices and high operating capacity, the company said in its
annual report.
    Consolidated-Bathurst, which reported operating profit of
104 mln dlrs last year on sales of 2.02 billion dlrs, said its
joint-venture acquisition of a market pulp mill at Castlegar,
B.C. last year broadens its product range and will contribute
to equity earnings.
    Last year's results were up from 1985 operating profit of
80 mln dlrs and sales of 1.73 billion dlrs.
    The company said it views its near-term prospects with
improved optimism.
    It said results from its Bridgewater newsprint mill in the
U.K. should improve greatly this year due to stronger capacity
and production and more favorable market conditions.
    It said it anticipates a return to profitability in 1987
for its Diamond-Bathurst Inc (DBH) subsidiary, which lost 6.2
mln U.S. dlrs and underwent a reorganization last year, and
expects higher sales and earnings for its other North American
packaging divisions.
    Consolidated-Bathurst said the outlook for its Europa
Carton unit is mixed. It said the effect of trade disputes
between the United States and the European Economic Community
on the West German economy and the higher value of the mark may
lead to increased costs which could not be offset by price
increases.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14314>
Cummins Engine Co said it told
shareholders higher engine orders to the North American
heavy-duty truck market will result in improved earnings in the
first quarter.
    Cummins said the company should make progress this year and
next toward its goal of five pct profitability.
    Cummins recorded net income of 3,743,000 dlrs, or 38 cts
per share, on sales of 516.9 mln dlrs.
    It said it expects 1987 North American heavy-duty truck
production to total 135,000 units, an 8.5 pct increase from
1986.
    Cummins said it expects capital expenditures to total about
155 mln dlrs, down from 274 mln dlrs the year before.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14316>
Qtly div 11 cts vs 11 cts prior
    Pay June 15
    Record May 15
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14324>
Shr 15 cts vs 15 cts
    Net 2,407,000 vs 2,393,000
    Revs 117.2 mln vs 67.1 mln
    Note: Aggregate judgments in antitrust and other suits of
77 mln dlrs not included in year-ago or 1987 1st qtr results.
Company said any portion of this amount, including related
interest or attorneys' fees, would be proportionately reflected
as a reduction in its minority interest of Sealy recorded on
its consolidated balance sheet upon final settlement of
litigation.
    Note: Consolidated balance sheet as of end of 1st qtr
reflects after-tax impact of 50 mln dlr settlement won by Sealy
licensee in Michigan.
    1987 results include all operations of all acquired
Sealy-brand licensees and 82 pct of Sealy. Remaining 18 pct of
Sealy is recorded as minority interest.
    Proceeds of 170 mln dlrs from sale of stock and debt were
used to reduce balance of revolving credit agreement to 80 mln
dlrs. Accordingly, 250 mln dlr obligation to banks under credit
agreement was recorded as a long-term liability as of end of
1st qtr.
    Note: In April, company intends to acquire Michigan Sealy
licensee and fund transaction with 25 mln dlrs in cash and
borrow balance required from banks.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14393>
Artistic Greetings Inc said it
expects a rebound in profits and an increase in sales in 1987
as costs connected with computerization, staffing, traning and
catalog sales start to taper off.
    Today it reported 1986 earnings of 294,650 dlrs, down from
371,064 dlrs a year before, on revenues of 8,157,864 dlrs, up
from 7,054,709 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14402>
Qtly div 55 cts vs 55 cts prior
    Pay June 15
    Record June 1
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14417>
Shr 52 cts vs 45 cts
    Net 10.9 mln vs 9,498,000
    Assets 3.60 billion vs 3.25 billion
    Deposits 2.45 billion vs 2.23 billion
    Loans 2.16 billion vs 1.67 billion
    NOTE: full name of company is Central Bancshares of the
South Inc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14427>
Shr 50 cts vs 40 cts
    Net 9,421,000 vs 9,312,000
    Rev 37.7 mln vs 36.3 mln
    Avg shrs 17,049,920 vs 21,173,570
    NOTE: Per-share results adjusted for two-for-one common
stock split in June 1986
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14516>
Shr nine cts vs seven cts
    Net 1,356,000 vs 1,041,000
    Revs 9.7 mln vs 8.4 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14517>
Shr 38 cts vs 30 cts
    Net 1,356,754 vs 1,048,340
    Assets 448.5 mln vs 407.4 mln
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14524>
Period ended Jan 31
    Shr loss three cts vs loss two cts
    Net loss 183,500 vs loss 163,800
    Sales 608,800 vs 1,156,100
    Year
    Shr loss 16 cts vs loss 21 cts
    Net loss 1,128,600 vs loss 1,081,600
    Sales 3,811,200 vs 6,968,700
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14525>
Shr nine cts vs seven cts
    Net 1,356,000 vs 1,041,000
    Revs 9,729,000 vs 8,367,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14539>
&lt;Premdor Inc> said it planned a
two-for-one common stock split, subject to shareholder approval
at the May 4 annual meeting.
    It said the split, if approved, would take effect on May
20.
    Premdor manufactures and sells wood doors.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14540>
Shr loss two cts vs loss two cts
    Net loss 183,597 vs loss 136,990
    Rev 36,600 vs 61,763
    Avg shares 12,355,000 vs 9,205,000
    Year
    Shr loss five cts vs loss five cts
    Net loss 571,336 vs loss 416,595
    Rev 103,327 vs 61,763
    Avg shares 12,355,000 vs 8,705,000
    NOTE: Company's full name is &lt;Teletrak Advanced Technology
Systems Inc and it is a unit of Helm Resources &lt;H>. 1985 net
loss includes loss from discontinued operations of 278,156
dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14544>
Houston Oil Trust said there will be no
royalty funds available for distribution to unit holders in
April.
    It also said that based on recent independent petroleum
engineers' estimates of Oct 31, 1986, there may be no amounts
avialable for distribution the rest of the year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14545>
Qtly dividend 52-1/2 cts vs 52-1/2 cts
    Pay May one
    record April 17
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14547>
Qtly div 25 cts vs 25 cts prior
    Pay July 1
    Record May 7
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14549>
Shr 87 cts vs 87 cts prior qtr
    Pay May 15
    Record April 20
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14550>
Qtly div 20 cts vs 20 cts previously
    Pay June Eight
    Record May 22
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14551>
Qtly div 25 cts vs 25 cts prior
    Payable July one
    Record May 7
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14569>
Shr loss 21 cts vs loss seven cts
    Net loss 971,000 vs loss 318,000
    Revs 8.3 mln vs 9.2 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 43 cts vs profit 14 cts
    Net loss 1.9 mln vs profit 606,000
    Revs 32.5 mln vs 31.9 mln
    NOTE:1986 loss includes reserves of 329,000, 1985 includes
tax benefit of 352,000, 96,000, and 570,000 dlrs.1986 4th qtr
includes 850,000 dlrs writedowns, 499,000 dlr gain from sale.
    1985 net includes extraordinary items of 108,000 and gain
on sale of 1.6 mln dlrs , tax carryforward gain of 246,000
dlrs.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14586>
Qtrly div 11 cts vs 11 cts prior
    Pay April 28
    Record April 20
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14622>
Shr 81 cts vs 24 cts
    Net 40,453,000 vs 11,833,000
    Sales 267.1 mln vs 127.0 mln
    Avg shrs 50,226,000 vs 48,337,000
    Nine Mths
    Shr 2.07 dlrs vs 38 cts
    Net 102,564,000 vs 18,127,000
    Sales 708.0 mln vs 318.3 mln
    Avg shrs 49,573,000 vs 48,024,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14629>
Spartech Corp said shareholders at the
annual meeting approved a reverse stock split of the common
stock, on a one-for-five basis.
    The company said the split was necessary in preparation for
an offering of 25 mln dlrs in convertible subordinated
debentures, expected to be made soon through Kidder, Peabody
and Co.
    It said the new common stock will begin trading April 8
under the symbol "SPTNd."
    Separately, Spartech said its board appointed Bradley
Buechler as president, filling a vacancy.
    It said Lawrence Powers remains as chairman.
    Buechler, prior to his promotion, was executive vice
president and chief operating officer. He will retain his
duties as chief operating officer.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14630>
Shr primary profit two cts vs loss nine cts
    Shr diluted profit one cent vs loss six cts
    Net profit 17,156 vs loss 89,594
    Revs 2,360,220 vs 3,208,802
    Avg shrs 870,000 vs 1,026,627
    NOTE: full name of company is People Ridesharing Systems
Inc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14646>
Shr profit eight cts vs loss 1.84 dlrs
    Net profit 785,000 vs loss 4,279,000
    Revs 10.4 mln vs 8,464,000
    Avg shrs 9,649,000 vs 2,664,000
    Six Mths
    Shr loss nine cts vs loss 4.09 dlrs
    Net loss 262,000 vs loss 9,689,000
    Revs 19.2 mln vs 15.6 mln
    Avg shrs 2,874,000 vs 2,660,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14666>
Nacco Industries Inc said it will
report a gain in the second quarter of about 11.5 mln dlrs or
1.25 dlrs a share from the sale of stock of a subsidiary.
    Nacco said its North American Coal Corp unit has received
notice that Consolidation Coal Co, a unit of Du Pont Co &lt;DD>,
will exercise an option to buy all of the stock of Quarto
Mining Co, a subsidiary of North American Coal.
    For the stock, North American Coal will receive about 15.2
mln dlrs, 5.2 mln of which will be paid at closing April 10 and
the rest in installments, the company said.
    In addition, Quarto will pay a dividend to North American
Coal of about 10 mln dlrs from retained earnings before
closing. The funds were previously used to finance mining
operations.
    Consolidation Coal got the option from the Capco Group of
utilities, which received the option from Nacco in 1981.
    Nacco reported earnings of 10.8 mln dlrs or 1.11 dlrs a
share in last year's second quarter.
    In 1986, Quarto generated 5.9 mln dlrs in net income, equal
to 62 cts a share, of Nacco's total 1986 earnings of 3.48 dlrs
a share.
    Quarto produced about 3.6 mln short tons of the 24.3 mln
tons produced by North American Coal in 1986, Nacco said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14672>
Buffton Corp said it will    
conduct an investigation on a plant designated as a Superfund
Site, which will result in a charge of about six cts per share
in its second quarter.
    In the year ago second quarter, Buffton reported net income
of 10 cts a share or 330,000 dlrs on sales of 10.3 mln dlrs.
     The study should be completed in nine months and will
determine any clean-up or remedial action that may be required.
Robintech Inc, the plant's former owner, will split the cost.
Buffton said its share will cost 400,000 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14697>
RepublicBank Corp said it has placed
182.6 mln dlrs of all intermediate and term loans to Brazil on
a non-accrual basis as of March 31.
    It said the reclassification will reduce first quarter
earnings by 2.8 mln dlrs after taxes, and 11 mln dlrs after
taxes for all of 1987, if Brazil does not change its position
of a moratorium on interest payments.
    RepublicBank also said its net income for the first quarter
is expected to be about 10.4 mln dlrs or 30 cts a share on a
fully diluted basis. In the year-ago first quarter the company
earned 23.1 mln dlrs or 75 cts a share.
    The company also said its first quarter results are
expected to include a provision for loan losses of 55 mln dlrs,
about 20 mln dlrs over net loan-charge-offs of about 35 mln
dlrs. It said the provision will increase loan losses to about
328 mln dlrs or 2.2 pct of loans.
    RepublicBank, with total assets of about 21 billion dlrs,
announced in December an agreement with InterFirst Corp &lt;IFC>
to form First RepublicBank Corp. If the merger is approved by
regulatory agencies and stockholders, it would create the 12th
largest bank holding company in the United States.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14729>
&lt;Trilon Financial Corp> said it declared
a stock dividend of one class A share for each two class A
shares held, payable May 15 to shareholders of record on April
30.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14744>
Shr profit one cts vs loss three cts
    Net profit 641,000 vs loss 992,000
    Revs 26.0 mln vs 19.0 mln
    Six months
    Shr profit six cts vs loss six cts
    Net profit 2.8 mln vs loss 1.8 mln
    Revs 39.0 mln vs 37.4 mln
    NOTE:1987 six months includes gain of four cts from change
in accounting principle.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14751>
Qtly div eight cts vs seven cts prior
    Payable May 15
    Record APril 29
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14752>
Shr 1.30 dlrs vs 1.07 dlrs
    Net 13.6 mln dlrs vs 10.2 mln
    Revs 271.2 mln vs 182.3 mln
    NOTE:1986 results reflect year 11 month period because
company changed fiscal year to end February 28 from March 31.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14755>
Shr 36 cts vs 43 cts
    Net 1.3 mln vs 1.7 mln
    Revs 9.0 mln vs 7.9 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14761>
TCW Convertible Securities Fund Inc
said its board declared an initial quarterly dividend of three
cents per share, payable April 30 to shareholders of record
April 17.
    TCW said it anticipates paying a regular quarterly
dividend. The company made its initial public stock offering
March five.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2001>
Jaguar Plc &lt;JAGR.L> is about to sell its
new XJ-6 model on the U.S. And Japanese markets and expects a
strong reception based on its success in the U.K., Chairman Sir
John Egan told a news conference.
    Commenting on an 11 pct growth in 1986 group turnover to
830.4 mln stg and pre-tax profits at 120.8 mln stg, slightly
below 1985's 121.3 mln, Egan said Jaguar aimed at an average
profit growth of 15 pct per year. However, the introduction of
the new model had kept this year's pre-tax profit down.
    Jaguar starts selling XJ-6 in the U.S. In May and plans to
sell 25,000 of its total 47,000 production there in 1987.
    U.S. Sales now account for 65 pct of total turnover,
finance director John Edwards said.
    A U.S. Price for the car has not been set yet, but Edwards
said the relatively high car prices in dollars of West German
competitors offered an "umbrella" for Jaguar. He added the XJ-6
had also to compete with U.S. Luxury car producers which would
restrict the car's price.
    Jaguar hedges a majority of its dollar receipts on a
12-month rolling basis and plans to do so for a larger part of
its receipts for longer periods, John Egan said.
    In the longer term, capital expenditure will amount to 10
pct of net sales. Research and development will cost four pct
of net sales and training two pct.
    Jaguar builds half of its cars and buys components for the
other half. The firm is in early stages of considering the
building of an own press shop in Britain for about 80 mln stg,
but Egan said this would take at least another three years
    On the London Stock Exchange, Jaguar's shares were last
quoted at 591p, down from 611p at yesterday's close, after
reporting 1986 results which were in line with market
expectations, dealers said.
 REUTER...
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2005>
Shr 19 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 2,656,000 vs 1,712,000
    Revs 15.4 mln vs 9,443,000
    Avg shrs 14.1 mln vs 12.6 mln
    Year
    Shr 98 cts vs 77 cts
    Net 13.8 mln vs 8,928,000
    Revs 58.8 mln vs 48.5 mln
    Avg shrs 14.0 mln vs 11.6 mln
    NOTE: Shr figures adjusted for 3-for-2 split paid Feb 6,
1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2016>
Shr profit 20 cts vs loss two cts
    Net profit 2,665,000 vs loss 202,000
    Revs 12,141,000 vs 5,993,000
    Nine mths
    Shr profit 35 cts vs loss 11 cts
    Net profit 4,653,000 vs loss 1,167,000
    Revs 35.1 mln vs 18.0 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2020>
Shr 99 cts vs 1.25 dlrs
    Net 418,733 vs 235,572
    Revs 2,777,425 vs 2,024,116
    Note: 1986 shr after November, 1986 600,000 class A
subordinate floating share issue
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2026>
Shr diluted loss 31 cts vs profit 17 cts
    Net loss 2,806,005 vs profit 1,513,395
    Revs 15.0 mln vs 10.4 mln
    Avg shrs diluted 8,982,754 vs 8,804,899
    NOTE: Current year includes loss of 3.4 mln dlrs from
takeover defense expenses. Also includes losses of 1.8 mln dlrs
vs 332,000 dlrs from equity in limited partnerships.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2028>
Oper shr profit 1.66 dlrs vs loss eight cts
    Oper net profit 12.0 mln vs loss 572,000
    Revs 27.4 mln vs 4,311,000
    Year
    Oper shr profit 1.36 dlrs vs loss 43 cts
    Oper net profit 9,817,000 vs loss 2,433,000
    Revs 35.0 mln vs 13.8 mln
    Avg shrs 7,224,000 vs 6,731,000
    NOTE: 1985 net includes tax credits of 492,000 dlrs in
quarter and 2,433,000 dlrs in year.
    1985 net both periods excludes 168,000 dlr loss from
discontinued operations.
    1986 net both periods includes pretax gain 21.8 mln dlrs
from sale of remaining interest in Paradise Hills, N.M.,
development.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2029>
Shr 33p vs 38p
    Net 97 mln vs 111 mln
    Revs 1.71 billion vs 1.76 billion
    NOTE: Figures in sterling.
    Share results after deducting preferred share dividends of
one mln pounds sterling in 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2033>
Shr loss 3.84 dlrs vs nil
    Net loss 56,879,000 vs profit 23,000
    Rev 10.3 mln vs 17.7 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 4.60 dlrs vs profit 14 cts
    Net loss 67,818,000 vs profit 1,807,000
    Rev 50.9 mln vs 56.1 mln
    Avg shares 14,734,000 vs 12,801,000
    NOTE: Fourth qtr net includes a one-time restructuring
charge of 45.2 mln dlrs. 1985 net income includes extraordinary
gain of 3.2 mln dlrs, or 25 cts.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2042>
Shr 16 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 1,900,000 vs 1,600,000
    Sales 68.2 mln vs 69.6 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 60 cts vs 43 cts
    Net 7,100,000 vs 4,700,000
    Sales 214.0 mln vs 219.5 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2047>
Shr 27 cts vs 28 cts
    Net 1,026,000 vs 1,025,000
    Sales 27.8 mln vs 25.4 mln
    Year
    Shr 95 cts vs 16 cts
    Net 3,682,000 vs 598,000
    Sales 102.1 mln vs 100.4 mln
    Avg shrs 3,858,000 vs 3,700,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2048>
Oper shr loss five cts vs loss 50 cts
    Oper net loss 3,862,000 vs loss 15,900,000
    Sales 42.6 mln vs 38.8 mln
    Avg shr 72.1 mln vs 31.7 mln
    Year
    Oper shr loss 51 cts vs loss 2.10 dlrs
    Oper net loss 30.3 mln vs 51.3 mln
    Sales 151.7 mln vs 153.1 mln
    Avg shrs 59.4 mln vs 24.4 mln
    Backlog 57.1 mln vs 52.9 mln
    NOTES: Operating losses exclude profits from discontinued
operationgs of 1,000,000 dlrs, or one cent a share, vs
2,493,000 dlrs, or eight cts a share, in quarter and 65.0 mln
dlrs, or 1.09 dlrs a share, vs 13.7 mln dlrs, or 56 cts a
share, in year
    1986 year operating loss also excludes extraordinary gain
of of 25.6 mln dlrs, or 43 cts a share
    Backlog, which includes only orders to be shipped within 12
mths, was 63.0 mln dlrs on January 31. Orders to be shipped
beyond 12 mths were 27.6 mln dlrs vs 17.1 mln dlrs at December
31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2049>
Qtly div 4-1/2 cts vs 4-1/2 cts prior
    Pay April 15
    Record March 24
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2055>
Shr 1.83 dlrs vs 77 cts
    Net 296.6 mln vs 120.1 mln
    Year
    Shr 4.90 dlrs vs 2.76 dlrs
    Net 795.8 mln vs 420.5 mln
    NOTE: Includes gains of 139.2 mln vs 46.8 mln in year and
94.0 mln vs 11.6 mln from capital gains from investments.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2056>
Systems for Health Care Inc said it
repositioned the company through a one-for-50 reverse stock
split.
    It said there are now 3,002,500 common shares outstanding
with a quoted price of about 7/8 bid, compared to 150,125,000
shares outstanding prior to the split.
    In another recent development, Systems for Health Care
formally changed its name to its present form from Orcas Corp.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2061>
Royal Dutch/Shell Group &lt;RD.AS> earnings
for 1986 from the U.S. Fell sharply because of difficult market
conditions, lower crude and gas prices and also due to
different accounting methods, Shell chairman Peter Holmes said.
    The Shell Oil dollar net income fell 47 pct in the year,
while the additional effect of currency movements reduced the
contribution to group net income by 57 pct to 472 mln stg.
    The group earlier reported a drop in net income for the
year to 2.54 billion stg from 3.03 billion previously, with
lower crude prices outweighing the effect of increased sales by
volume.
    Although the figures were lower, they were nonetheless at
the top end of market forecasts. Shell Transport and Trading
Plc &lt;SC.L> shares, the U.K. Arm of the group, rose to 11.39 stg
from a close last night of 11.06 stg. Analysts noted that a
general collapse in exploration and production volumes was
partially offset by earnings from chemicals rising to 462 mln
stg from 205 mln in 1985.
    Also, a windfall tax credit and lower than expected
currency losses had added about 100 mln stg onto fourth quarter
results, which was the main reason for the figures exceeding
forecasts, industry analyst Chris Rowland of Barclays de Zoete
Wedd noted.
    However, he added there could well be a sharp fall in
performance in the first quarter of 1987, due to the
improbability that the group would be able to repeat the high
refining and marketing margins of first quarter 1986.
    The impact of recovering oil prices would come through
faster on the downstream side than on the upstream as such a
high proportion of upstream activity centred on gas, which
typically reacted to oil price changes with about a half-year
lag, analysts said.
    Holmes said that in the upstream U.S. Sector the third
quarter of 1986 had been the worst of all.
    Only two of the oil majors had managed to make a profit in
the period, with Shell Oil being one of them. The decrease in
U.S. Earnings had been accentuated by tax rates but the group
had increased share to become volume market leader, Holmes
added.
    Continued low crude oil prices would continue to subdue
U.S. Exploration activity. "Exploration is currently pretty
flat. We are going to go on, but at 16-18 dlrs there will be no
massive upturn," he said.
    A renewal of exploration in high cost areas of the North
Sea and the U.S. Requires prices of around 25 dlrs a barrel.
    Ultimately this would lead to a rise in U.S. Imports. "If
you are not exploring you are not going to find anything," he
noted.
    U.S. Oil production had dropped some half mln barrels a day
(bbd) in 1986 and would continue to fall if the price stayed
below 20 dlrs a barrel.
    This favored OPEC's attempts to stabilise prices, as the
lower the price the more likelihood there was of non-OPEC
marginal production shutting down. "OPEC has done pretty
extraordinarily well...Everything is moving in (its) direction,"
he added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2065>
133.5 mln crowns vs 101 mln.
    Sales 1.61 billion vs 1.51 billion.
    Proposed dividend 0.80 crowns vs 0.40 crowns.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2079>
American Software Inc said its board
declared a three-for-two stock split on Class A and Class B
common shares, payable March 31, record March 16.
    The company said it expects to increase its semiannual
dividend 12.5 pct to six cts per share post-split from eight
cts pre-split.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2089>
Shr 78 cts vs 1.16 dlrs
    Net 6.7 mln vs 9.5 mln
    Revs 278 mln vs 290 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2092>
Shr 42 cts vs 19 cts
    Net 2,903,000 vs 1,307,000
    Revs 13.1 mln vs 8,937,000
    Avg shrs 6,877,360 vs 6,874,970
    Nine mths
    Shr 98 cts vs 62 cts
    Net 6,740,000 vs 4,085,000
    Revs 33.9 mln vs 27.8 mln
    Avg shrs 6,875,706 vs 6,605,879
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2099>
Shr 30 cts vs 36 cts
    Net 1,211,000 vs 1,428,000
    Revs 1,536,000 vs 1,743,000
    Year
    Shr 1.36 dlrs vs 62 cts
    Net 5,438,000 vs 2,498,000
    Revs 6,567,000 vs 2,971,000
    NOTE: Company began operations after its July 29, 1985
public offering, therefore annual data are not directly
comparable.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2101>
Shr 79 cts vs 72 cts
    Net 581,915 vs 536,040
    Revs 13.9 mln vs 13.3 mln
    Year
    Shr 3.28 dlrs vs 3.21 dlrs
    Net 2,413,407 vs 2,360,048
    Revs 54.9 mln vs 54.2 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2108>
Shares of Polaroid Corp rose following
a reiterated recommendation by Merrill Lynch and Co that
focused on strong earnings momentum for the company, traders
said.
    "We have been recommending the stock since it was in the
50s, but we reiterated today because of expectations of strong
earnings momentum, its benefits from the lower dollar and
anticipation of nice gains in margins," Merrill Lynch
analyst Charles Ryan said. He said a negative opinion by
another brokerage house hurt the stock Wednesday, and it can be
bought at a relatively bargain price today.
    Ryan said "you always have to look at Polaroid at its
weakness. Its a volatile stock that has to be caught on
weakness." Polaroid's stock, which gained more than a point
early this morning, was trading at 76-1/8, up 5/8. It was down
over three points Wednesday morning before closing down 7/8.
    "Polaroid is working overtime on production of cameras and
film, so we expect first quarter earnings to be up about 40
pct," Ryan said, estimating earnings of 70 cts a share in the
first quarter compared to 52 cts a share earned a year earlier.
He expects the company to earn four dlrs a share in 1987 as
compared to 3.34 dlrs a share last year.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2109>
Profit after net financial items
    500 mln crowns vs 359 mln
    Sales 10.90 billion crowns vs 10.72 billion
    Proposed dividend 12.50 crowns vs 10.50 crowns
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2112>
Oper shr 22 cts vs 20 cts
    Oper net 1,153,000 vs 1,068,000
    Revs 15.7 mln vs 15.8 mln
    Six mths
    Oper shr 38 cts vs 38 cts
    Oper net 2,039,000 vs 2,051,000
    Revs 31.4 mln vs 31.6 mln
    NOTE: exlcudes 145,000 discontinued operations for 1986
oper net for six mths for sale of electronics division.
    Oper shr for qtr and six mths 1986 adjusted for stock split
and dividend distribution in November.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2116>
Kidder Peabody and Co analyst Roy Burry
issued a strong buy recommendation on Pepsico Inc, citing an
improved profit outlook for both domestic soft drinks and
Frito-Lay snack foods.
    Pepsico climbed 7/8 to 34-3/4 on 615,000 shares by
midmorning.
    Burry forecast earnings of 2.00 dlrs per share in 1987 and
2.30 dlrs in 1988. In 1986 the company earned 1.75 dlrs per
share. Burry previously had a sell recommendation on Pepsico.
"We're looking at 10 to 15 pct earnings growth for Frito-lay in
1987, a trend that should continue through the decade."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2130>
MCI Communications Corp President
Bert Roberts said he expects MCI's financial performance to
improve in the current quarter compared to the previous
quarter.
    He said American Telephone and Telegraph Co long-distance
rate cuts had cut into MCI's fourth quarter performance but
added: "There's going to be a continuing impact (on profits) but
we expect this quarter to be better than the fourth quarter."
    The current quarter ends March 31.
    For the fourth quarter, MCI reported a 448 mln dlr loss,
due mainly to write-offs and staff reductions.
    Roberts said the ATT long-distance rate reductions, which
had been ordered by the Federal Communications Commission have
had "A significantly negative impact on our profits."
    As reported earlier today, MCI said it plans to ask the FCC
to immediately deregulate ATT, apparently in hopes that an
unregulated ATT would pocket a greater proportion of its
revenues rather than cut rates further.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2133>
Net 5,521,000 vs NA
    Revs 358.1 mln vs 359.0 mln
    Year
    Net 55.3 mln vs NA
    Revs 1.43 billion vs 1.34 billion
    NOTE: Current year includes earnings of 49.6 mln dlrs for
the four months ended April 30, 1986. Year-ago earnings not
comparable because of acquisition by Aancor Holdings Inc on
April 29, 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2137>
Results for year 1986 -
    Group pre-tax profit 385 mln crowns vs 380 mln
    Net turnover 14.17 billion crowns vs 16.69 billion
    Dividend eight pct vs nil
    Group profit after tax 16 mln crowns vs 244 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2148>
Shr 55 cts vs 24 cts
    Net 1.9 mln vs 800,000
    Revs 17.6 mln vs 12.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2149>
Period ended January 31
    Shr 61 cts vs 64 cts
    Shr diluted 60 cts vs 60 cts
    Net 96.5 mln vs 87.0 mln
    Loans 44.87 billion vs 48.07 billion
    Deposits 69.86 billion vs 68.45 billion
    Assets 83.92 billion vs 78.93 billion
    Note: shr after preferred dividends
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2153>
Qtly div 10 cts vs 10 cts prior
    Pay April Six
    Record March 16
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2154>
Qtly div five cts vs five cts prior
    Pay April 17
    Record March 16
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2163>
Qtly div 26-1/4 cts vs 25 cts prior
    Pay Aug 14
    Record June 30
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2167>
Shr loss one ct vs profit 15 cts
    Net loss 10,863 vs profit 176,344
    Revs 672,073 vs 766,066
    Year
    Shr loss seven cts vs loss one ct
    Net loss 77,804 vs loss 16,627
    Revs 1,717,810 vs 1,317,402
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2173>
National Convenience Stores Inc said it
expects to report a loss for the third quarter ending March 31
due to continued poor sales in Texas, especially in Houston.
    In last year's third quarter, National Convenience earned
1,788,000 dlrs or eight cts per share, including a gain of
2,883,000 dlrs from the sale of 186 stores to another operator.
 It said the results also included earnings from gasoline
operations of 2,500,000 dlrs or 11 cts per share caused by
unusually high gross margins on gasoline sales of 12.7 cts per
gallon that were caused by rapidly falling oil prices.
    National Convenience said its third quarter is usually weak
due to winter weather.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2182>
Shr 77 cts vs 76 cts
    Net 13,843,000 vs 14,478,000
    Sales 374.6 mln vs 368.3 mln
    Avg shrs 18,003,000 vs 19,025,000
    Year
    Shr 2.16 dlrs vs 2.65 dlrs
    Net 39,503,000 vs 51,573,000
    Revs 1.41 billion vs 1.41 billion
    Avg shrs 18,269,000 vs 19,497,000
    NOTE: 1986 period ended February One
    Company changed fiscal yearend to January 31 from October
31. 1986 results were restated to reflect the change.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2188>
Shr profit 20 cts vs loss two cts
    Net profit 2,665,000 vs loss 202,000
    Revs 12.1 mln vs 5,993,000
    Year
    Shr profit 35 cts vs loss 11 cts
    Net profit 4,653,000 vs loss 1,167,000
    Revs 35.1 mln vs 18.0 mln
    NOTE: Current qtr includes gain of 1.1 mln dlrs from tax
benefit.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2193>
Corning Glass Works' subsidiary
Corning International Corp said it agreed to transfer 55 pct of
its capital stock of an Argentine glass manufacturer to a
European group.
    It said it will transfer the capital stock of Rigolleau,
S.A., to the group controlled by Camillo Gancia, an Argentine
industrialist.
    The company said the transaction would reduce Corning's
ownership in Rigolleau to approximately 20 pct. The company
said the change will not impact on its net income for th year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2194>
Shr 73 cts vs 60 cts
    Net 43,792,000 vs 36,480,000
    Rev 1.78 billion vs 1.34 billion
    Year
    Shr 1.49 dlrs vs 1.61 dlrs
    Net 88,974,000 vs 94,647,000
    Rev 5.35 billion vs 4.04 billion
    NOTE: 4th qtr net includes pre-tax gain of 9.7 mln dlrs
from sale of real estate and real estate development company.
    Fiscal 1986 net includes extraordinary charge of 3.5 mln
dlrs, or six cts a share. All per share data reflects a
two-for-one stock split paid June 25, 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2196>
Zayre Corp said it plans to
open 25 additional Zayre Stores, 35 new T.J. Maxx stores and 50
Hit or Miss Shops in 1987.
    In addition, Zayre said it plans to add six new BJ's
Wholesale Clubs and eight new HomeClubs to its warehouse group.
    Earlier, the company reported 1986 earnings, ended January
31, of 89.0 mln dlrs, or 1.49 dlrs per share, versus 94.6 mln
dlrs, or 1.61 dlrs per share, in fiscal 1985. It also reported
fourth quarter net of 43.8 mln dlrs, or 73 cts a share, versus
36.5 mln dlrs, or 60 cts a share in 1985's fourth quarter.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2198>
Chrysler Corp said its board declared a
three-for-two stock split in the form of a 50 pct stock
dividend and raised the quarterly dividend by seven pct.
    The company said the dividend was raised to 37.5 cts a
share from 35 cts on a pre-split basis, equal to a 25 ct
dividend on a post-split basis.
    Chrysler said the stock dividend is payable April 13 to
holders of record March 23 while the cash dividend is payable
April 15 to holders of record March 23. It said cash will be
paid in lieu of fractional shares.
    With the split, Chrysler said 13.2 mln shares remain to be
purchased in its stock repurchase program that began in late
1984. That program now has a target of 56.3 mln shares with the
latest stock split.
    Chrysler said in a statement the actions "reflect not only
our outstanding performance over the past few years but also
our optimism about the company's future."
 reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2203>
&lt;Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce>,
earlier reporting higher net income for the first quarter ended
January 31, said it expects loan losses to be lower than last
year's 697.0 mln dlrs.
    However, the bank said it will maintain the high level of
provisioning for loan losses established last year because of
many market uncertainties. Commerce bank set loan loss
provisions of 636.0 mln dlrs in fiscal 1986, ended October 31.
    The bank earlier said first quarter net income rose to 96.5
mln dlrs from 87.0 mln dlrs in the prior year. Profit per basic
share after dividends fell to 61 cts from year-ago 64 cts.
    Commerce Bank said because of market uncertainties, it used
an estimate of 600.0 mln dlrs for fiscal 1987 loan losses in
calculating first quarter results.
    The bank's first quarter provision for loan losses rose to
172.0 mln dlrs, from 152.0 mln dlrs in the prior year.
    Commerce Bank also said it will continue to adopt an
agressive posture in adding to its general provisions against
loan exposure to 34 countries designated by the federal
government's Inspector General of Banks.
    First quarter net partly benefitted from net interest
income, up to 561.8 mln dlrs from year ago 540.9 mln dlrs.
    Commerce Bank said improved other income, which rose to
213.6 mln dlrs from year-earlier 170.1 mln dlrs, and net income
was partially offset by the increased loan loss provisions,
non-interest expenses and income taxes.
    The bank said first quarter total assets increased to 83.92
billion dlrs from 78.93 mln dlrs in the prior year, due mainly
to continued expansion in consumer loan and mortgage fields.
    Return on assets increased by two cts to 46 cts per 100
dlrs of average assets from the first quarter in fiscal 1986,
but declined two cts from fiscal 1986 fourth quarter.
    The bank also said total non-accrual loans increased to 2.4
billion dlrs in the first quarter from year-ago 1.8 billion
dlrs. However, non-accrual loans declined 130 mln dlrs from
fiscal 1986 year-end.
    "Despite the recent announcement of the suspension of
interest payments by Brazil, virtually all of the bank's loans
to this country were income producing up to January 31, 1987,
and there was little adverse impact on the bank's earnings
prior to the announcement," Commerce bank said.
    The bank did not disclose a forecast of the impact on
future earnings by Brazil's suspension of interest payments.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2205>
Qtr ends Jan 31
    Shr 3.26 dlrs vs 3.17 dlrs
    Net 47.9 mln vs 46.7 mln
    Revs 673.1 mln vs 630.2 mln
    12 mths
    Shr 7.54 dlrs vs 6.95 dlrs
    Net 111.1 mln vs 102.4 mln
    Revs 2.03 billion vs 1.88 billion
.
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2211>
Qtly div 73 cts vs 73 cts prior
    Pay March 31
    Record March 16
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2212>
Oper shr 57 cts vs 73 cts
    Oper net 6,051,000 vs 7,818,000
    Revs 50.0 mln vs 56.0 mln
    Year
    Oper shr 1.06 dlrs vs 1.24 dlrs
    Oper net 11,301,000 vs 13,203,000
    Revs 171.9 mln vs 207.4 mln
    NOTE: Current oper net excludes extraordinary income of
180,000 dlrs in qtr and 1,119,000 dlrs in year vs previous
losses of 2,345,000 dlrs and 515,000 dlrs, respectively.
                        
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2213>
Mthly div 2.108 cts vs 2.158 cts prior
    Pay March 26
    Record March 16
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2221>
Shr Royal Dutch Petroleum Co &lt;RD> 2.30 dlrs vs 2.90 dlrs
    Final Royal Dutch dividend of 8.30 guilders for total 12.80
guilders vs 12.80 guilders for 1985
    Shr Shell Transport and Trading Co PLC &lt;SC> 1.38 dlrs vs
1.65 dlrs
    Final Shell Transport dividend 118.0 pence for total of
172.0 pence vs 140.0 pence for 1985
    Group Net 1.07 billion vs 1.24 billion
    Group Sales 20.42 billion vs 25.84 billion
    Year
    Shr Royal Dutch 8.65 dlrs vs 9.11 dlrs
    Net Shell Transport 4.78 dlrs vs 5.16 dlrs
    Group Net 3.71 billion vs 3.88 billion
    Group Sales 81.40 billion vs 94.57 billion
    NOTES: Group is 60 pct owned by Royal Dutch and 40 pct by
Shell Transport
    Dollar amount of Royal Dutch dividend will depend on
guilder/dollar exchange rate on May 14. Final dividend is
payable June 16 to holders of record May 26
    Shell Transport dividend and per share results based on New
York shares, which are equal to four ordinary shares. Dollar
final dividend will be determined by sterling/dollar exchange
rate May 18. At current rate, with tax credits, is equal to
2.59 dlrs. Final dividend is payable May 28 to holders of
record April 10
    Fourth quarter U.S. dollar figures for group translated
from sterling at average rate of exchange for the quarter which
was 1.43 dlrs per pound in 1986 and 1.44 dlrs in 1985. Full
year U.S. dollar figures are sum of sterling translations to
U.S. dollars for first, second, third and fourth quarters
    Net includes FIFO inventory gain 217 mln dlrs vs loss 80
mln dlrs in quarter and loss 1.23 billion dlrs vs loss 178 mln
dlrs in year. If LIFO accounting had been used, company said,
Royal Dutch per share net would have been 1.78 dlrs vs 3.17
dlrs in quarter and 11.60 dlrs vs 9.53 dlrs in year, Shell
Transport per share net would have been 1.10 dlrs vs 1.81 dlrs
in quarter and 6.36 dlrs vs 5.40 dlrs in year
    Net includes restructuring credit 114 mln dlrs vs charge 72
mln dlrs in quarter and credit 67 mln dlrs vs charge 467 mln
    Per share impact of restructuring on Royal Dutch was credit
27 cts vs charge 17 cts in quarter and credit 16 cts vs charge
1.10 dlrs in year, on Shell Transport was credit 15 cts vs
charge 10 cts in quarter and credit nine cts vs charge 62 cts
in year
    Net also includes currency exchange losses of 20 mln dlrs
vs 69 mln dlrs in quarter and 170 mln dlrs vs 401 mln dlrs in
year. Exchange losses had per share impact on Royal Dutch of 14
cts vs 31 cts in quarter and 96 cts vs 1.26 dlrs in year and on
Shell Transport of eight cts vs 17 cts in quarter and 51 cts vs
71 cts in year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2227>
Shr loss two cts vs profit three cts
    Net loss 77,400 vs profit 134,000
    Revs 418,500 vs 435,900
    Year
    Shr profit eight cts vs profit 27 cts
    Net profit 315,100 vs profit 1,082,700
    Revs 1,761,900 vs 2,511,200
    NOTE: Per-share figures adjusted for four-for-three stock
distribution effective Dec 14, 1984
    1985 results include an extraordinary tax benefit of 55,000
dlrs, or one ct a share in each period
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2230>
Engelhard Corp said its board
declared a three-for-two stock split and raised the quarterly
dividend to 19-1/2 cts per share presplit from 19 cts, both
payable March 31 to holders of record March 17.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2234>
Shr loss six cts vs profit two cts
    Net loss 196,000 vs profit 71,000
    Revs 2,512,000 vs 5,776,000
    Year
    Shr loss 1.09 dlrs vs loss 18 cts
    Net loss 3,509,000 vs loss 587,000
    Revs 12.0 mln vs 21.0 mln
    Note: 1986 year includes special charge of 1,600,000 dlrs,
or 50 cts per shr on write-down of rental equipment.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2236>
Shr 2.10 dlrs vs 1.72 dlrs
    Shr diluted 1.98 dlrs vs 1.72 dlrs
    Net 2,228,000 vs 1,730,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2238>
Qtly div 27 cts vs 27 cts prior qtr
    Pay 1 April
    Record 16 March
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2249>
Shr profit 20 cts vs loss two cts
    Net profit 2,665,000 vs loss 202,000
    Revs 12,141,000 vs 5,993,000
    Year
    Shr profit 35 cts vs loss 11 cts
    Net profit 4,653,000 vs loss 1,167,000
    Revs 35.1 mln vs 18.0 mln
    NOTE: company corrects reporting period to 4th qtr and year
from 3rd qtr and nine mths
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2252>
Period ended January 31
    Shr loss five cts vs profit eight cts
    Net loss 247,100 vs profit 345,300
    Sales 4,529,300 vs 3,482,800
    Nine mths
    Shr profit six cts vs profit 18 cts
    Net profit 261,300 vs profit 793,700
    Sales 12.3 mln vs 9,957,200
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2253>
Shr 18 cts vs 31 cts
    Net 7,168,000 vs 11.3 mln
    Sales 497.4 mln vs 475.6 mln
    Avg shrs 39.6 mln vs 37.1 mln
    Year
    Shr 1.34 dlrs vs 1.64 dlrs
    Net 52.2 mln vs 59.7 mln
    Sales 2.28 billion vs 2.07 billion
    Avg shrs 39.0 mln vs 36.5 mln
    NOTE: Current year net both periods includes charge
2,885,000 dlrs or seven cts shr from early note retirement and
charge seven cts shr from reversal of tax credits.
    Current year net both periods includes gain six cts shr
from plywood manufacturers litigation settlement.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2259>
Midland Co said its board declared a
two-for-one stock split, subject to approval of a doubling of
authorized common shares at the annual meeting on April 9, and
an increase in the quarterly dividend to 12 cts pre-split from
10 cts.
    The dividend is payable April 8, record March 17, and the
split would be payable May 7, record April 23.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2260>
The Prudential Insurance Company of
America, a privately held company, said today that net income
in 1986 rose to 2.8 billion dlrs from the 2.3 billion dlrs
reported the year earlier.
    Assets under management rose to 177.5 billion dlrs in 1986
from 150.1 billion dlrs in 1985, while consolidated assets
jumped to 134.5 billion dlrs from 115.7 billion dlrs.
    Discussing its major subsidiaries, the company said that
Prudential Capital and Investment Services Inc, the holding
company for brokerage house Prudential-Bache Securities and
certain other related subsidiaries, earned 142 million dlrs in
1986. Of that, the securities operations of Prudential-Bache
netted 81.7 mln dlrs after taxes and a charge of 25 mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2265>
Aequitron Medical Inc said costs
related to its previously announced plan to consolidate Life
Products operations in Boulder, Colo, are expected to total
720,000 dlrs, or eight cts a share for the fourth quarter
ending April 30.
    It said the costs including moving expenses, severance pay
and future lease payments.
    The company said it will consolidate Life Products into the
company's headquarters and manufacturing operations in
Minneapolis.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2266>
Shr 23 cts vs 17 cts
    Net 1,742,000 vs 1,1512,000
    Sales 62.6 mln vs 53.6 mln
    Avg shrs 7,854,000 vs 6,617,000
    Year
    Shr 61 cts vs 61 cts
    Net 4,469,000 vs 4,039,000
    Sales 209.8 mln vs 175.4 mln
    Avg shrs 78,369,000 vs 6,610,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2270>
Qtr ended Dec 31
    Shr nil vs nil
    Net loss 59,922 vs loss 357,203
    Revs 714,263 vs 926,964
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2273>
Shr 42 cts vs 1.21 dlrs
    Net 2,317,000 vs 5,847,000
    Sales 360.0 mln vs 282.4 mln
    Avg shrs 5,463,000 vs 4,829,000
    NOTE: 1986 net includes 4,700,000 dlr pretax charge from
writedown of land and abandonment of land and pretax charges of
5,800,00 dlrs from pending rescission offer, settlements with
U.S. agencies, adjustment of the prior booking of residuals
arising from collateralized mortgage obligation bond issues,
writedowns of land held by a joint venture, startup costs
associated with entering new markets, an increase in reserves
for customer service and writeoffs and reserves for
mortgage-related receivables to reflect current market values.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2275>
Qtr ended Jan 31
    Shr profit nine cts vs loss 30 cts
    Net profit 317,000 vs loss 997,000
    Sales 6,338,000 vs 3,119,000
    Note: 1986 net includes extraordinary gain of 90,000 dlrs,
or two cts per shr.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2276>
Shr loss 19 cts vs profit seven cts
    Net loss 851,000 vs profit 227,000
    Revs 2,600,000 vs 4,800,000
    Year
    Shr loss 46 cts vs profit 19 cts
    Net loss 2,100,000 vs profit 600,000
    Revs 9,900,000 vs 15.9 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2279>
Year to Feb 28
    Shr 1,700.3 cts vs 1,533.0
    Pre-tax 373.3 mln rand vs 341.0 mln
    Net 373.3 mln vs 336.5 mln
    Tax nil vs 4.5 mln
    Final div 900 cts making 1,600 cts vs 1,450
    Div payable April 24, register March 20
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2298>
Shr 22 cts vs 25 cts
    Net 472,000 vs 454,000
    Revs 16.2 mln vs 15.2 mln
    Avg shrs 2,135,315 vs 1,835,325
    12 mths
    Shr 71 cts vs 70 cts
    Net 1,393,000 vs 1,285,000
    Rwevs 61,805,000 vs 55,367,000
    Avg shares 1,960,319 vs 1,835,325
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2303>
Allied-Signal Inc's 49.7 pct owned
&lt;Union Texas Petroleum Co> affiliate said it has restated its
fourth quarter and full-year losses and revenues to increase
the provision for the proposed settlement of a price dispute
involving Indonesian liquefied natural gas.
    It said the restated increases the provision against 1986
fourth quarter earnings to 23.5 mln dlrs from 15.5 mln dlrs
estimated earlier.
    Union Texas said its fourth quarter loss was increased to
29.5 mln dlrs from 21.5 mln dlrs reported previously and
revenues reduiced to 214 mln dlrs from 228 mln dlrs.
    Union Texas said for the full year it restated its loss to
57.5 mln dlrs from 49.5 mln dlrs and revenues to 1.26 billion
dlrs from 1.27 billion dlrs.
    the restatement results from a tentative agreement reached
in February with Pertamina, the Indonesian state-owned
petroleum enterprise, and Japanese purchasers of LNG.
    Kohlberg Kravis Roberts and Co also owns 49.7 pct of Union
Texas and the remainder is owned by management.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2304>
Shr 12 cts vs 34 cts
    Net 787,000 vs 2,250,000
    Revs 23.6 mln vs 23.6 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 70 cts vs 1.06 dlrs
    Net 4,598,000 vs 6,974,000
    Revs 73.1 mln vs 73.6 mln
    NOTE: Share adjusted for three-for-two stock split in
December 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2307>
Imperial Chemical Industries PLC
expects earnings from its pharmaceuticals operations to grow  
to about 35 pct of world profits within the next five years
compared with a current 30 pct, chairman elect Denys Henderson
told financial analysts.
    "Over the next five years we expect to launch one major new
product each year," Henderson said.
    He also said research and development spending in this
business segment will be increased to 14 pct of total sales
income in 1987 from 13 pct, or 130 mln sterling, in 1986.
    ICI, the world's fifth largest chemicals firm in terms of
sales, recently reported 1986 profits of about 888 mln dlrs on
15 billion dlrs in sales, compared with income of 817 mln dlrs
on 15.87 billion dlrs in sales a year earlier.
    Sales in the United States totaled about three billion
dlrs, ICI executives said.
    In addition, Henderson said overall corporate growth will
come from ICI's research and development activities, but the
company intends to continue to grow through an acquisition
program.
    ICI spent just under one billion dlrs for acquisitions
during 1986, the largest of which was the 580 mln dlr purchase
of Cleveland, Ohio-based Glidden Inc, a paints, resins and
coatings company, from &lt;Hanson Trust PLC>.
    ICI financial director Alan Clements said the company's
borrowing limits are at a level of about 6.3 billion sterling,
1.5 billion of which have already been used.
    While the company has no current plans for a major
acquisition, "we are ready to move quickly in the acquisition
field if the need arises," Clements said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2308>
SafeCard Services Inc said
its board declared a three-for-two stock split and is
maintaining the quarterly dividend on post-split shares at the
same six cts it now pays for an effective 50 pct increase.
    Both the split and the dividend are payable April 30 to
holders of record March 31.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2309>
Oper shr profit two cts vs loss 31 cts
    Oper net 72,000 vs loss 1,130,000
    Sales 7,896,000 vs 9,333,000
    1st half
    Oper shr profit 32 cts vs profit eight cts
    Oper net profit 1,187,000 vs profit 299,000
    Sales 21.3 mln vs 26.0 mln
    NOTE: Current year net excludes tax credits of 54,000 dlrs
in quarter and 945,000 dlrs in year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2312>
S.A.Y. Industries Inc said it
expects a loss of about two mln dlrs in its third quarter ended
February 28 from the proposed sale of its Omnilab Inc health
care unit.
    S.A.Y said its board of directors approved the unit's sale
because Omnilab was losing about 140,000 dlrs a quarter.
    "We no longer see a near-term prospect for a reasonable
return on our investment," Romilly Humphries, S.A.Y. president
and chief executive officer said.
    S.A.Y. said proceeds from the sale would be used to
increase the company's market share in automotive products
packaging and diversify its packaging capabilities.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2316>
Shr profit 26 cts vs loss 86 cts
    Oper net profit 780,000 vs loss 2,609,000
    Revs 12.2 mln vs 17.1 mln
    Year
    Oper shr profit 5.28 dlrs vs loss 1.11 dlrs
    Oper net profit 16.1 mln vs loss 3,311,000
    Revs 64.9 mln vs 69.8 mln
    NOTE: 1986 year net excludes 598,000 dlr tax credit.
    1986 net includes pretax gains on sale of property of
2,330,000 dlrs in quarter and 24.5 mln dlrs in year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2320>
Shr four cts vs 12 cts
    Net 248,000 vs 647,000
    Revs 23.7 mln vs 21.9 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2332>
Qtly div 37-1/2 cts vs 37-1/2 cts prior qtr
    Pay 1 April
    Record 16 March
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2333>
Oper shr profit 11 cts vs loss 2.45 dlrs
    Oper net profit 3,594,000 vs loss 81.9 mln
    Revs 38.5 mln vs 48.2 mln
    NOTE: 1986 net excludes 68.5 mln dlr gain from debt
extinguishment.
    1985 net includes 72.0 mln dlr writedown of drilling rigs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2335>
Shr loss 28 cts vs loss 32 cts
    Net loss 2,585,000 vs loss 2,885,000
    Sales 27.6 mln vs 23.5 mln
    Avg shrs 9,352,000 vs 9,049,000
    1st half
    Shr loss 63 cts vs loss 94 cts
    Net loss 5,867,000 vs loss 8,405,000
    Sales 51.9 mln vs 43.7 mln
    Avg shrs 9,349,000 vs 8,966,000
    NOTE: Prior year net includes tax credits of 1,827,000 dlrs
in quarter and 5,347,000 dlrs in half.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2337>
Shr 40 cts vs 25 cts
    Net 1,369,602 vs 628,193
    Revs 12.5 mln vs 4,909,369
    Avg shrs 3,460,217 vs 2,610,913
    Year
    Shr 97 cts vs 54 cts
    Net 2,952,830 vs 1,414,369
    Revs 37.0 mln vs 13.5 mln
    Avg shr 3,031,494 vs 2,609,313
    Note: Prior qtr and year per share figures restated for 10
pct stock dividend of December 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2338>
Shr one ct vs nil
    Net 9,949,000 vs 3,799,000
    Revs 15.5 mln vs 13.5 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2339>
Qtly div 30 cts vs 30 cts prior
    Pay March 31
    Record March Five
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2340>
Qtly div 22 cts vs 22 cts prior
    Pay April 30
    Record April 10 
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2342>
Shr loss 46 cts vs loss 1.17 dlrs
    Net loss 4,990,000 vs loss 12.8 mln
    Revs 47.0 mln vs 42.3 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 3.08 dlrs vs loss 1.28 dlrs
    Net loss 33.7 mln vs loss 13.3 mln
    Revs 132.8 mln vs 132.5 mln
    Avg shrs 10.9 mln vs 10.4 mln
    NOTE: Includes losses of 501,000 vs 83,000 in qtr and 2.2
mln vs 83,000 in year from equity of 50 pct-owned companies.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2346>
Qtly div 7-1/2 cts vs 7-1/2 cts prior
    Pay April 10
    Record March 27 
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2347>
Qtly div 45 cts vs 45 cts prior
    Pay March 31
    Record March 20 
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2348>
Qtly div eight cts vs eight cts prior
    Pay May 11
    Record April 24 
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2350>
Oper shr profit 14 cts vs loss 31 cts
    Oper net profit 374,000 vs loss 707,000
    Revs 19.1 mln vs 15.5 mln
    Avg shrs 2,610,000 vs 2,560,000
    Year
    Oper shr profit 20 cts vs loss 69 cts
    Oper net profit 530,000 vs loss 1,376,000
    Revs 69.1 mln vs 64.3 mln
    Avg shrs 2,603,000 vs 2,565,000
    NOTE: Excludes gain of 309,000 dlrs vs loss 72,000 dlrs in
qtr and gains of 458,000 dlrs vs 23,000 dlrs in year from tax
loss carryforwards. Includes gains of 76,000 dlrs and 378,000
dlrs in 1985 qtr and year, respectively.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2353>
Oper shr 1.18 dlrs vs 58 cts
    Oper net 2,266,000 vs 1,037,000
    Revs 45.8 mln vs 41.4 mln
    Avg shrs 1,924,000 vs 1,800,000
    NOTE: Excludes gain of 73,000 dlrs vs 290,000 dlrs from
benefit of tax loss carryforward.
    Results for Tel Aviv, Israel-based company translated at
rate of one dlr to 1.485 new Israeli shekels.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2357>
Tandem Computers Inc said it expects
higher earnings and revenues in its second fiscal quarter
ending March 31 against a year ago.
    "We feel we will continue to see higher growth in the
quarter," James Treybig, president and and chief executive
officer, told a meeting of securities analysts.
    In the second fiscal quarter last year, Tandem earned
9,950,000 dlrs or 29 cts per share on revenues of 176.3 mln
dlrs.
    Treybig declined to offer specific projections for the
quarter but he said the results might be lower than those for
the first quarter of fiscal 1987, when Tandem earned 27.1 mln
dlrs or 58 cts a share. He said Tandem's second quarter is
traditionally slower than the first.
    L.F. Rothschild Unterberg Towbin analyst Frederic Cohen
estimated Tandem's second quarter net at 40 to 45 cts per
share. For the full year, he said he expects the computer maker
to earn about 2.40 dlrs a share. In fiscal 1986, Tandem earned
1.44 dlrs a share.
    Treybig, who founded the Cupertino, Calif.-based company,
said he has seen a rebound in computer orders in the United
States. "The U.S. economy is picking up, and buying decisions
are being made. We didn't see that a year ago," he said.
    The executive said Tandem will increase its research and
development spending to about 100 mln dlrs this year from 87
mln dlrs in fiscal 1986.
    He said the company plans to introduce several products,
including two low-end systems and a data base that uses the SQL
programming language, an industry standard. Tandem also won a
major order from the &lt;Bank of Tokyo>.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2366>
Oppenheimer and Co analyst Robert
McAdoo raised his 1987 earnings estimate for NWA Inc, parent of
Northwest Airlines, following a strong quarterly report by the
company yesterday, according to Oppenheimer market strategist
Michael Metz.
    NWA shares rose 1-5/8 to 74-3/8 in active trading.
    McAdoo raised his 1987 estimate to 7.50 dlrs a share from
five dlrs and maintained a buy recommendation on the stock,
Metz said.
    McAdoo was traveling and could not be reached for comment.
    Yesterday, Minneapolis-based NWA reported fourth quarter
net of about 9.8 mln dlrs or 45 cts a share against a loss of
two mln dlrs or nine cts in the 1985 quarter.
    For the year, earnings rose to 76.9 mln dlrs or 3.26 dlrs
from 73.1 mln or 3.18 dlrs. The 1986 results include Republic
Airlines since NWA acquired it Aug 12, 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2370>
Yellow Freight System Inc said
its expects 1987 first quarter profits to be substantially
below the 14.2 mln dlrs or 50 cts a share earned in the same
period a year ago.
    Revenues have been depressed by recent price discounting,
added costs from expansion programs, lower shipping volumes and
increased costs associated with severe weather conditions
on the East coast, company officials told analysts here.
    An industry-wide rate hike of 2.9 pct, set for April one,
will cover Yellow Freight's upcoming labor and other costs but
will not make a contribution to operating margins, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2379>
Homestead Financial Corp
said it has increased the dividend on its Class A common shares
to 6-1/4 cts a share, from five cts prior, while declaring an
initial dividend on its Class B common stock of 3-3/4 cts a
share.
    Homestead said the two classes of stock emerged as part of
its recapitalization plan which also doubled the number of
authorized common, comprising both classes, to 11 mln shares.
    Homestead said the dividends are payable on April 6, to
shareholders of record March 20.
    Homestead also said that class b shareholders who want to
increase their dividends may exchange their shares for an equal
number of class A shares on or before March 20.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2380>
Oper shr 52 cts vs 51 cts
    Oper net 626,013 vs 613,127
    Sales 4,544,929 vs 4,402,572
    NOTE: Earnings exclude extraordinary securities loss of
29,532 dlrs, or two cts a share vs a gain of 81,358 dlrs, or
seven cts a share

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2385>
Qtly div 12.5 cts vs nil
    Pay April 3
    Record March 16
    Note: in quarters preceeding 4th qtr, dividend was 29 cts.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2386>
Oper shr 1.18 dlrs vs 58 cts
    Oper net 2,266,000 vs 1,037,000
    Revs 45.8 mln vs 41.4 mln
    Avg shrs 1,924,000 vs 1,800,000
    NOTE: Excludes gain of 73,000 dlrs vs 290,000 dlrs from
benefit of tax loss carryforward.
    Results for Tel Aviv, Israel-based company translated at
rate of one dlr to 1.485 new Israeli shekels.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2391>
Qtly div 40 cts vs 40 cts
    Pay April 10
    Record March 25
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2393>
Shr 13 cts vs eight cts
    Net 1,364,712 vs 881,082
    Rev 11.6 mln vs 11.5 mln
    NOTE: Qtr includes extraordinary gain of 586,826 dlrs, or
six cts a share, versus 183,850 dlrs or two cts a share in
fiscal 1986's first qtr.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2396>
Qtly div 65-1/2 cts vs 65-1/2 cts prior
    Pay April 15
    Record March 19
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2397>
Qtly div 15 cts vs 15 cts previously
    Pay May 29
    Record May Eight
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2398>
FFB Corp, parent of the First
Federal Bank of Connecticut FSB, said it declared an initial
quarterly dividend of five cts per share.
    The company said the dividend is payable March 31 to
holders of record March 17.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2405>
Combined International Corp should have
another strong year, President Patrick G. Ryan told analysts,
although he declined to forecast earnings specifically.
    In 1986, the company reported operating income of 5.51 dlrs
a share, up from 4.84 dlrs a share a year earlier. Revenues
increased to 1.81 billion dlrs from 1.36 billion dlrs.
    Ryan said Combined is testing a direct response long-term
care product through its Union Fidelity Life Insurance Co and
has plans to offer it through Ryan Insurance Group.
    In answer to a question on Combined's possible exposure to
AIDS-related health claims, Ryan said it was "minimal" although
he conceded that every carrier who provides coverage is
vulnerable.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2409>
Shr nine cts vs three cts
    Net 549,000 vs 72,000
    Rev 7.0 mln vs 2.8 mln
    Year
    Shr 49 cts vs 32 cts
    Net 2,441,000 vs 801,000
    Rev 19.6 mln vs 9.7 mln
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2421>
Shr 17 cts vs 84 cts
    Net 709,000 vs 3,605,000
    Rev 86.4 mln vs 87.0 mln
    Year
    Shr 1.79 dlrs vs 1.10 dlrs
    Net 7,452,000 vs 4,695,000
    Rev 362.8 mln vs 316.0 mln
    NOTE: 1986 net includes gains from sale of non-operating
assets of 800,000 dlrsm versus 1.2 mln dlrs in 1985.
    1985 net includes nonrecurring cost of 2.6 mln dlrs and
provision for separation pay of 1.5 mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2428>
Union Carbide Corp said its 1986
long term debt was 3.06 billion dlrs compared to 1.71 billion
dlrs in 1985.
    The company released its audited 1986 results.
    The company also said its long term debt was reduced by
about 1.5 billion dlrs from the third quarter to the end of the
year by asset sales and equity offerings. Union Carbide sold
its battery products, home and automobile products and
agricultural products businesses in 1986. In the fourth
quarter, it offered 30 mln shares of stock, raising about 650
mln dlrs.
    The asset sales and equity offering were part of a
recapitalization plan undertaken by the chemicals company last
year.
    Audited net earnings in 1986 of 496 mln dlrs or 4.78 dlrs a
share compared to a 1985 loss of 581 mln dlrs or 2.78 dlrs were
unchanged from the company's preliminary earnings report made
on Jan 28. The earnings results for the fourth quarter were
also unchanged.
    Included in the 1986 numbers are a 564 mln dlr gain from
sale of the different businesses, a 270 mln dlr pension credit
and a charge of 473 mln dlrs from the purchase of long term
debt at a premium under the recapitalization.
    In the audited results released today, the company broke
down results by business segment.
    Operating profit in the fourth quarter for all of the
company's operations on a consolidated basis, before corporate
and interest expense and taxes, was 181 mln dlrs against a loss
of three mln dlrs in the 1985 quarter.
    In the year, operating profit was 791 mln dlrs compared to
a loss of 253 mln dlrs in 1985.
    In a statement, the company said it defeated a hostile
takeover attempt, by GAF Corp &lt;GAF>, and recapitalized the
company, adding, "While all this was going on, our continuing
businesses performed very soundly, with substantial operating
profit improvement over 1985."
    Carbon products posted operating profit of eight mln dlrs
in the quarter, down from 29 mln dlrs, and 49 mln dlrs in the
year against a loss of 146 mln dlrs.
    Chemicals and plastics had fourth quarter operating profit
of 122 mln dlrs compared to a year-ago loss of 49 mln dlrs. In
the year, chemicals and plastics earned 472 mln dlrs against
losses of 142 mln dlrs in 1985.
    Operating income at industrial gases rose to 64 mln dlrs
from 55 mln in the quarter and to 276 mln dlrs from 222 mln in
the year.
    The company's specialties and services segment cut its
losses in the quarter to 13 mln dlrs from 40 mln dlrs and in
the year to three mln dlrs from 181 mln dlrs.
    Eliminations of business conducted between the company's
industry segments contributed two mln dlrs to fourth quarter
1985 profits but did not affect the 1986 quarter. The
eliminations caused losses of three mln dlrs compared to six
mln dlrs in the year.
    The 1985 operating results include a host of unusual
writeoffs and depreciation charges totaling 134 mln dlrs in the
quarter and 906 mln dlrs in the year.
    Capital expenditures rose to 524 mln dlrs in 1986 from 501
mln dlrs.
    By segment, spending at carbon products fell to 42 mln dlrs
from 57 mln dlrs and spending fell at specialties and services
to 126 mln dlrs from 143 mln dlrs.
    At chemicals and plastics, expenditures rose to 147 mln
dlrs from 133 mln and at industrial gases they rose to 209 mln
dlrs from 168 mln dlrs.
    The company's cash and equivalents fell to 299 mln dlrs at
year end from 430 mln dlrs at year end 1985, after a net
decrease of 131 mln dlrs during 1986.
    Current assets at year-end fell to 2.41 billion dlrs from
4.43 billion dlrs and current liabilities fell to 1.88 billion
dlrs from 2.38 billion.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2429>
Shr loss 49 cts vs loss 1.36 dlrs
    Net loss 928,835 vs loss 1,648,665
    Year
    Shr loss 33 cts vs loss 4.21 dlrs
    Net loss 593,533 vs loss 4,970,951
    Assets 203.9 mln
    Loans 151.5 mln
    Deposits 192.0 mln
    Note: 1986 loss included non-recurring expenses of
1,275,000 dlrs comprised of asset write-downs, legal proceeding
and a 930,000-dlr provision for loan losses.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2433>
Shr 23 cts vs 28 cts
    Net 8,877,000 vs 9,530,000
    Revs 342 mln vs 278.9 mln
    Avg shrs 39.4 mln vs 34 mln
    Year
    Shr 1.91 dlrs vs 1.62 dlrs
    Net 70.5 mln vs 50.5 mln
    Revs 1.3 billion vs 990.5 mln
    Avg shrs 37 mln vs 31.3 mln
    NOTE: On Dec one, 1986, company acquired Holt, Rinehart and
Winston and W.B. Saunders and The Dryden Press and their
foreign subsidiaries. By including these companies for the
single month of December 1986, 4th qtr earnings were raised by
seven cts per shr and for the year by eight cts per shr.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2435>
Shell Francaise &lt;SFMF.PA>, a subsidiary of
&lt;Shell Petroleum NV>, returned to the black last year for the
first time since 1982, with parent company net profit of 43 mln
francs against losses of 968 mln in 1985 and 1.07 billion in
1984. In 1982 it posted a profit of 329 mln.
    The company said in a statement that cash flow had improved
strongly although it remained negative at 182 mln francs
against 1.34 billion in 1985, due largely to improved
performances by its main profit centres.
    It said the results could have been even better had it not
been for the collapse of refining and sales profit margins in
the last quarter of the year.
    In 1986 Shell sold 14.74 mln tonnes of oil products against
14.52 mln tonnes in 1985.
    The company said the results were in line with its targets
for the second year of its three-year recovery programme.
    Meanwhile, &lt;Societe Shell Chimie) said it also returned to
profit in 1986, for the first time since 1976, posting net
profit of 160 mln francs against a 1985 loss of 57 mln. No
other details were available.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2437>
Shr loss 28 cts vs loss 29 cts
    Net loss 584,100 vs loss 459,500
    Sales 1,339,800 vs 1,6390,800
    Year
    Shr loss 64 cts vs loss 79 cts
    Net loss 1,314,700 vs loss 1,237,100
    Sales 7,249,600 vs 6,311,500
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2440>
Qtly div 19 cts vs 19 cts in prior qtr
    Payable May one
    Record April two
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2458>
Shr loss 1.62 dlrs vs profit 83 cts
    Net loss 17.2 mln vs profit 8.3 mln
    Revs 264.0 mln vs 338.0 mln
    NOTE:Year ago figures based on 12 months ended February 28,
1986 because company changed reporting period to end December
31.
   1986 10 months loss includes 10.3 mln dlrs writedown of
certain assets.
                        
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2459>
Shr 20 cts vs 17 cts
    Net 680,000 vs 533,000
    Sales 6,473,000 vs 5,996,000
    Year
    Shr 57 cts vs 84 cts
    Net 1,967,000 vs 2,099,000
    Sales 20.8 mln vs 19.0 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2471>
Oper shr profit 63 cts vs loss 1.15 dlrs
    Oper net profit 6,629,000 vs loss 12.4 mln
    Revs 23.6 mln vs 22.4 mln
    Year
    Oper shr profit 1.65 dlrs vs loss 1.28 dlrs
    Oper net profit 17.5 mln vs loss 13.8 mln
    Revs 93.1 mln vs 86.8 mln
    Note: Oper data does not include loss from discontinued
operations of 7,932,000 dlrs, or 73 cts per shr in 4th qtr
1985, loss of 40.5 mln dlrs, or 3.83 dlrs per shr in the 1986
year or gain of 104.3 mln dlrs, or 9.68 dlrs per shr in 1985.
Also does not include 4th qtr 1985 extraordinary loss of
1,028,000 dlrs, or ten cts per shr.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2478>
Shr loss four cts vs loss 34 cts
    Net loss 2,922,000 vs loss 19.9 mln
    Revs 4,071,000 vs 8,012,000
    Year
    Shr loss 23 cts vs loss 79 cts
    Net loss 17.3 mln vs loss 46.2 mln
    Revs 22.4 mln vs 28.6 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2479>
Shr loss 94 cts vs profit 28 cts
    Net loss 6,319,337 vs profit 1,702,016
    Revs 2,899,513 vs 5,239,106
    Note: 1986 net includes 5,250,000 dlr writedown of oil and
gas properties.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2482>
Qtly div 41 cts vs 41 cts
    Pay June 10
    Record May 29
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2483>
Shr 36 cts vs 68 cts
    Net 10.0 mln vs 16.1 mln
    Revs 441.6 mln vs 470.8 mln
    YEAR
    Shr 86 cts vs 1.77 dlrs
    Net 29.1 mln vs 44.1 mln
    Revs 1.43 billion vs 1.54 billion
    Note: 1986 fl-yr net includes 9.3 mln dlr writedown of U.S.
oil and gas properties partly offset by 1.1 mln dlr
extraordinary gain from tax gains and proceeds from sale of
Minnesota utility operations. 1985 net includes extraordinary
gain of 892,000 dlrs.
    Shr after preferred divs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2484>
Shr profit 26 cts vs profit 10 cts
    Net profit 1,371,000 vs profit 482,000
    Revs 48 mln vs 45.7 mln
    Avg shrs 5.20 mln vs 5.15 mln
    12 mths
    Shr profit 1.05 dlrs vs loss 34 cts
    Net profit 5,454,000 vs loss 1,766,000
    Revs 191.7 mln vs 185.2 mln
    Avg shrs 5.20 mln vs 5.15 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2488>
Qtr ends Dec 31
    Shr loss 33 cts vs loss 16 cts
    Net loss 5,632,426 vs loss 2,373,358
    Revs 3,277,976 vs 1,535,550
    Avg shrs 16.9 mln vs 14.4 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2490>
Shr basic 42 cts vs 1.41 dlrs
    Shr diluted 42 cts vs 1.33 dlrs
    Net 4,394,000 vs 13,070,000
    Revs 191.0 mln vs 223.3 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2492>
&lt;Spar Aerospace Ltd>, reporting a
sharply lower 1986 profit, said it anticipated solid profit and
revenue growth during the next five years.
    "Looking to the longer term, Spar is confident that its
continuing concentration on advanced robotics, satellite-based
communications and electro-optical defense systems will lead to
significant growth in revenues and earnings over the next five
years," the company said.
    It also forecast higher 1987 sales due to an increased
order backlog. Revenues last year fell to 191 mln dlrs from
223.3 mln while profit fell to 4.4 mln dlrs from 13.1 mln.
    Spar added that lower development costs in the
communications group and a return to normal operations in gears
and transmissions and aviation services "will remove a serious
drain on profits" this year.
    It attributed its reduced 1986 earnings to communications
group losses resulting from continued heavy investment in new
products and market development, a four-month strike at its
Toronto plants and delays in receipt of authorization from
customers to start work on new programs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2494>
Qtly div 28-3/4 cts vs 28-3/4 cts prior
    Pay April three
    Record March 13
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2496>
Periods ended January 31
    Net 1,443,000 vs 3,539,000
    Revs 765.2 mln vs 685.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2504>
Shr 39 cts vs not given
    Net 8,801,000 vs not given
    Revs 33.2 mln vs not given
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2513>
Paradyne Corp said it pleaded guilty
to criminal charges of conspiracy to defraud the Social
Security Administration and agreed to pay 1.2 mln dlrs in fines
and costs to the U.S. Government.
    The company also reached agreements in principle for an 8.1
mln dlr settlement of class action law suits.
    About 2.9 mln dlrs of the class action settlement will be
provided by Paradyne's insurance carrier. The settlement is
contingent on court approval after notice to class members, it
said.
     The criminal case settlement dismisses all charges
including bribery and false statement, except for conspiracy to
which Paradyne pleaded guilty.
    The criminal settlement includes the lifting of the
government's suspension, the dismissal of the federal civil
false claims suit and all charges against the individuals.
    Of the 2.9 mln dlrs the insurance carrier will provide for
the civil settlement, 750,000 dlrs will go to settle a
derivative lawsuit.
    For the year ended December 31, Paradyne reported a net
loss of 38.5 mln dlrs. The year-end results include an 8.0 mln
dlrs provision for future legal and or settlement costs to
cover the civil and criminal settlements announced today.
    Paradyne also said it named Jerry Kendall as president and
chief executive officer, succeeding Robert Wiggins who resigned
as chairman and chief executive officer as part of the
settlement of the indictment.
    Kendall formerly served as executive vice president and
chief operating officer.
    The company also said that due to the sluggish marketplace,
it does not expect to be profitable in the first quarter but is
optimistic about the outlook for the year.
    For the first quarter of 1986, the company reported net
income of 875,000 dlrs on sales of 66.0 mln dlrs.
    Wiggins was among five Paradyine executives who were
charged along with three former officers in a 1985 federal
indictment stemming from a 115 mln contract awarded to Paradyne
in 1981 to build a computer network for the Social Security
Administration.
    The men were accused of conspiring to bribe government
officials and defaud the Social Security Administration.
Wiggins and other defendants were also charged with providing
false testimony and obstructing justice during a Securities and
Exchange Commission investigation.
 
   Under the settlement announced today, federal prosecutors
agreed to defer all charges against Wiggins and three other
defendants under a one-year pretrial agreement.
    The charges would then be dropped if the defendants
successfully complete the probation period. Details of the
requirements in the agreement were not immediately available.
          
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2518>
Shr loss 45 cts vs loss 1.34 dlrs
    Net loss 1,240,000 vs loss 3,621,000
    Revs 6,264,000 vs 4,626,000
    Year
    Shr loss 90 cts vs loss 2.01 dlrs
    Net loss 2,487,000 vs loss 5,406,000
    Revs 20.8 mln vs 21.7 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2519>
Shr profit one ct vs loss two cts
    Net profit 52,405 vs loss 67,967
    Sales 289,572 vs 188,713
    Year
    Shr loss one cts vs loss five cts
    Net loss 51,019 vs loss 201,680
    Sales 1.1 mln vs 490,935
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2539>
Shr loss 10 cts vs profit seven cts
    Net loss 918,000 vs profit 585,000
    Revs 5,475,000 vs 4,430,000
    YEAR
    Shr profit 32 cts vs loss 24 cts
    Net profit 2,909,000 vs loss 1,501,000
    Revs 23.7 mln vs 15.0 mln
    Note: 1986 4th qtr net includes 1.5 mln U.S. dlr, or 17 ct
shr, writedown of stake in Heck's Inc &lt;HEX> and 300,000 U.S.
dlr, or three ct shr, writedown of arbitrage positions. 1986
fl-yr net includes 900,000 dlr net writedown of stake in
Heck's.
    U.S. dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2544>
E.A. Viner Holdings Ltd said the earlier
reported Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing of Heck's Inc &lt;HEX>, in
which Viner holds 408,000 shares, would not materially affect
Viner's capital position or its ability to carry on its
profitable brokerage business.
    Viner said its brokerage subsidiary, Edward A. Viner and Co
had regulatory capital of 24.5 mln U.S. dlrs at year-end 1986.
    The company said Heck's Chapter 11 filing could, however,
affect Viner's previously reported legal action to recover
costs from an aborted merger agreement with Heck's.
     It said it and the Toussie-Viner group, with which it made
the merger offer, were assessing their options regarding the
Heck's investment.
    Viner earlier reported a fourth quarter loss of 918,000
U.S. dlrs after a 1.5 mln dlr writedown of its stake in Heck's.
It earned 585,000 dlrs in the previous fourth quarter.
    Full-year earnings totaled 2.9 mln dlrs against a
year-earlier loss of 1.5 mln dlrs. The full-year earnings
included a 900,000 dlr net writedown of the Heck's stake, it
said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2548>
Oper shr 99 cts vs 54 cts
    Oper net 9,515,000 vs 3,449,000
    Revs 509.3 mln vs 440.5 mln
    Note: 1985 net excludes extraordinary gain of 1.2 mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2549>
Ivey Properties Inc said it
raised its quarterly dividend to 18 cts a share from 14 cts and
declared both an extra dividend of 27 cts a share and a 50 pct
stock dividend.
    It said the dividends will be paid April one to
shareholders of record March  16.
    For the stock dividend, Ivey said it will pay for
fractional shares at 25 dlrs per share.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2558>
Shr loss five cts
    Net loss 753,000
    Revs 8,932,000
    Avg shrs 16.0 mln
    Year
    Shr loss seven cts
    Net loss 995,000
    Revs 27.9 mln
    Avg shrs 14.8 mln
    NOTE: Company started operating in August 1985.
    Results reflect change in fiscal year from November 30 end.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2560>
McGrath RentCorp said as a
result of its December acquisition of Space Co, it expects
earnings per share in 1987 of 1.15 to 1.30 dlrs per share, up
from 70 cts in 1986.
    The company said pretax net should rise to nine to 10 mln
dlrs from six mln dlrs in 1986 and rental operation revenues to
19 to 22 mln dlrs from 12.5 mln dlrs.
    It said cash flow per share this year should be 2.50 to
three dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2561>
Shr one ct vs one ct
    Net 528,790 vs 286,969
    Revs 2,537,803 vs 773,729
    Year
    Shr seven cts vs one ct
    Net 2,429,576 vs 404,394
    Revs 6,726,327 vs 1,150,961
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2562>
Shr 15 cts vs 14 cts
    Net 2,547,000 vs 2,242,000
    Revs 56.7 mln vs 44.0 mln
    Avg shrs 17.6 mln vs 15.6 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 54 cts vs 54 cts
    Net 9,249,000 vs 8,334,000
    Revs 173.3 mln vs 134.3 mln
    Avg shrs 17.1 mln vs 15.5 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2566>
Shr six cts
    Net 155,764
    Revs 6,506,792
    NOTE: Company formed in August 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2567>
Shr loss 28 cts vs profit seven cts
    Net loss 931,000 vs profit 7,000
    Revs 2.3 mln vs 2.0 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr loss 55 cts vs profit seven cts
    Net loss 1,619,000 vs profit 185,000
    Revs 7.7 mln vs 7.1 mln
    NOTE: Shr figures adjusted for issue of 600,000 shares in
October, 1986. Avg shrs not given.
    Full name is &lt;Peter Miller Apparel Group Inc>.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2568>
Period ended Jan 31
    Shr seven cts vs 14 cts
    Net 136,000 vs 274,000
    Sales 48.4 mln vs 38.2 mln
    Nine mths
    
    Shr 30 cts vs 17 cts
    Net 573,000 vs 328,000
    Sales 140.0 mln vs 102.4 mln
    NOTE: Prior year period ended Sept 30
    Comparable periods reflect change in fiscal yearend to
April from December
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2569>
Donegal Group Inc, which today
reported earnings of 155,764 dlrs on revenues of 6,506,792 dlrs
for the period from August 26 startup through the end of 1986,
said it expects "much improved" profits for the full year 1987
on revenues of about 32 mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2579>
Qtly div six cts vs six cts prior
    Pay April One
    Record March 20
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2580>
Shr 73 cts vs 55 cts
    Net 1,691,878 vs 1,117,747
    Revs 7.1 mln vs 4.9 mln
    Avg shrs 2.3 mln vs 2.0 mln
    NOTE: Share results reflect two-for-one stock split in
June, 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2584>
Semi-annual div 7-1/2 cts vs five cts
    Pay April nine
    Record March 26
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2590>
Shr 19 cts vs 20 cts
    Shr diluted 18 cts vs 18 cts
    Net 578,000 vs 554,000
    Sales 10.7 mln vs 10.4 mln
    Avg shrs 3,006,s302 vs 2,795,820
    Avg shrs diluted 4,271,488 vs 4,081,534
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2591>
Annual div four cts vs 1.76 cts
    Pay March 20
    Record March 15
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2593>
Shr 23 cts vs 17 cts
    Net 761,000 vs 490,000
    Revs 7.3 mln vs 4.5 mln

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2602>
Shr loss not given vs profit 16 cts
    Net loss 309,000 vs profit 426,000
    Revs 6,358,000 vs 6,747,000
    Year
    Shr profit 27 cts vs profit 76 cts
    Net profit 713,000 vs profit 2,021,000
    Revs 24.9 mln vs 27.1 mln
    NOTE: Pretax net profits 113,000 dlrs vs 824,000 dlrs in
quarter and 1,863,000 dlrs vs 3,606,000 dlrs in year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2608>
Qtly div 24 cts vs 24 cts prior
    Pay April 10
    Record March 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2611>
OKC Limited Partnership said it will make
a five ct per share distribution to unitholders, down from 15
cts in December and payable March 30 to holders of record March
18.
    The partnership said the payout is the largest quarterly
cash distribution allowable under terms of its letter of credit.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2613>
Shr profit one ct vs loss seven cts
    Net profit 63,761 vs loss 43,006
    Revs 1,961,219 vs 1,413,859
    Year
    Shr loss seven cts vs loss 20 cts
    Net loss 380,273 vs loss 1,108,151
    Revs 6,245,012 vs 5,368,522
    Shr out 5,950,000 vs 5,462,547
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2619>
Shr 1.57 dlrs vs 1.60 dlrs
    Net 55.7 mln vs 56.5 mln
    Revs 3.7 billion vs 3.6 billion
    Year
    Shr 3.79 dlrs vs 4.11 dlrs
    Net 144.5 vs 154.5 mln
    Revs 14.0 billion vs 13.9 billion
    NOTE: 1986 4th qtr and yr per shr amts includes reduction
of 15 cts per shr for establishment of reorganization reserves.
Tax increase reduced 1986 yr per shr by 26 cts.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2630>
Boston Bancorp said its board declared a
two-for-one stock split, payable March 31, record March 17.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2645>
period ended January 31
    Shr loss 28 cts vs profit seven cts
    Net loss 931,000 vs profit 7,000
    Sales 2,303,000 vs 2,006,000
    Nine mths
    Shr loss 55 cts vs profit seven cts
    Net loss 1,619,000 vs profit 185,000
    Sales 7,684,000 vs 7,059,000
    Note: per share reflects issue of 600,000 shares in October
1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2658>
Shr loss 1.27 dlrs vs profit 43 cts
    Net loss 17.0 mln vs profit 5,667,000
    Sales 67.8 mln vs 70.1 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 69 cts vs profit 2.18 dlrs
    Net loss 9,174,000 vs profit 29.1 mln
    Sales 272.5 mln vs 269.4 mln
    Avg shrs 13.3 mln vs 13.4 mln
    NOTE: 1986 net includes tax credits of 14.5 mln dlrs in
quarter and 8,408,000 dlrs in year.
    1985 year net includes 616,000 dlr loss from discontinued
operations and 10.6 mln dlr gain on their disposal.
    1986 net both periods includes 19.1 mln dlr provision for
future losses from several major projects in defense contractor
subsidiary.
    Backlog 310 mln dlrs, up six pct from a year before.
    Share adjusted for 10 pct stock dividend in February 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2659>
Oper shr basic 1.04 dlrs vs 77 cts
    Oper shr diluted 89 cts vs 60 cts
    Oper net 31.6 mln vs 12.5 mln
    Revs 500.6 mln vs 170.9 mln
    Avg shrs 29.1 mln vs 14.3 mln
    Note: 1985 net excludes extraordinary gain of 1,756,000
dlrs or 12 cts shr basic and eight cts shr diluted.
    1986 net involves 53-week reporting period to reflect
change in yr-end to coincide with calendar yr.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2663>
Shr loss 10 cts vs loss 50 cts
    Net loss 1,830,000 vs loss 3,584,000
    Revs 40.7 mln vs 26.8 mln
    Avg shrs 19.2 mln vs 7,115,847
    12 mths 
    Shr profit 10 cts vs loss 91 cts
    Net profit 1,422,000 vs loss 6,195,000
    Revs 185.7 mln vs 126.9 mln
    Avg shrs 14.8 mln vs 6,811,280
    NOTES: In May 1986 Prospect raised 101,810,0000 dlrs from
an initial public offering of common stock.
    The company purchased in March 1986 MidSouth Corp, a
regional railroad company in Mississippi and Louisiana, which
contributed sales of 39.5 mln dlrs and operating income of 16.3
mln dlrs during first nine months of operation.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2664>
France Fund Inc said its board declared
an initial dividend of 1.12 dlrs per share, payable April six,
to holders of record March 20.
    The fund said the dividend represents two cts per share for
net investment income realized during 1986 and 1.10 dlrs from
net taxable gains realized during the year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2666>
Pre-tax profit 513.2 mln guilders vs 545.5 mln
    Net profit 285.3 mln guilders vs 265.4 mln
    Consolidated net turnover 6.68 billion guilders vs 6.40
billion
    Net profit per 25.00 guilder nominal share 11.11 guilders
vs 10.33, taking into account one-for-three scrip issue last
year
    Final dividend two guilders vs same, making total 3.50
guilders vs same
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2667>
Oper shr loss 15 cts vs profit 57 cts
    Oper net loss 151,000 vs profit 570,000
    Year
    Oper shr profit 2.08 dlrs vs loss 12 cts
    Oper net profit 2,122,000 vs loss 127,000
    NOTE: Net excludes realized capital loss 19,000 dlrs vs
gain 896,000 dlrs in quarter and gains 1,646,000 dlrs vs
1,331,000 dlrs in year.
    1986 net both periods excludes tax credit 1,288,000 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2671>
Cyprus Minerals Co said along with about
40 other companies, it has been named a defendant in 23 product
liability lawsuits filed in California by individual
tireworkers aleging injury as a result of exposure to talc and
other products.
    It said other suits are expected to be brought.
    Cyprus, which produces talc, said it has significant
factual and legal defenses and substantial insurance coverage
and does not expect the suits to have a material adverse impact
on its financial condition.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2674>
Shr 1.73 dlrs vs 1.66 dlrs
    Net 3,637,000 vs 3,789,000
    Revs 27.6 mln vs 26.6 mln
    Year
    Shr 3.47 dlrs vs 2.34 dlrs
    Net 7,815,000 vs 5,340,000
    Revs 94.3 mln vs 81.9 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2677>
Gulf States Utilities Co said
auditor Coopers and Lybrand has issued a qualified opinion on
1986 financial statements.
    Gulf States said the audit opinion satated that without
sufficient rate increases or funds from other sources, Gulf
states may be unable to maintain its financial viability,
which is necessary to permit the realization of its assets and
the liquidation of its liabilities in the ordinary course of
business.
    IT said it received a similar qualified opinion in 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2687>
Shr profit 15 cts vs loss six cts
    Net profit 1,051,000 vs loss 381,000
    Revs 50.8 mln vs 41.8 mln
    Avg shrs 7,033,00 vs 6,557,000
    NOTE: 1987 net includes tax credits equal to six cts vs one
cent in 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2691>
Oper shr loss 39 cts vs profit 62 cts
    Oper net loss 4,628,000 vs profit 7,256,000
    Revs 338.1 mln vs 327.9 mln
    Year
    Oper shr profit 1.12 dlrs vs profit 1.88 dlrs
    Oper net profit 13.2 mln vs 22.2 mln
    Revs 1.32 billion vs 1.29 billion
    NOTE: Net excludes gains from discontinued leasing
operations of 37.6 mln dlrs vs 40.3 mln dlrs in year and 32.6
mln dlrs vs 34.3 mln dlrs in quarter.  Results restated for
discontinued operations.
    1986 net both periods includes charge 6,300,000 dlrs from
elimination of investment tax credits.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2693>
Shr 51 cts vs 44 cts
    Net 4,710,000 vs 4,086,000
    Sales 109.2 mln vs 98.2 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.62 dlrs vs 1.39 dlrs
    Net 15.0 mln vs 13.6 mln
    Sales 314.6 mln vs 279.7 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2695>
&lt;Nationwide Mutual Insurance Co>
said its property-casualty companies had a net loss of 56 mln
dlrs last year while its life insurance operations earned 66.8
mln dlrs.
    Nationwide said its property-casualty group, the
fourth-largest U.S. property-casualty insurer had a 106 mln dlr
loss in 1986. Nationwide Life Insurance Co earned 62.8 mln dlrs
in 1985, with last year's profit including record capital gains
of 14.4 mln dlrs, up from gains of 2.6 mln dlrs the previous
year.
    The company said its property-casualty group had a record
loss from insurance operations last year of 859 mln dlrs after
policyholders' dividends, up 25 pct from 1985's 710 mln dlrs.
    Nationwide said a surge in claims from personal auto
insurance and the volatile commercial liability coverages
during a period of unprecedented sales growth generated the
loss.
    The company said over 576 mln dlrs of last year's group
losses came from commercial insurance lines and 282 mln dlrs
from its personal auto insurance business.
    Partially offsetting 1986's record insurance losses,
Nationwide said, were record investment gains of 775 mln dlrs
and a 28 mln dlr federal tax credit. The investment gains were
up 39 pct from 1985's gains of 559 mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2700>
Period ended December 31.
    Shr loss nine cts vs loss 1.92 dlrs
    Net loss 950,000 vs loss 21,334,000
    Revs 580,000 vs 22.2 mln
    Nine Mths
    Shr loss six cts vs loss 1.23 dlrs
    Net loss 694,000 vs loss 13,710,000
    Revs 5,129,000 vs 111.9 mln
    Note: Current qtr includes tax loss of 118,000 vs loss of
476,000 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2708>
Oper shr profit 18 cts vs loss four cts
    Oper net profit 1,847,000 vs loss 282,000
    Revs 25.9 mln dlrs vs 8,626,000 drs
    12 mths
    Oper shr profit 39 cts vs loss 24 cts
    Oper net profit 3,262,000 vs loss 1,555,000
    revs 67.5 mln vs 27.9 mln dlrs.
    NOTE: 1986 qtr and year excludes investment gains of
1,541,000 and 1,865,000, respectively, and 1985 qtr and year
includes investment gains of 301,000 dlrs and 1,424,000.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2711>
Bush Industries Inc said that
after an audit it has revised upwards its 1986 fourth quarter
and year end results. On February 12 it reported unaudited
results.
    Under the audited amounts, 1986 fourth quarter income was
1,098,978 mln dlrs, or 55 cts a share. The unaudited income for
the period was 1,014,000, or 51 cts per share.
    For the year, the audited amounts showed earnings of
2,505,978, or 1.25 dlrs per share. The prior results reported
income of 2,421,000, or 1.21 dlrs per share. Sales figures for
both periods did not differ significantly from prior amounts.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2718>
Oper net loss 411,000 vs profit 875,000
    Sales 69.7 mln vs 70.5 mln
    Year
    Oper net profit 6,258,000 vs profit 4,785,000
    Sales 299.5 mln vs 297.2 mln
    Note: Company made initial public offering in June, 1986.
Assuming the offering had occurred on Jan. 1, 1986, operating
net income per share would have been 85 cts a share for 1986.
    1986 oper net excludes one-time charge of 16.8 mln dlrs, or
2.46 dlrs a share, in qtr and year due to the February 1987
sale of the company's engine parts division. Oper net for 1986
year also includes profit from discontinued operations of
360,000 dlrs, or five cts a share.
    Oper net for 1986 excludes extraordinary loss of 1.1 mln
dlrs, or 17 cts a share, due to the June 1986 write-off of
unamortized debt issue costs from the public offering. 1985
oper net excludes extraordinary profit of 1.1 mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2720>
&lt;CMS Advertising Inc> said its
board has approved a three-for-two stock split in the form of a
dividend payable March 30 to holders of record March 16.
    The company said a similar split was paid December eight,
leaving it with 2,344,200 shares outstanding.
    CMS Advertising said the next split will result in a
proportionate reduction in the exercise price of its stock
purchase warrants to 1.67 dlrs a share from 2.50 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2722>
Parent company net profit 385 mln francs vs 226.9 mln
    Dividend five francs vs no comparison
    Note - The financial and banking group was privatised by
the government in January this year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2729>
International Totalizator Systems Inc
Vice President of Finance Joel Graff said he expects to report
an improved first quarter compared to the 377,000 dlr loss
reported in the year ago quarter.
    "A profit looks quite favorable," Graff said.
    Last week, the automated ticket systems supplier reported a
loss of 1.2 mln dlrs for the 1986.
    Graff said "we invested heavily in 1986, which we believe
will result in higher future growth and earnings for the
company."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2742>
Algemene Bank Nederland N.V. &lt;ABNN.AS>
chairman Robertus Hazelhoff said the bank's 10.3 pct increase
in net 1986 profit to 527 mln guilders from 478 mln in 1985 was
encouraging in view of the sharply lower dollar.
    Hazelhoff, speaking at a press conference after the release
of ABN's 1986 results, said a sharp decrease in foreign
earnings had been compensated by a strong domestic performance,
notably in the securities business.
    He said the bank was also proposing a one for 10
share-split which should facilitate trade in the bank's stock.
    News of the split sparked a 14 guilder rise in ABN's share
price on the Amsterdam bourse to a close of 517 guilders.
    Prospects for 1987 hung on three uncertainties, namely the
future trend of the dollar, the level of interest rates and
ABN's share of equities trade, Hazelhoff said.
    Provisions for general contingencies were reduced in 1986
by 4.1 pct to 575 mln guilders, while taxes increased by 2.1
pct to 242 mln guilders, he added.
    Lower global interest rates in 1986 had nipped earnings
margins via traditional lending activities, he said.
    Hazelhoff said ABN was unlikely to continue reducing risk
provisions in the future but he noted the bank was not overly
concerned about default by Latin American debtors, a factor
which brokers say has distanced Dutch insititutions from bank
stocks recently.
    He said that of the bank's estimated 25 financially
troubled sovereign debtors, about one quarter were Latin
American countries. These would ultimately pay up, he said.
    He added that losses incurred through loans to tin
producers in the wake of the tin council crisis at end-1985 had
been written off.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2748>
Oper shr profit nine cts vs loss seven cts
    Oper net profit 628,000 vs loss 491,000
    Sales 50.7 mln vs 41.8 mln
    Avg shrs 7,033,000 vs 6,557,000
    Note: Oper net excludes extraordinary profit of 423,000
dlrs, or six cts a shr, and 110,000 dlrs, or one ct a share,
respectively, in 1987 and 1986 quarters, from utilization of
tax loss carryforwards.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2750>
Oper shr two cts vs eight cts
    Oper net 41,000 vs 153,000
    Sales 7,456,000 vs 7,965,000
    Year
    Oper shr 22 cts vs 50 cts
    Oper net 434,000 vs 1,103,000
    Sales 31 mln vs 33.6 mln
    Note: Current qtr and year figures exclude loss from
discontinued operations of 384,000 dlrs, or 20 cts per share.
    Prior qtr and year figures exclude losses from discontinued
operations of 1.9 mln dlrs, or 88 cts per share and 2.3 mln
dlrs, or 1.07 dlrs per share, respectively.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2751>
Shr 18 cts vs 39 cts
    Net 507,000 vs 762,000
    Sales 11.3 mln vs 11.7 mln
    Avg shrs 2,789,000 vs 1,961,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 39 cts vs 90 cts
    Net 1,076,000 vs 1,752,000
    Sales 32.9 mln vs 33.3 mln
    Avg shrs 2,771,000 vs 1,955,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2752>
Shr 18 cts vs 19 cts
    Net 400,413 vs 421,451
    Revs 9,343,228 vs 8,213,449
    Nine mths
    Shr 39 cts vs 46 cts
    Net 853,891 vs 1,011,999
    Revs 24.6 mln vs 22.3 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2754>
Shr loss 30 cts vs profit 11 cts
    Net loss 1,247,000 vs profit 454,000
    Revs 12.3 mln vs 17.5 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 24 cts vs profit 32 cts
    Net loss 979,000 vs profit 1,303,000
    Revs 60.6 mln vs 61.7 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2756>
Dec 31
    Shr loss one ct
    Net loss 176,639
    Revs 150,300
    NOTE: Company went public in April 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2757>
Shr 91 cts vs 1.25 dlrs
    Net 8,710,000 vs 11.7 mln
    Avg shrs 9,526,287 vs 9,362,379
    NOTE: Share adjusted for 10 pct stock dividend in May 1986.
    Net includes loan loss provisions of 12.7 mln dlrs vs
2,400,000 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2761>
Shr profit nil vs loss nil
    Net profit 28,565 vs loss 204,553
    Revs 507,529 vs 6,563
    Nine mths
    Shr loss nil vs loss nil
    Net loss 404,011 vs loss 649,495
    Revs 938,345 vs 32,535
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2771>
Qtly div 27-1/2 cts vs 27-1/2 cts prior
    Pay May One
    Record April 17
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2772>
Qtly div 10 cts vs 10 cts prior
    Pay March 31
    Record March 16
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2773>
Qtly div 42 cts vs 42 cts prior
    Pay April Seven
    Record March 20
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2779>
Qtly div four cts vs four cts prior
    Pay March 31
    Record March 20
    NOTE: First Federal Savings and Loan Association of
Brooksville.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2781>
Qtly div 30 cts vs 30 cts in prior qtr
    Payable May 25
    Record May one
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2787>
Qtly div 29-1/2 cts vs 29-1/2 cts prior
    Pay April 15
    Record March 27
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2789>
Shr profit four cts vs loss 99 cts
    Net profit 545,000 vs loss 13.1 mln
    Revs 75.3 mln vs 37.9 mln
    Avg shrs 14.8 mln vs 13.1 mln
    Year
    Shr profit 34 cts vs profit 34 cts
    Net profit 4,908,000 vs profit 4,487,000
    Revs 216.8 mln vs 117.7 mln
    Avg shrs 14.6 mln vs 13.1 mln
    NOTE: 1985 net included gain on sale of foreign properties
of 15.5 mln dlrs or 1.19 dlrs per share and a writedown of oil
and gas properties of 12.5 mln dlrs or 96 cts per share. 1985
4th qtr net included writedowns of oil and gas properties.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2792>
American Telephone and Telegraph Co's
proposal to deregulate its long distance phone service is
unlikely to produce a radical change in phone rates, but it
should help the company's profits, analysts said.
    "Deregulation will mean more pricing discounts for large
volume users, but status quo for residential users," said
PaineWebber Group analyst Jack Grubman.
    But the proposals will scrap the pricing formula that has
constrained the company's profits in the long distance
business, leading to higher profit margins, analysts said.
    ATT has long pushed for deregulation of its long-distance
business, the profits of which have been limited by a regulated
rate-of-return on the company's investments. The rate was cut
last year to 12.20 from 12.75 pct.
    Earlier today the company proposed to the Federal
Communications Commission to scrap the formula, cut the amount
of time needed to approve rate proposals, and leave it up to
its competitors to oppose it filings.
    MCI Communications Corp &lt;MCIC> made a similar filing
yesterday, saying greater the moves would increase competition
in the telephone business.
    Analysts said the proposals will allow ATT to cut costs in
the long-distance unit, and increase its profit margins
previously constrained by the rate of return. But many said
they did not expect the proposals to lead to higher prices in
the industry, simply because of the competition the phone
industry giant faces.
    "You probably wouldn't see as much of a price decline,"
said Gartner Group analyst Fritz Ringling. "But you wouldn't
see a rise." Grubman said the proposals will allow ATT to
selectively raise or lower prices, depending on the market. "It
will give ATT a lot more flexibility," he said.
    ATT now faces a period of comment in which a number of
companies will be able to respond to the proposals in FCC
hearings.
    It may face at least one strong opponent, U.S. Sprint, the
long distance joint venture between GTE Corp &lt;GTE> and United
Telecommunications Inc &lt;UT>.
    "We think the Congress of the FCC should establish a
reasonable rate of return. Someone should establish it," a U.S.
Sprint spokesman said. But he added the company was not opposed
to greater competition.
    It may also take some time for the proposals to go through,
and in the process they may be altered by the various
constituencies affected by the move.
    "There's so much complexity, so much inertia, so much
bureacracy, that stricly speaking about the mechanisms, it
won't happen that fast," said analyst Victor Krueger of the
Gartner Group.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2797>
Struthers Wells Corp said it expects
to report a loss, without tax benefit, of about 16 mln dlrs for
the fiscal year ended November 30, 1986, versus a profit of
295,000 dlrs in fiscal 1985.
    The company added, however, that about 13.6 mln dlrs of the
loss relates to discontinued operations and disposal of
subsidiaries.
    The company said the loss is part of its previously
announced restructuring that includes the sale of its foreign
and domestic units.
    Struthers added that it has filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission for an extension to file its annual report
on form 10-K as a result of delays caused by the restructuring.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2800>
Silver State Mining Corp said it has
corrected its 1986 fourth quarter net income to 485,380 dlrs
from 528,790 dlrs reported earlier today.
    The company earned 286,969 dlrs in last year's fourth
quarter.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2803>
Payless Cashways Inc chairman David
Stanley told analysts the company's first quarter results to be
reported March 17 will be better than the seven cts per share
reported in the year ago quarter.
    "It was not a wonderful sales quarter, but it only
represents 14 pct of the year's total results," Stanley said.
    Stanley also said that 1987 full year sales will be in
excess of 1.8 billion dlrs as compared to the 1.5 billion dlrs
reported in 1986. He also said that analysts' estimates of 1.55
dlr per shr for 1987 "are not crazy."
    Payless reported net income of 1.22 dlr per share in 1986.
    "The economy may not get a lot better, but we expect our
advantages in the lumber industry and cost cutting measures to
keep us competitive," Larry Kunz, chief financial officer,
said.
     The company acquired Knox Lumber Co for about 24.3 mln
dlrs in October 1986.
    Stanley said the company's stronger-than-optimal balance
sheet will enable it to make further acquisitions but no
negotiations are going on at the current time.
    He said some benefits of a new management information
system will be felt in 1987 and more substantially in 1988.
   
REUTER...^M
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2806>
Shr loss 3.86 dlrs vs profit 37 cts
    Net loss 24,973,000 vs profit 2,389,000
    Sales 62.5 mln vs 65.3 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 3.22 dlrs vs profit 1.32 dlrs
    Net loss 20,861,000 vs profit 8,515,000
    Sales 268.0 mln vs 272.7 mln
    NOTE: 1986 earnings include a provision for restructuring
costs of 23,675,000 dlrs, or 3.66 dlrs a share (pre-tax) and
the effect of adoption of FASB 87 which reduced pension expense
by 617,000 dlrs for the quarter and 1,817,000 dlrs for the year
before taxes
    Earnings include nonoperating income from the effect of
nonrecurring gains of 1,811,000 dlrs in the 1st Qtr of 1986
from the sale of its minority interest in Plexus Corp and
1,480,000 dlrs in the 3rd Qtr of 1985 related to the sale of
excess property
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2807>
Shr loss 15 cts vs loss 11 cts
    Net loss 632,000 vs loss 437,000
    Revs 3,206,000 vs 2,650,000
    Year
    Shr loss 19 cts vs loss 24 cts
    Net loss 793,000 vs loss 1,004,000
    Revs 11.5 mln vs 14.4 mln
    NOTE: Prior year figures restated to reflect merger in
March 1986 with Amtron Corp.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2809>
Qtrly 42 cts vs 42 cts prior
    Pay April 7
    Record March 20
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2820>
Shr loss 1.22 dlrs vs profit 27 cts
    Net loss 8,812,432 vs profit 1,847,560
    Revs 7,981,198 vs 10.3 mln
    Avg shrs 7,187,941 vs 6,828,368
    NOTE: Current year includes tax credit of 800,000 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2825>
Shr loss 24 cts vs loss nine cts
    Net loss 216,697 vs loss 47,344
    Sales 144,403 vs 118,391

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2826>
Shr loss 12 cts vs loss 16 cts
    Net loss 214,000 vs 309,000
    Revs 3,056,000 vs 2,545,000
    Year
    Shr loss 43 cts vs loss nine cts
    Net loss 754,000 vs loss 159,000
    Revs 11.4 mln vs 11.4 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2827>
Lloyds Bank Canada, a unit of &lt;Lloyds
Bank International PLC>, said net profit soared to 3,053,000
dlrs for the first quarter ended January 31 from 9,000 dlrs a
year earlier.
    Loan loss provisions, a mandatory five-year averaging of
actual loan losses, also rose in the first quarter to 6,375,000
dlrs from year-ago 113,000 dlrs, the bank said.
    Lloyds Bank Canada became Canada's largest foreign bank
last autumn with its 200 mln Canadian dlr acquisition of
Continental Bank of Canada.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2834>
Shr nil vs one ct
    Net 59,608 vs 95,909
    Revs 2,921,629 vs 2,918,682
    Avg shrs 7,062,172 vs 7,273,020
    Year
    Shr loss 1.22 dlrs vs profit 27 cts
    Net loss 8,812,432 vs profit 1,847,560
    Revs 3,070,327 vs 3,195,710
    Avg shrs 7,187,941 vs 6,828,368
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2836>
Qtr ends Jan 31
    Shr six cts vs eight cts
    Net 103,436 dlrs vs 134,360 dlrs
    Revs 1,762,270 vs 1,282,463
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2839>
Shr 16 cts vs 55 cts
    Net 232,000 vs 814,000
    Revs 22.4 mln vs 22 mln
    Year
    Shr 2.07 dlrs vs 2.43 dlrs
    Net 3,108,000 vs 3,670,000
    Revs 106.7 mln vs 101.1 mln
    NOTE: Per share figures adjusted to reflect four-for-three
stock split paid March 26, 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2849>
Qtly div 25 cts vs 25 cts prior
    Pay March 31
    Record March 18
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2850>
Shr profit one cent vs loss 37 cts
    Net profit 148,000 dlrs vs loss 1,686,000
    Revs 11.4 mln vs 10.9 mln
    NOTE: Company said net is before extraordinary items and
taxes and declined to provide data on those items
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2856>
Oper shr loss one ct vs loss 2.65 dlrs
    Oper net loss 100,000 vs loss 32.7 mln
    Revs 142.3 mln vs 168.8 mln
    12 mths
    Oper shr profit 57 cts vs loss 2.76 dlrs
    Oper net profit 7,072,000 vs loss 34.2 mln
    Revs 544.0 mln vs 572.2 mln
    Note: 1986 oper net excludes tax credits of 2,149,000 dlrs
for qtr and 2,200,000 dlrs for 12 mths. Includes restructuring
charges of 120 mln dlrs for qtr, 527 mln dlrs for 12 mths.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2866>
Shr loss 20 cts vs profit 14 cts
    Net loss 1,417,000 vs profit 933,000
    Revs 5,623,000 vs 5,403,000
    Avg shrs 6,957,300 vs 7,115,248
    Six mths
    Shr loss 18 cts vs profit 43 cts
    Net loss 1,269,000 vs profit 3,079,000
    Revs 15.7 mln vs 14.2 mln
    Avg shrs 7,195,720 vs 7,115,248
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2873>
Shr 85 cts vs 1.20 dlrs
    Net 5,130,000 vs 7,236,000
    Revs 93.6 mln vs 91.9 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2877>
Shr loss 33 cts vs profit 38 cts
    Net loss 2,359,978 vs profit 2,805,389
    Revs 76.2 mln vs 61.8 mln
    Avg shrs 7,096,886 vs 7,392,586
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2886>
Qtly div 13 cts vs 12 cts prior
    Pay April 17
    Record March 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2887>
Shr 31 cts vs 53 cts
    Net 960,143 dlrs vs 1,631,011 dlrs
    Revs 27.4 mln dlrs vs 18.9 mln dlrs
    Avg shrs 3,079,533 vs 3,096,095
    12 mths
    Shr 1.01 dlrs vs 92 cts
    Net 3,113,337 dlrs vs 2,855,755 dlrs
    Revs 106.5 mln dlrs vs 78.3 mln dlrs
    Avg shrs 3,079,516 vs 3,089,140
    NOTE: per share amounts for qtr and year prior have been
restated to reflect a six-for-five stock split in August 1986.
    Revs for qtr include capital gains of 3,049,564 vs
2,010,972, and for year of 9,841,204 vs 5,798,995.
    Revs for qtr include non-insurance revenues of 1,627,518 vs
1,550,329, and for year of 7,289,973 vs 4,639,162.
    Revs for qtr include life subsidiary account deposits of
548,538 vs 241,465, and for year of 2,104,840 vs 300,404.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2890>
Bradley Real Estate Trust said it signed
a 99-year lease for property in downtown Minneapolis to BCED
Minnesota Inc.
    The lease will increase net income by about 24 cts a share
on a post-February 1987 three-for-two stock split basis. For
1986, the Trust reported net income of 1.3 mln dlrs or 38 cts a
share on a post-split basis.
    Bradley will also be entitled to a one-time additional
rental payment of 30 cts a share upon BCED entering into a
space lease with a prime national tenant and a share in a
portion of net cash flow from operations on the property.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2908>
Qtly div 22 cts vs 20 cts prior
    payable March 27
    Record March 18
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2912>
Diplomat Electronics Corp said it
will reduce expenses by four mln dlrs a year in an effort to
stem losses and return to a positive net worth.
    The company also said certain lenders agreed to take a 24
pct stake in the company by converting seven mln dlrs of debt
into preferred stock.
    Diplomat said it will cut costs by several means, including
dismissal of 100 workers at its corporate headquarters,
consolidation of its warehousing and shipping operations and
reduction of management salaries. Moreover, it said it will
relocate its headquarters to Glendale, Calif.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2915>
Qtly div five cts vs five cts prior
    Payable April three
    Reocrd March 20
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2916>
Healthcare Services Of America
Inc said it will write off about 16 mln dlrs in non-recurring
expenses in 1986.
    It also said it expects income from operations to be about
breakeven for 1986 and the estimated loss for the year to be
about the same as the writeoffs.
    Results will be released by March 31, 1987.
    Included in the writeoffs were six mln dlrs in
developmental costs, six mln dlrs in unamortized loan costs and
debt discounts and four mln dlrs in other non-recurring costs.
    The company said it continues to be in default of certain
financial and non-financial covenants set forth in its major
loan documents.
    It said negotiations continue with the banks, but has no
assurance that such funding will continue.
    It said it authorized Smith barney, Harris Upham and Co to
seek a business combination with third parties.
    Healthcare also said the board has authorized the sale or
lease of certain assets to reduce the cash required from the
revolving credit line for completion of current construction
projects.
    For the year ended December 31, 1985 Healthcare reported
net income of 3.5 mln dlrs on sales of 54.4 mln dlrs
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2918>
Shr loss 52 cts vs profit 1.07 dlr
    Net loss 2,917,000 vs profit 5,963,000
    Revs 34.1 mln vs 40.3 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 1.39 dlr vs profit 1.24 dlr
    Net loss 7,749,000 vs profit 6,946,000
    Revs 138.6 mln vs 186.2 mln
    NOTE: 1986 net includes certain non-recurring charges of
about 5,506,000 dlrs for a number of items.
    1985 4th qtr and yr net includes extraordinary credit of
4,974,000 dlrs or 89 cts per share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2919>
Shr loss 1.20 dlrs vs loss 1.97 dlrs
    Net loss 6,248,000 vs loss 10.2 mln
    Revs 33.1 mln vs not given
    Year
    Shr loss 1.25 dlrs vs loss 13.44 dlrs
    Net loss 6,508,000 vs loss 69.6 mln
    Revs 123.4 mln vs not given
    NOTE: Results include charges of five mln dlrs or 96 cts
shr for 1986 qtr and year, compared with charge of 72.2 mln
dlrs or 13.94 dlrs shr in prior year from discontinued
operations and disposal of discontinued operations.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2920>
United Companies Financial Corp
said its board declared a two pct stock dividend payable APril
eight to holders of record March 17.
    The board also declared a regular quarterly cash dividend
of 12.5 cts payable April one to holders of record March 16.
                                                   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2928>
Qtly div 43 cts vs 43 cts prior
    Payable May one
    Record April 15
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2929>
Shr 22 cts vs 49 cts
    Net 296,994 vs 657,416
    Revs 6.5 mln vs 9.5 mln
    Year
    Shr 78 cts vs 1.51 dlrs
    Net 1.0 mln vs 2.0 mln
    Revs 27.6 mln vs 29.4 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2930>
Houston Oil Trust said there will be no
cash distribution to the unit holders in March.
    The most significant factor for the lack of a distribution
this month is the establishment of additional special cost
escrow accounts, the company said, adding, that there may be no
cash distribution in other months or during the remainder of
the year.
    For March, the working interest owner will place 1.9 mln
dlrs in special cost escrow accounts.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2938>
Shr loss 37 cts vs loss 13 cts
    Net loss 4.5 mln vs loss 1.5 mln
    Revs 63.3 mln vs 53.8 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 74 cts vs profit 1.87 dlr
    Net loss 9.0 mln vs profit 23.0 mln
    Revs 239.5 mln vs 244.3 mln
    NOTE:1986 net includes extraordinary gain of 10.6 mln dlrs
from tax loss carryforward in year and loss of 198,000 dlrs in
4th qtr.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2960>
Shr 3.9 cents vs 4.2 cents
    Interim dividend three cents vs same
    Group net 35.8 mln ringgit vs 39.1 mln
    Pre-tax 77.3 mln vs 99.8 mln
    Turnover 1.16 billion vs 1.05 billion
    Note - dividend pay May 22, register April 24.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2961>
Six months to December 31
    SHR 2.6 cents vs 5.2 cents
    Interim dividend four cents vs same
    Group net 12.4 mln ringgit vs 24.3 mln
    Pre-tax 26.6 mln vs 53.5 mln
    Turnover 235.3 mln vs 333.9 mln
    Note - dividend pay April 30, register April 3.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2962>
Six months to December 31
    SHR 8.8 cts vs 0.5 ct
    Interim dividend 12.5 cts vs nil
    Group net 9.5 mln ringgit vs 0.6 mln
    Pre-tax 11 mln vs 1.1 mln
    Turnover 88.9 mln vs 70.8 mln
    Note - dividend pay May 15, register April 17.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2963>
Six months to December 31
    SHR 1.4 cts vs 1.6 cts
    Interim dividend one cent vs same
    Group net 4.1 mln ringgit vs 4.7 mln
    Pre-tax 6.7 mln vs nine mln
    Turnover 100.8 mln vs 112.1 mln
    Note - dividend pay April 28, register April 3.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3008>
Semi-annual dividend 4 cts
    Pay May 29
    Record April 14
Note: full name is U.S. Facilities Corp. This is first dividend
declared since company completed its initial public offering on
November 7.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3026>
Iomega Corp said it has laid off over
a quarter of its professional and management staff and nearly
half of its direct labor force as part of a restructuring and
downsizing of its business.
    The company also said it will receive a qualified opinion
from the auditors of it 1986 financial statement subject to the
outcome of two suits. The company is a defendant in a
consolidated class action law suit which seeks damages in an
unspecified amount and is also a defendant in a related
shareholder action.
    Iomega said the auditors state in their opinion letter that
both actions are in the early stages of discovery and the
likely outcome can not be determined at this time.
    The company said a corporate wide reduction of its
professional, management and indirect labor will result in the
permanent elimination of 183 positions in all functional areas
of the company's business. This represents over 25 pct of
professional, management and indirect employees, it added.
    In addition, Iomega announced layoff of about 182
employees, principally from its manufacturing direct labor
force. Those affected represent about 46 pct of direct labor.
    Commenting on the layoffs, Iomega said those from among the
direct labor force affects personnel building the Alpha Eight
Inch Disk Drive and Bernoulli Boxes.
    "This action is required as we bring our finished goods
inventory and inventory in our distribution channels down to
acceptable levels," it explained.
    The company stated this layoff does not affect the
production of its new 5-1/4 inch Beta 20 product which is
currently being built to a backlog of orders.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3062>
Southern Co said it will take an
after-tax charge of 226 mln dlrs against earnings no later than
January 1988 because the projected cost of the Vogtle nuclear
power plant has risen abover the amount which retail customers
in Georgia will be asked to pay.
    The company's largest subsidiary, Georgia Power Co, said
the budget for the plant has increased by 6.3 pct, or 522 mln
dlrs, to 8.87 billion. However, because of a pledge the made
last year to Georgia's Public Service Commission, the increased
cost will not be included in the utility's retail electric
rates.
    Geogia Power also said its board has delayed the scheduled
completion of Vogtle's Unit Two to June 1989 from September
1988. Unit Two is about 60 pct complete, it added.
    The utility said fuel loading has been completed at Unit
One and the unit is being put through a series of low-power
tests before the Nuclear Regulatory Commission is asked for a
full-power license.
    The nuclear power plant, located near Waynesboro, Ga., is
co-owned by &lt;Oglethorpe Power Corp>, the Municipal Electric
Authority of Georgia and the city of Dalton.
    Georgia Power said the revised Vogtle budget estimate was
due to several factors, including additional labor costs
incurred to keep the plant's first unit on schedule for
commercial operation by June. The new figure represents the
first change in the plant's budget since August 1985, when it
was estimated at 8.35 billion dlrs.
    In March 1986, the utility told Georgia regulators it would
"cap" the price of Vogtle its customers would be asked to pay
at 3.56 billion dlrs, the company's share of the then projected
8.35 billion dlr total. Under the new budget, Georgia Power
said, its share amounts to 3.87 billion dlrs.
    Noting that Georgia Power's share of the Vogtle increase is
313 mln dlrs, Southern said this will result in a charge
against earnings of 177 mln dlrs after taxes.
    In addition, the company said, Georgia Power's contracts
with the joint owners require the utility to buy back
significant amounts of Vogtle capacity during the plant's
initial years of operation. Under terms of the cap on costs, it
will not attempt to recover the portion of the budget increase
that applies to the buybacks.
    This bings the total amount that must be charged against
earnings to 2326 mln dlrs after taxes, Southern said.
    Southern said new rules of the Financial Accounting
Standards Board, which are effective in January 1988, require
any costs that are determined nonrecoverable to be charged
against earnings once that determination is made.
    The company also said its board has approved a capital
budget of 2.1 billion dlrs in 1987, including work on the
Vogtle project.
    It said a 5.9 billion dlr capita budget for the three-year
period 1987-1989 was also outlined at the board meeting, noting
this is 700 mln dlrs below the comparable figure for the years
1986-1988.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3077>
Continental Bank of Canada, a subsidiary
of Lloyds Bank PLC &lt;LLOY.L>, said it intends to redeem all
existing preferred shares and distribute a stock dividend to
common shareholders.
    The initial distribution will be in cumulative redeemable
retractable floating rate class A preferred shares series II,
which will carry a retraction right enabling holders to receive
12.75 dlrs for each share.
    Continental said the 58.6 mln dlrs of existing outstanding
preferred shares will be paid off at par plus accrued dividends.
     Continental said the notes will carry a dividend rate of
72 pct of prime and it expects that the shares will trade at
12.75 dlrs or more, enabling shareholders who wish to receive
cash to do so.
    The bank said it expects the distribution will be made in
early May, subject to various approvals.
    Continental also said that, as of March 2, it had cash of
more than 250 mln dlrs and equity of about 284.6 mln dlrs,
allowing for a final total distribution of 16.60 dlrs per
common share.
    Continental Bank said it continues to expect that the final
distribution to shareholders will be in the range of 16.50 dlrs
to 17.25 dlrs per share and will take place in late 1988 or
early 1989.
    Until the initial stock distribution takes place, regular
dividend payments will be maintained on the existing preferred
shares, the bank said.
    The distribution is part of the terms of Continental Bank
of Canada's sale of its banking assets to Lloyds Bank Canada, a
subsidiary of Lloyds Bank PLC.
    Continental Bank said Lloyds Bank Canada paid the balance
of the purchase price but that it was lower than originally
anticipated since Continental was unable to transfer certain
income tax deductions to Lloyds Bank. Continental did not give
further details.
 More
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3080>
Gulf Resources and Chemical Corp said it
has sold 9,534,633 shares of &lt;Imperial Continental Gas
Association> for 720 pence a share, or 68.6 mln stg, in a
private transaction for a pretax gain of about 19.6 mln dlrs.
    Gulf Resources said it still owns 6.7 mln shares of
Imperial Continental, or a 4.6 pct interest, and continues to
study various alternatives.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3091>
A. H. Robins Co, the drug company
in bankruptcy proceedings due to litigation over its Dalkon
Shield contraceptive device, reported consolidated net earnings
for the month ended January 31 of 17.3 mln dlrs.
    In the corresponding year-ago period it reported net
earnings of 13.8 mln dlrs.
    Robins said the filings were made with the U.S. trustee
overseeing its chapter 11 bankruptcy case.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3117>
(Charan Industries Inc), a distributor
of toys and other consumer products, expects 1987 net profit to
rise at least 50 pct over last year's 6.1 mln dlrs, president
Earl Takefman told reporters before the annual meeting.
    "We grew basically 100 pct last year, I'm not sure we're
going to be able to grow 100 pct again this year but we
certainly will grow at least 50 pct over last year," Takefman
said.
    Charan reported profit of 3.0 mln dlrs in 1985.
    Takefman said he expects sales to rise to about 100 mln
dlrs this year from 57.3 mln dlrs in 1986.
    Fiscal 1985 ended September 30, while fiscal 1986 ended
November 30.
    Takefman said the company is actively looking for
acquisitions in the consumer products industry, likely in
Canada.
    The company said it expects to resolve delivery problems
this year which last year hindered the growth of its toy
distribution business, which accounts for about one-third of
revenues.
    Charan is the exclusive distributor in Canada for &lt;Worlds
of Wonder> toys, which include the Teddy Ruxpin voice-activated
talking plush bear.
    Takefman said new products this year, which will be on the
shelves for Christmas, include a smaller version of Teddy
Ruxpin, a talking Mickey Mouse toy, dancing plush toys, a doll
with a voice activated by sound, touch, light and heat, and
talking books.
    The company is also marketing an extended line of "laser
tag" kits, which shoot rays of light and tell you when you've
hit someone.
    Other products include a recorder device which allows
students to leave taped messages in each others' school
lockers, retailing for about 60 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3118>
Mayfair Super Markets said its
sales for the second qtr ended Feb 28 were 122.0 mln dlrs, an
increase of more than 15 pct compared to sales of 105.9 mln
dlrs in the comparable quarter last year.
    The company said sales for the first six months of the year
were 242.0 mln dlrs, more than 15 pct above the 210.1 mln dlrs
reported in the same period last year.
    This was the 12th consecutive quarterly gain, the company
said.  The company said it expects to release earnings in
April.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3161>
Bally Manufacturing Corp said it
expects a charge to earnings in the first quarter of this year
of 17.3 mln dlrs as a result of its deal to buy back 2.6 mln of
its common shares from real estate developer Donald Trump.
    In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
the Chicago-based hotel, casino, gambling and amusement concern
also said the anticipated charge against first quarter earnings
will not be deductible for federal income tax purposes.
    Under a February 21 deal, Bally agreed to buy 2.6 mln of
the 3.06 mln shares held by Trump at 24 dlrs a share, or 62.4
mln dlrs, while Trump agreed not to try to seek control of
Bally.
    The agreement also calls for Bally to pay Trump another 6.2
mln dlrs for certain agreements, claims and expenses related to
his purchase of the Bally common stock, Bally said.
    Trump agreed not to buy any more Bally stock or to try to
seek control of the company for 10 years, it said.
    Bear, Stearns and Co Inc signed a similar standstill
agreement with Bally for three years, Bally said. But it can
still deal in Bally stock as a broker, it said.
    The deal also obligates Bally to buy Trump's remaining
stake in the company for 33 dlrs a share if the stock price
does not reach that level by February 21, 1988, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3194>
ServiceMaster L.P. approved
a second quarter cash distribution of 58 cts, payable April 10,
record March 23.
    Previously, ServiceMaster said it would pay in 1987 an
indicated cash distribution of 1.50 dlrs a share, including  95
cts a share which would be paid before April 15, 1987.
    In other action, the company set May eight as the date of
its annual shareholders' meeting.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3242>
Dart Group &lt;DARTA> is likely seeking to
buy Supermarkets General &lt;SGL>, analysts said.
    "There's been rumors that they've taken a position in the
company, said Wood Gundie analyst Edward Comeau.
    Last year, Dart Group, owner of Auto Trak INc and Crown
Books, competed against Kohlberg, Kravis to acquire Safeway
Stores INc.
    The company later reached an accord under which it would
buy 20 pct of the company after Kohlberg Kravis completed its
leveraged buyout of the company.
    The company later sold its 20 pct stock for about 180 mln
to 200 mln dlrs, according to analysts.
     Dart Group Corp was not immediately available for comment.
    Jerry Ballan, analyst with Conner Ballan division of Edward
Viner and Co, said, "They &lt;Dart> has been rumored to be buying
some other supermarkets as well, such as Stop and Shop."
    "My guess is that Supermarkets General does not want to be
bought out," said Ballan.
    Analysts, however, said Supermarkets General is facing
problems due to its Purity Supreme and Rickels operations,
which might make it difficult to thwart a bid.
    Supermarkets General is expected to report about 1.70 dlrs
a share compared to a 1.73 dlrs a share reported for 1985 on a
post stock split basis.
    For the first quarter, Comeau predicts the company will
earn 39 cts a share from 35 cts a share a year ago, and should
earn about 2.05 dlrs for 1987.
    "But that estimation could go to a 1.80 dlrs easily, due to
Purity Supreme in New England," Comeau said.
    He said competition among supermarkets is getting heated in
that area and that the company has had difficulty with
integrating Purity Supreme with its Pathmark store operations.
    Rickels, a home center business, has faced problems due to
the state of that industry, and has reported lower returns as
an operating unit, according to analysts.
    Analysts said that if Dart buys Supermarkets General it
would probably divest the company's operations.
    Analyst Comeau said "supermarkets general may seek a
combination with another supermarket company."
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3243>
ADVO-System Inc said it could
report a break even second quarter ending March 28, 1987
compared with a loss of 1.8 mln dlrs, or 16 cts a share, in
fiscal 1986's second quarter ended March 29, 1986.
    ADVO said it previously announced it would report a net
loss for the quarter.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3254>
The board of Medical Properties
Inc said it has declared an initial monthly cash dividend of
11-1/2 cts a share and has adopted a monthly dividend policy.
    The initial dividend will be payable April 10 to
shareholders of record March 31.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3258>
Immucor Inc said its board of
directors has declared a five-for-four stock split in the form
of a 25 pct stock dividend payable April 15 to shareholders of
record March 27.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3269>
Canadian Pacific Ltd said fourth
quarter 1986 operating profit rose to 91.6 mln dlrs, or 30 cts
a share, from 50.7 mln dlrs, or 20 cts a share, a year ago.
    The statement confirmed released preliminary earnings
figures the company released in February.
    A 102.6 mln dlr gain on the sale of CP's Cominco Ltd
interest helped raise final 1986 fourth quarter profit to 193.8
mln dlrs or 65 cts a share.
    The company said a drop in 1986 full-year operating profit
to 150.1 mln dlrs from a restated 252.7 mln dlrs in 1985 was
due mainly to lower world oil prices.
    The company said its CP Rail division reported 1986 net
income of 119.4 mln dlrs, compared with 133.4 mln dlrs in 1985.
It said grain traffic recovered from drought-affected levels of
a year ago but was offset by weakness in other traffic areas
and increased expenses.
    It said the net loss from its Soo Line increased to 33.5
mln dlrs loss from 8.7 mln dlrs loss in 1985, mainly due to
restructuring charges.
    Canadian Pacific said favorable developments during the
year included reduced bulk shipping losses as a result of a
recovery in tanker markets and a turnaround in the forest
products sector.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3271>
Ford Motor Co's stock rose 1-1/4 to
82-1/4 after analyst Maryann Keller of Furman Selz Mager Dietz
and Birney raised earnings estimates on the company, traders
said.
    Keller said that she expects the company's 1987 earnings to
rise to between 13.50-to-14 dlrs a share as compared to 12.32
dlrs a share earned last year.
    She said Ford's already good market share is expected to
remain favorable and earnings from overseas are expected to
improve.
    In addition, Keller said, the company is selling more of
its expensive model cars, which are more profitable.
    The non-automotive operations, including Ford Motor Credit,
are also expected to post improved earnings this year.
    Keller said she expects the company to split its stock and
raise its dividend to at least three dlrs a share this year.
    She noted that Chrysler Corp's &lt;C> announcement of a merger
proposal for American Motors Corp &lt;AMO> should have no short
term effect on Ford but could cut into Ford's share of the
truck market in the long term.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3273>
Dutch food retailer Ahold
NV &lt;AHLN.AS> expects unchanged profits in 1987 but said it will
take advantage of the lower dollar to expand further in the
U.S.
    Turnover will grow but net profits are expected to remain
around the 1986 level of 132.4 mln guilders due to higher Dutch
taxes and a three-year expansion plan, Ahold Chairman Albert
Heijn told a news conference.
    The profit forecast allows for a dollar rate around current
levels of just over three guilders.
    Turnover and net profit in 1986 were hit by the dollar,
which fell to an average 2.46 guilders from 3.35 in 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3275>
Pitt-Des Moines Inc said it will
receive a qualified opinion from auditors on its 1986 and 1985
financial statements.
    It said the qualification related to its inability to
determine the effects, if any, of the final resolution of a
suit filed against it by &lt;Washington Public Power Supply
System>.  The 1985 suit was dismissed in a 1986 lower court
action, but the ultimate outcome of the matter is still
uncertain since Washington Public Power has appealed to the
U.S. Court of Appeals.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3344>
National Fuel Gas Co said its board has
approved a two-for-one stock split and will consider an
increased cash dividend at its June meeting.
    The company also said management will recommend, at the
June board meeting, an increase of 12 cts per share in the
current annual dividend rate of 2.28 dlrs a share, raising it
to 2.40 dlrs per share, or 1.20 dlrs a share after the split.
    National Fuel Gas said the split will be paid to holders of
record May 29.  A spokeswoman said the distribution date for
the split has not been determined.
    The company said the split is subject to approval of the
Securities and Exchange Commission under the Public Utility
Holding Act. The company now has 11,928,871 shares outstanding.
            
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3380>
General Cinema Corp said
lower attendence at its theatres against last year's record
Christmas season lowered its first fiscal quarter operating
earnings nine pct to 15.9 mln dlrs.
    "While we are not off to as good a start in fiscal 1987 as
we would like, business has picked up in the last few weeks,"
chairman Richard Smith said.
    He said that the company expected net pricing to be higher
and unit volume to improve in the remaining quarters of the
fiscal year.
    The company added that operating earnings in its theatre
unit will be higher in fiscal 1987 if the important summer
season film releases perform well.
    In addition, its other key business, General Cinema
Beverages, is expected to achieve record operating results for
the full year, Smith said.
    The company's superstar video business which rents video
cassettes in supermarkets continues to operate at an expected
loss, the company added.
    General Cinema said the financing costs associated with its
purchase of 3.5 mln Carter Hawley Hale Stores Inc &lt;CHH> shares
for 177.9 mln dlrs, and its 89.7 mln sterling investment in
&lt;Cadbury Schweppes PLC>, lowered first quarter net.
    But it said the loss was offset by a 2.5 mln dlr gain on
the sale of common shares of Sea-Land Corp, a unit of CSX Corp
&lt;CSX>.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3382>
Americus Trust For Bristol Myers shares
announced an initial dividend of 68.75 cts payable May 12 for
shareholders of record April 3.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3405>
Atco Ltd said its Atco
Development unit agreed to sell the Canadian Utilities Center
in Edmonton, Alberta and the Canadian Western Center in
Calgary.
    The sales, together with the previously-announced sale of
Atco's Australian operations, will gross 114 mln dlrs and
result in an after-tax gain of 31 mln dlrs, which will be
reflected in Atco's fiscal year results.
    Its fiscal year ends March 31, the company said. In
addition, the sales will produce 47 mln dlrs cash after debt
reduction of 67 mln dlrs, Atco said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3420>
CTS Corp said it increased its
1986 loss from continuing operations to 26.6 mln dlrs from the
previously announced 23.8 mln dlrs loss.
    The 1986 figure was increased to include expenses involved
with its settlement of a dispute with Dynamics Corp of America
&lt;DYA>.
    The settlement involved a takeover bid for CTS by Dynamics
Corp, which had offered to buy the shares of CTS that it did
not already own.
    CTS made a profit of 7.9 mln dlrs from continuing
operations in 1985.
    CTS said it charged an additional 2.8 mln dlrs in special
expenses to its 1986 operations as a result of the Dynamics
Corp settlement.
    The additional expenses include the obligation to reimburse
Dynamics Corp, subject to approval of CTS shareholders, a total
of 2.1 mln dlrs for Dynamics Corp's expenses and other costs
relating to CTS.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3456>
Shr 16.3p vs 12.2p
    Div 2.75p vs 2.25p making 3.8p vs 3.15p adjusted for
    Three-for-one capitalisation
    Pre-tax profit 54.9 mln stg vs 33.4 mln
    Turnover 1.70 billion vs 1.13 billion
    Tax 7.6 mln vs 2.6 mlnProfit attributable 51.9 mln vs 30.1   
 Mln
    Cost of Sales 1.49 billion vs 999.3 mln
    Gross profit 215.9 mln vs 136.2 mln
    Distribution costs 90.3 mln vs 57.2 mln
    Adminstrative expenses 65.9 mln vs 40.8 mln
    Other operating income 3.9 mln vs nil
    Interest payable 8.7 mln vs 4.8 mln
    Minority interests 1.0 mln vs 0.7 mln
    Extraordinary credit (sale of share in S and W Berisford
Plc) 5.6 mln vs nil
    Operating profit includes -
    Poultry, eggs and animal feed 21.7 mln vs 17.2 mln
    Food processing and distribution 15.4 mln vs 6.9 mln
    Furniture and timber distribution 8.4 mln vs 3.4 mln
    Fresh meat and bacon 8.0 mln vs 4.5 mln
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3463>
Hillsdown Holdings Plc &lt;HLDN.L> said
early results for 1987 were encouraging, and the combination of
its investment and acquisition strategies enabled it to look
forward confidently for an excellent result for the year.
    The company was commenting on 1986 results which showed
pre-tax profit rising to 54.9 mln stg from 33.4 mln previously
on turnover that lifted to 1.70 billion from 1.13 billion.
    The figures initially boosted the share price to 286p from
281p last night, but they then eased back to 283p by 0830 GMT.
    Hillsdown said capital expenditure rose in 1986 to 60 mln
stg from 31.5 mln and would continue at this high level in
1987.
    The placing of 82.5 mln shares last year raised 160.7 mln
stg and enabled shareholders' funds to more than double to 352
mln at year-end.
    Net borrowings were 20 pct of shareholder's funds and the
group had listed investments of 47.1 mln.
    The company said it had bought a total of 40 companies
during the year for a total price of some 180 mln stg. Although
these had made minor contribution to profits the real benefits
would come in 1988 and beyond.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3466>
Nippon Oil Co Ltd &lt;NPOL.T> predicted
parent company net profit of about nine billion yen in the year
ending March 31, down 10.4 pct from a year earlier, president
Yasuoki Takeuchi told a press conference.
    Current profit for the year was estimated at 17 to 18
billion yen, down 20 to 24 pct from a year earlier, he said.
    Takeuchi said sales are expected to fall 40 pct to 1,700
billion yen for the fifth consecutive year-on-year drop. This
year's fall was due to lower selling prices for end-users,
which more than offset the yen's appreciation. The company will
retain six yen dividend for 1986/87.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3468>
Shr 5.95p vs 4.41p
    Div 2.25p vs 2.0p
    Pre-tax profit 11.6 mln vs 9.1 mln
    Tax 4.2 mln vs 3.6 mln
    Turnover 256.3 mln vs 185.3 mln
    Note - company said it was unlikely second-half profits
will show same rate of increase as first. But it had great
confidence in prospects for future growth.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3474>
Cons banking gp net profit 496.7 mln schillings vs 354.5
mln
    Cons banking gp balance sheet total at year-end 453.4
    Billion schillings vs 425.4 billion
    Parent bank net profit 370.6 mln vs 253.0 mln
    Parent bank balance sheet total 372.5 billion vs 348.2
    Billion
    Parent bank dividend 12 pct vs 10 pct
    Parent bank div payout 363.0 mln schillings vs 247.5 mln
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3480>
Shr 8.1p loss vs 26.3p earnings
    Div 3.25p making 5.25p vs 10.5p
    Net loss 62.1 mln stg vs 71.6 mln profit
    Operating profit before tax 73.6 mln vs 273.8 mln
    Turnover 1.47 billion vs 1.74 billion
    Cost of sales 1.22 billion vs 1.39 billion
    Gross profit 241.8 mln vs 357.6 mln
    Distribution costs and administrative expenses 152.2 mln vs
    123.1 mln
    Share of profits in associates 17.1 mln vs 68.2 mln
    Other operating income 15.8 mln vs 16.9 mln
    Financing charges 48.9 mln vs 45.8 mln
    Tax 63.9 mln vs 169.7 mln
    Exceptional items 4.9 mln debit vs 5.5 mln debit
    Net results of discontinued operations 15.6 mln debit vs
    20.9 mln debit
    Loss on ordinary activities before minority interest 10.8
    Mln vs 77.7 mln profit
    Minority interest 11.3 mln vs 6.1 mln
    Extraordinary debits 40.0 mln vs nil
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3486>
Shr 28.5p vs 26.6p.
    Final div 8p, making 13p vs 12p.
    Pre-tax profit 132.4 mln stg vs 132.7 mln.
    Net profit befire minorities  81.0 mln vs 74.4 mln.
    Sales 2.06 billion stg vs 2.20 billion.
    Extraordinary debit 36.5 mln vs 20.4 mln.
    Trading surplus after depreciation 145.7 mln stg vs 158.1
    Mln
    Investment and interest income 5.4 mln vs 3.8 mln
    Interest payable 42.5 mln vs 43.9 mln
    Profits from related companies, less losses, 23.8 mln vs
    14.7 mln
    Tax 51.4 mln vs 58.3 mln
    Profit attributable to outside shareholders' interests 12.6
    Mln vs 11.2 mln
    Note - Extraordinary debit included charge for
restructuring auto parts distribution in France and loss of 10
mln stg on sale of steel stock business.
    Trading surplus comprised -
    Automotive components and products 101 mln stg vs 105 mln
    Industrial services and supplies 30 mln vs 21 mln
    Wholesale and industrial distribution 11 mln vs 22 mln
    Steels and forgings four mln vs 10 mln
    By region, Britain contributed 34 mln stg vs 47 mln
    Continental Europe 77 mln vs 56 mln
    U.S.A. 28 mln vs 51 mln
    Rest of world seven mln vs four mln
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3490>
Ultramar Plc &lt;UMAR.L> said that while
its fourth 1986 quarter had improved from the operational point
of view, several special charges adversely affected results.
    Overall the year had not been a good one, with upstream
operations dramatically hit by the fall in crude oil prices and
downstream operations also affected in the first half by large
losses on inventories.
    But margins improved in the second half and in particular
refining and marketing in Eastern Canada showed a good
recovery.
    The company was commenting on results that showed a net
loss for the year of 62.1 mln stg after a 71.6 mln profit in
1985.
    The fourth quarter charges included a 20.8 mln stg
provision on a retroactive price agreement recently initialled
by Pertamina and Japanese buyers of the company's liquid
natural gas and 4.7 mln for the early months of its ownership
of Gulf Canada's marketing assets.
    Ultramar said it had also included the estimated cost of a
further reorganisation programme, which was partly offset by a
withdrawal of surplus funds from U.S. Pension schemes, and a
13.5 mln stg provision for the estimated cost of selling its
U.S. Flag shipping operation.
    The immediate outlook for crude oil prices was uncertain
although it was unlikely there would be any sizeable increase
in the near term. However, Ultramar said it was optimistic
prices would strengthen over the longer term.
    Its substantial reserves of crude oil and natural gas put
it in a good position to benefit from any price recovery.
    In the meantime, Ultramar's objectives were to improve
profitability by selling or restructuring weak operations while
strengthening core businesses and developing a sound
operational and financial base.
    Proven, probable and possible reserves at end-1986 totalled
about 700 mln barrels net on an oil-equivalent basis.
    Ultramar shares firmed on the announcement to 187p from
181p at last night's close.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3497>
Highveld Steel and Vanadium Corp
Ltd said it expects 1987 earnings will be lower than last
year's previously reported 85 cts a share.
    But profits "will be at a satisfactory level," the company
said in the annual report without giving a specific estimate.
    Highveld said it expects appreciation of the rand will be
offset to some extent by increasing U.S. Dollar prices for its
exports as the year progresses.
    Highveld said measures taken last year by the European
Economic Community and the United States prohibiting all South
African steel products "presents a challenge to management to
place the steel in other areas."
    The company said overall world vanadium consumption in 1987
is expected to be similar to last year although China's role is
still an unknown factor in the total supply-demand situation.
    "World vanadium production capacity is still believed to be
adequate to cater for any foreseeable demand," it added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3505>
A spokesman for Preussag
AG &lt;PRSG.F> said it was not yet certain whether the company
would pay a dividend on 1986 results
    He was commenting on a Preussag statement which said
results in 1986 were lower than in 1985. Preussag has
frequently said its results came under further pressure in 1986
following a difficult year in 1985.
    Managing board chairman Guenther Sassmannshausen said in
December the board would prefer to stick to its policy of not
dipping into reserves to pay dividends. The spokesman noted the
final dividend decision rests with the supervisory board.
    The Preussag statement said results fell in 1986 compared
with 1985 because declines in earnings in metals, oil and
shipping were not entirely compensated by positive trends in
the group's other divisions.
    The spokesman said it was not clear whether the domestic
group would show a net profit in 1986, adding this would depend
partly on the level of provisions.
    Preussag cut its 1985 dividend to eight marks from nine
marks on 1984 results after parent company net profit dropped
to 65.0 mln marks from 103.0 mln the year before.
    The Preussag world group made a net loss of 13.1 mln marks
in 1985 after a net profit of 154.5 mln the year before.
Domestic group net profit fell to 77.9 mln from 122.2 mln.
    The statement said its results in 1986 were affected by
unsatisfactory selling prices for metals and oil as well as by
poor use of capacity in the supply ship sector.
    The reduction in natural gas prices in the fourth quarter
of 1986 to reflect earlier falls in oil prices was an
additional factor behind the drop in results.
    Preussag said rationalization measures already introduced
would not begin to take full effect until this year.
    Preussag's domestic group turnover rose to 4.48 billion
marks in 1986 from 4.29 billion in 1985, helped by the first
time consolidation of 951.8 mln marks of turnover from its
majority-owned oil and gas subsidiary C. Deilmann AG.
    Domestic group turnover in the 1986 fourth quarter alone
was 1.1 billion marks, it said without giving comparison
figures.
    Preussag said its domestic crude oil production fell 4.0
pct to 94,400 tonnes in 1986, while foreign oil production rose
to 182,900 tonnes from 174,500 tonnes.
    Preussag said its Amalgamated Metal Corporation Plc (AMC)
subsidiary, whose results are included in the world group
accounts, made an unspecified profit in the fourth quarter of
last year.
    AMC's large losses in 1985, caused principally by the
international tin crisis, were the reason behind the world
group losses that year.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3517>
Shr 21.2p vs 16.0p
    Div 4.75p making 8.25p vs 5.83p
    Pretax profit 505 mln stg vs 362 mln
    Turnover 4.02 billion vs 3.88 billion
    Tax 128 mln vs 85 mln
    Operating profit 527 mln vs 421 mln
    Operating profit includes -
    Other income 30 mln vs 41 mln
    Financial costs 52 mln vs 100 mln
    Minorities 25 mln vs 16 mln
    Earnings 352 mln vs 261 mln
    Extraordinary credit 78 mln vs 34 mln debit.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3543>
Oper shr profit five cts vs loss 1.71 dlrs
    Oper net profit 196,000 vs loss 2,388,000
    Sales 40.5 mln vs 43.2 mln
    Avg shrs 2,212,000 vs 1,482,000
    Year
    Oper shr profit 71 cts vs loss 6.24 dlrs
    Oper net profit 1,799,000 vs loss 8,991,000
    Sales 154.5 mln vs 145.0 mln
    NOTE: Net excludes losses from discontinued operations of
712,000 dlrs vs 2,843,000 dlrs in quarter and 1,972,000 dlrs vs
10.6 mln dlrs in year.
    1986 net excludes extraordinary loss 1,167,000 dlrs in
quarter and gain 628,000 dlrs in year.
    1986 year net includes gain one mln dlrs from sale of
building and gain 3,200,000 dlrs from termination of pension
plan.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3545>
Oper shr 22 cts vs 22 cts
    Oper net 2,058,000 vs 2,129,000
    Revs 44.5 mln vs 35.7 mln
    Avg shrs 9,589,000 vs 9,348,000
    Year
    Oper shr 94 cts vs 94 cts
    Oper net 8,889,000 vs 8,570,000
    Revs 155.0 mln vs 123.4 mln
    Avg shrs 9,450,000 vs 9,174,000
    NOTE: Net excludes discontinued operations gain 1,637,000
dlrs vs loss 720,000 dlrs in quarter and gain 4,679,000 dlrs vs
loss 720,000 dlrs in year.
    1986 net both periods includes charge 865,000 dlrs from
repal of investment tax credits.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3557>
Oper shr seven cts vs 20 cts
    Oper net 347,855 vs 787,117
    Revs 6,748,868 vs 6,849,499
    Avg shrs 5,391,666 vs 4,277,157
    Year
    Oper shr 56 cts vs 46 cts
    Oper net 2,617,528 vs 2,003,661
    Revs 27.1 mln vs 27.3 mln
    Avg shrs 4,763,793 vs 3,377,157
    NOTE: Net excludes realized gains on investments of 925,576
dlrs vs 577,389 dlrs in quarter and 1,776,341 dlrs vs 797,932
dlrs in year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3564>
Creditanstalt-Bankverein &lt;CABV.VI> is
likely to raise its 1987 dividend from the 1986 payment of 12
pct of share capital, deputy general-director Guido
Schmidt-Chiari said.
    The 1985 dividend was 10 pct, unchanged from the previous
year and Schmidt-Chiari noted that the parent bank's share
capital had risen to 3.1 billion schillings at the end of 1986
from 2.7 billion a year earlier.
    Schmidt-Chiari made the forecast at a news conference when
the bank announced a 1986 consolidated banking group net profit
of 496.7 mln schillings for 1986, against 354.5 mln in 1985.
    Schmidt-Chiari did not elaborate on his dividend forecast.
    The banking group's consolidated balance sheet total rose
to 453.4 billion schillings at year-end from 425.4 billion.
    General director Hannes Androsch said higher investment
would lead to continuing growth in profits in future. Last
year's better profits had resulted from improvements in
services provided by the bank and also in profits on schilling
lending.
    Schilling lending had grown last year and interest rate
margins had also improved but remained unsatisfactory when
compared with those in other countries, he said.
    Increased provisions for possible bad debts at home and
abroad, particularly in Latin America, had lowered profits,
Androsch said, but declined to give an exact figure.
    Schmidt-Chiari said that foreign lending business had
fallen significantly due to exchange rate fluctuations,
removing some 22 billion schillings from the balance sheet
total.
    In an attempt to generate more foreign business,
representative offices would be opened this year in Tokyo, Hong
Kong, Moscow and Prague. Androsch welcomed government plans to
abolish legal controls on foreigners buying voting shares and
drawing dividends.
    Preference shares of state-controlled Creditanstalt rose
eight schillings on the Vienna Bourse today to 2,008. Brokers
said improved results had been widely expected by investors.
    Androsch said industrial holdings had performed better in
1986 than in previous years, giving a return on investment of
2.6 pct compared with 1.3 pct in 1985. Creditanstalt, Austria's
largest bank, holds majority interests in 10 medium-sized and
large Austrian companies.
    But he forecast its biggest industrial subsidiary, Steyr
-Daimler-Puch AG &lt;SDPV.VI> would return a 1987 result similar
to the expected 1986 operating loss of 700 mln schillings.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3569>
Shr 47 cts vs 40 cts
    Net 4,258,000 vs 5,942,000
    Revs 92.6 mln vs 77.1 mln
    Avg shrs 8,977,000 vs 15.0 mln
    Year
    Shr 1.22 dlrs vs 1.34 dlrs
    Net 16.4 mln vs 20.0 mln
    Revs 329.1 mln vs 272.1 mln
    Avg shrs 13.5 mln vs 15.0 mln
    NOTE: Interest expense 4,384,000 dlrs vs 545,000 dlrs in
quarter and 6,979,000 dlrs vs 2,425,000 dlrs in year.
    1986 year net reflects undisclosed amount of expenses for
defense of takeover effort.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3575>
Novell Inc said its board
declared a two-for-one stock split, payable to holders of
record at the close of business on MArch 31.
    It said shareholders at the annual meeting approved a
doubling of authorized common shares to 30 mln from 15 mln and
a limitation of directors' liability.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3578>
Heart Federal Savings and Loan
Association said its board declared a two-for-one stock split,
payable April 30 to holders of record April 15.
    The company said the split is subject to shareholder
approval at the April 15 annual meeting of an increase in
authorized common shares to 10 mln from five mln.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3579>
Pre-tax income 788 mln Danish crowns vs 872 mln
    Sales 4.21 billion crowns vs 4.11 billion
    Income after tax 521 mln crowns vs 604 mln
    Earnings per 20-crown share 20.45 crowns vs 23.79
    Dividend 20 pct (unchanged).
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3580>
Qtly div 10 cts vs 10 cts in prior qtr
    Payable March 31
    Record March 23
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3582>
Shr 18 cts vs 14 cts
    Net 556,036 vs 403,945
    Sales 15.6 mln vs 13.6 mln
    Avg shrs 3,132,555 vs 2,934,285
    Year
    Shr 60 cts vs 48 cts
    Net 1,805,229 vs 1,400,247
    Sales 60.1 mln vs 52.3 mln
    Avg shrs 3,012,917 vs 2,940,219
    NOTE: 1985 share data adjusted to reflect three for two
stock split effective June 30, 1986
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3585>
Shr 45 cts vs 50 cts
    Net 18.0 mln vs 19.9 mln
    Sales 116.1 mln vs 108.8 mln
    Year
    Shr 1.01 dlrs vs 1.04 dlrs
    Net 39.8 mln vs 41.1 mln
    Sales 304.5 mln vs 278.1 mln
    NOTE: Share adjusted for three-for-two split in June 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3597>
Raab Karcher AG, a trading
subsidiary of VEBA AG &lt;VEBG.F>, said it increased operating
profit in 1986 despite a sharp decline in turnover, and added
there were good chances this profit level could be held in
1987.
    Operating profit rose to just under 120 mln marks in 1986,
from around 100 mln in 1985.
    However, the group's third party sales fell sharply to 7.2
billion marks from 9.4 billion the year before, largely due to
lower prices for energy products, particularly oil and coal,
managing board chairman Klaus Giesel told a news conference.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3598>
Hovnanian Enterprises Inc said
its board of directors has declared a two-for-one split of its
outstanding common stock.
    The company said shareholders will receive one additional
share for each share held at the close of business on March 23,
1987 and additional shares will be distributed on April 13,
1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3601>
Qtly div 18 cts vs 14 cts prior
    Pay March 31
    Record March 25
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3602>
Oper shr profit 32 cts vs loss 66 cts
    Oper net profit 2,454,000 vs loss 3,558,000
    Sales 96.1 mln vs 91.4 mln
    Year
    Oper shr profit 72 cts vs loss 63 cts
    Oper net profit 6,495,000 vs loss 1,833,000
    Sales 368.1 mln vs 322.1 mln
    NOTE: Earnings exclude losses from discontinued
consolidated operations of 460,000 dlrs, or eight cts a share
vs 5,364,000 dlrs, or 86 cts a share in the quarter and
11,334,000 dlrs, or 1.82 dlrs a share vs 11,637,000 dlrs, or
1.88 dlrs a share for the year
    Earnings exclude a loss on the sale of discontinued
consolidated operations of 200,000 dlrs, or three cts a share
in the 1986 quarter and a loss of 4,960,000 dlrs, or 80 cts a
share vs a gain of 4,404,000 dlrs, or 71 cts a share for the
year
    NOTE: 1985 earnings exclude losses from discontinued
unconsolidated operations of 5,488,000 dlrs, or 89 cts a share
in each period
    1985 earnings exclude gain from termination of defined
benefit pension plan of 490,000 dlrs, or eight cts a share in
the quarter and 1,438,000 dlrs, or 23 cts a share for the year
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3603>
PMI Fund Inc said its board declared
monthly dividends of six cts for April, four cts for May, five
cts for June, seven cts for July and six cts for August.
    The fund, which customarily omits dividends in March and
September, last paid six cts in February.  Dividends declared
today are payable April Three, May Six, June Four, July Three
and August Six to holders of record March 23, April 17, May 15,
June 12 and July 17.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3604>
Jan 31 end
    Shr 51 cts vs 38 cts
    Net 3,254,000 vs 2,423,000
    Sales 65.9 mln vs 51.1 mln
    Year
    Shr 1.18 dlrs vs 1.15 dlrs
    Net 7,485,000 vs 7,285,000
    Sales 207.5 mln vs 164.1 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3605>
TENERA LP said it will make an
initial quarterly distribution of 17 cts per unit on April 15
to holders of record March 31.
    The partnership said the dividend is greater than it had
expectd to pay and was warranted by fourth quarter results and
anticipated results for this year's first quarter.
    TENERA said it expects a comparable distribution for the
second quarter.  It said about 13 cts per share of the first
quarter amount will be taxable income.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3613>
Finland's mining and metals group
Outokumpu Oy &lt;OUTO.HE>, which last week reported a 1986 loss of
83 mln markka after three successive years of profits, said it
restructured its key copper processing division in an attempt
to rationalize production and improve profitability.
    Outokumpu's Managing Director Pertti Voutilainen told a
news conference the reorganization involved a split of the
division into a new independent division with six profit
centres.
    Outokumpu group had a 1986 loss before appropriations and
taxes of 83 mln markka after a profit of 355 mln in 1985. It
had profits in 1984 and 1983 but a loss, 171.2 mln, in 1982.
    Outokumpu acquired two Swedish copper manufacturers in
January 1986, &lt;Metallverken Ab> and &lt;Wirsbo Bruks Ab>, that
were merged into its copper processing division.
    The division had a turnover of 3.2 billion markka last
year, 42 pct of Outokumpu's group turnover of 7.58 billion.
    The new Outokumpu division, called Copper Products
Industry, is to incorporate Outokumpu's copper production
plants, including its two U.S. Subsidiaries &lt;Nippert Co> and
&lt;Valleycast Inc>, as well as Metallverken and part of Wirsbo.
    Outokumpu is planning to make Wirsbo an independent
division in the Outokumpu group and transfer only Wirsbo's
copper tube production into one of the new division's profit
centres. A definite decision on Wirsbo will be taken later this
year.
    The new division will have production plants in Finland,
Sweden, Norway, the Netherlands and the U.S.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3619>
Bayer USA Inc said sales of its
affiliated operating cmpanies based in the U.S. increased in
1986 by 4.4 pct from the previous year.
    Combined sales were 4.2 billion dlrs, up from 4.0 billion
dlrs in 1985, the company said.
    However, the company said net income was 106.9 mln dlrs,
three pct below 1985.
    Bayer said its operating companies include Mobay Corp,
Miles Laboratories Inc, Agfa-Gevaert Inc, Compugraphic Corp,
Haarmann and Reimer Corp, Deerfield Urethane Inc and Helena
Chemical Co.
    Bayer said Mobay, its primary chemicals company, reported
net income of 83.4 mln dlrs, up eight pct of 1985. It also said
Miles, its pharmaceutical and healthcare company, recorded
net income of 29 mln dlrs, a 44 pct increase over 1985.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3620>
Deb Shops Inc said its board
declared a 100 pct stock dividend and will increase the
quarterly dividend to four cts from 3-1/4 cts after adjustm,ent
for the split.
    The company said the split is payable April 17 to holders
of record March 25.  The dividend increase will be effective
with the April 30 payment, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3623>
Visual Graphics Corp &lt;VGCA> &lt;VGCB>
said its board declared a quarterly dividend of 7-1/2 cts per
share on its class "B" common stock and 8-1/4 cts per share on
class "A" common stock payable April Three to shareholders of
record as of March 23.
     The company set up the two classes of common stock in
February. Previously, the company had paid a 7-1/2 cent per
share quarterly dividend on one class of common stock.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3624>
Shr 71 cts vs 57 cts
    Net 5,457,000 vs 4,299,000
    Sales 62.9 mln vs 50.1 mln
    Year
    Shr 1.65 dlrs vs 1.37 dlrs
    Net 12.6 mln vs 10.4 mln
    Sales 181.4 mln vs 147.1 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3626>
Shr profit nine cts vs loss two cts
    Net profit 1,419,000 vs loss 314,000
    Revs 8,097,000 vs 4,794,000
    Avg shrs 15.8 mln vs 15.5 mln
    Year
    Shr profit 37 cts vs loss 10 cts
    Net profit 5,695,000 vs loss 1,268,000
    Revs 40.9 mln vs 4,794,000
    Avg shrs 15.6 mln vs 12.5 mln
    NOTE: Company began operations Nov 17, 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3629>
Shr 64 cts vs 51 cts
    Net 4,373,000 vs 3,346,000
    Sales 59.8 mln vs 45.5 mln
    Avg shrs 6,808,000 vs 6,600,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.57 dlrs vs 1.18 dlrs
    Net 10.7 mln vs 7,745,000
    Sales 167.0 mln vs 123.1 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3630>
Danish-based insulin and enzymes
producer Novo Industri A/S (NVO.CO) said pre-tax earnings fell
almost 10 pct in 1986 though sales rose by two pct.
    The pre-tax figure fell to 788 mln crowns from 872 mln in
1985, on sales increased from 4.1 billion to 4.2 billion,
giving net earnings of 521 mln crowns against 604 mln in 1985.
    Earnings per 20-crown share went from 23.79 crowns to 20.45
crowns but the company proposed an unchanged 20 pct dividend.
    "Foreign exchange fluctuations in 1986 were a very
significant factor behind developments in the result before and
after tax," Novo said in a statement.
    "Not only the U.S. Dollar but also other currencies
essential to Novo fell in 1986 in relation to the Danish crown,"
the statement added.
    In November 1986, Novo purchased 75 pct of shares in A/S
Ferrosan, which heads a group specialising in research and
development of CNS (central nervous treatment) treatments and
the sale of pharmaceuticals and vitamins in Scandinavia.
    The 357 mln crowns paid in goodwill "had a very limited
effect on the 1986 result," the Novo statement said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3631>
Shr loss 30 cts vs loss 43 cts
    Net loss 891,000 vs loss 969,000
    Revs 1,930,000 vs 1,815,000
    Avg shrs 2.9 mln vs 2.2 mln
    Nine Mths
    Shr loss one dlr vs loss 1.36 dlrs
    Net loss 2,622,000 vs loss 3,037,000
    Revs 4,638,000 vs 4,105,000
    Avg shrs 2.6 mln vs 2.2 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3633>
Shr 1.26 dlrs vs 67 cts
    Net 7,299,000 vs 3,607,000
    Revs 52.4 mln vs 40.7 mln
    Avg shrs 6,028,755 vs 2,408,766
    NOTE: 1985 results restated to include Deltona Corp &lt;DLT>
investment on equity method.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3634>
Oper shr profit 18 cts vs loss one ct
    Oper net profit 387,832 vs loss 29,312
    Revs 6,872,630 vs NA
    Year
    Oper shr profit 39 cts vs loss 23 cts
    Oper net profit 835,010 vs loss 441,836
    Revs 20.8 mln vs NA
    Avg shrs 2,135,909 vs 1,885,909
    NOTE: Excludes gains of 378,000 dlrs or 18 cts and 715,000
dlrs or 33 cts in current qtr and year, respectively, from
benefit of tax loss carryforwards. Year-ago excludes losses of
75,809 dlrs or four cts in qtr and 146,061 dlrs or eight cts in
year from discontinued operations. 1985 restated.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3637>
Oper shr 91 cts vs seven cts
    Oper net 4,356,774 vs 289,764
    Revs 69.2 mln vs 50.2 mln
    Avg shrs 4,736,692 vs 4,151,672
    NOTE: 1985 net excludes 3,027,714 dlr loss from
discontinued operations.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3643>
&lt;ANova Ventures Corp> said its board
declared a dividend payable in the form of registered shares of
stock in &lt;Duvel Corp>, a blind public pool.
    ANova describes itself as a publishing and financial
services firm specializing in arranging revers acquisitions and
mergers between blind pools/shells and private companies.
    ANova said it created Duvel to act as a blind pool and will
seek an operating private company to merger with Duvel. Duvel
has sold 300,000 common shares to a private investor group to
finance expenses of registration and 640,000 shares will be
paid to ANova stockholders as a dividend, it added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3647>
Qtly div nine cts vs eight cts prior
    Pay May 12
    Record March 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3649>
Shr 1.60 dlrs vs 3.12 dlrs
    Net 10.6 mln vs 20.6 mln
    Revs 162.5 mln vs 214.6 mln
    Note: 1985 shr restated to reflect January 31, 1986 stock
split.
    73 pct-owned by Kelsey-Hayes Co.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3651>
Qtly div 27-1/2 cts vs 27-1/2 cts prior
    Pay April 15
    Record March 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3667>
Nov 30 end
    Shr four cts vs 11 cts
    Net 62,986 vs 174,158
    Sales 720,906 vs 907,542
    Year
    Shr 18 cts vs six cts
    Net 277,852 vs 94,263
    Sales 2,247,374 vs 2,030,390
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3668>
Shr one ct vs five cts
    Net 50,745 vs 161,019
    Revs 478,700 vs 1,048,543
    Avg shrs 4,350,000 vs 3,217,500
    Nine mths
    Shr four cts vs 12 cts
    Net 169,275 vs 390,179
    Revs 1,478,066 vs 2,658,692
    Avg shrs 4,350,000 vs 3,217,500
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3669>
Oper shr profit one ct vs profit two cts
    Oper net profit 63,000 vs profit 84,000
    Sales 5,009,000 vs 4,042,000
    1st half
    Oper shr profit two cts vs loss 17 cts
    Oper net profit 87,000 vs loss 794,000
    Sales 9,838,000 vs 7,368,000
    Backlog 17.8 mln vs 11.4 mln
    NOTE: Current year net excludes tax credits of 32,000 dlrs
in quarter and 45,000 dlrs in half.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3672>
Oper shr 21 cts vs 34 cts
    Oper net 480,000 vs 765,000
    Revs 6,386,000 vs 5,862,000
    Year
    Oper shr 1.20 dlrs vs 78 cts
    Oper net 2,692,000 vs 1,732,000
    Revs 25.2 mln vs 20.3 mln
    NOTEL Net excludes tax credit 35,000 dlrs vs reversal of
credit 40,000 dlrs in quarter and credits 79,000 dlrs vs 72,000
dlrs in year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3674>
Qtly div 15 cts vs 15 cts prior
    Pay May 11
    Record March 31.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3676>
Shr nine cts vs four cts
    Net 658,159 vs 299,930
    Revs 3,770,341 vs 2,614,224
    Avg shrs 7,382,802 vs 6,747,442
    Year
    Oper shr 33 cts vs 18 cts
    Oper net 2,287,179 vs 1,045,799
    Revs 13.1 mln vs 8,577,853
    Avg shrs 6,874,505 vs 5,951,612
    NOTE: 1985 year net includes 13,000 dlr tax credit.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3680>
Shr loss 19 cts vs profit 11 cts
    Net loss 1,140,270 vs profit 590,463
    Revs 1,259,164 vs 3,225,512
    Year
    Shr loss 67 cts vs profit 10 cts
    Net loss 4,004,840 vs profit 580,488
    Revs 3,184,480 vs 9,123,041
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3681>
Shr 14 cts
    Net 510,917
    Sales 12.3 mln
    NOTE: Share adjusted for five for four stock split in
January 1987.
    Backlog 13.0 mln dlrs vs 3,733,000 dlrs.
    Company began operating January 27, 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3688>
Dutch bank F. Van
Lanschot Bankiers N.V., Co-owned by National Westminster PLC
&lt;NWBL.L> and RABOBANK B.A. &lt;RABN.A> , said 1986 net profit rose
8.8 pct to 24.1 mln guilders on a 4.8-pct higher balance sheet
total of 6.2 billion.
    Van Lanschot Bankiers is a subsidiary of Van Lanschot
Beleggingscompagnie B.V. In which Britain's National
Westminster Bank PLC and Dutch cooperative bank RABOBANK
Nederland B.A. Each have a 40-pct stake. Commercial Union's
Dutch insurance unit &lt;Delta Lloyd Verzekeringsgroep N.V.> has a
5.4-pct stake in Van Lanschot, which lowered risk provisions to
22.5 mln guilders.
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3695>
Shr 10 cts vs two cts
    Net 163,832 vs 31,063
    Sales 5,434,430 vs 3,167,735
    Avg shrs 1,712,231 vs 1,533,277
    Year
    Shr 59 cts vs 41 cts
    Net 1,016,375 vs 550,625
    Sales 19.7 mln vs 9,755,018
    Avg shrs 1,710,256 vs 1,327,172
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3697>
Shr 52 cts vs 41 cts
    Net 4,921,601 vs 3,157,070
    Revs 35.8 mln vs 31.7 mln
    Avg shrs 8,939,955 vs 7,600,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 52 cts vs 34 cts
    Net 4,604,406 vs 2,585,621
    Revs 36.0 mln vs 32.1 mln
    Avg shrs 8,939,955 vs 7,600,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3699>
J.C. Penney Co's stock rose sharply 
after analyst William Smith of Smith Barney recommended the
stock, based on the company's strong earnings momentum and the
possibility of a stock buyback, dividend hike or stock split,
traders said.
    "I am very impressed with the strong basic earnings story,"
analyst Smith said, noting that the company has "fine tuned its
buying and inventories, and has admirably controlled costs in a
time that they needed to."
    The stock jumped 2-1/2 to 98-3/4.
    Smith said the company ended 1986 with a strong cash
position of about 639 mln dlrs as compared to 158 mln dlrs the
year before. "This implies the possibility of a share buyback,
or significant dividend increase or a stock split," he said.
    In addition, he said the company has been gradually
adjusting its merchandise mix and its gross margins have been
improving.
    Smith expects the company to earn 8.25-to-8.50 dlrs a share
in 1987 as compared to the 7.06 dlrs a share earned last year.
Last year's results include a 69 cent charge for the buyback of
debt.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3713>
Shr loss one ct vs loss 16 cts
    Net loss 117,989 vs loss 528,394
    Revs 820,484 vs 35,186
    Avg shrs 8,226,577 vs 3,150,000
    Nine mths
    Shr loss seven cts vs loss 37 cts
    Net loss 527,864 vs loss 1,177,434
    Revs 1,975,487 vs 90,875
    Avg shrs 7,277,418 vs 3,150,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3721>
4th qtr Jan 31
    Shr five cts vs 28 cts
    Net 2,448,000 vs 13.3 mln
    Revs 156.1 mln vs 225.5 mln
    Avg shrs 47.3 mln vs 47.8 mln
    Year
    Shr 18 cts vs 1.01 dlrs
    Net 8,430,000 vs 48.2 mln
    Revs 587.9 mln vs 843.9 mln
    Avg shrs 47.4 mln vs 47.9 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3730>
Shr 19 cts vs 12 cts
    Net 850,000 vs 432,000
    Sales 9,850,000 vs 4,783,000
    Avg shrs 4,504,000 vs 3,527,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 57 cts vs 37 cts
    Net 2,400,000 vs 1,281,000
    Sales 25.2 mln vs 12.8 mln
    Avg shrs 4,233,000 vs 3,485,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3734>
Qtly div four cts vs four cts prior
    Pay April 15
    Record March 23
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3738>
Ope shr 63 cts vs 80 cts
    Oper net 3,169,000 vs 3,757,000
    Revs 9,585,000 vs 10.2 mln
    Avg shrs 5,070,000 vs 4,721,000
    NOTE: Net excludes gains from sale of investments of
887,000 dlrs vs 304,000 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3740>
Shr loss 38 cts vs profit eight cts
    Net loss 10.4 mln vs profit 2,144,317
    Revs 72.9 mln vs 67.4 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr loss 21 cts vs profit 38 cts
    Net loss 5,747,393 vs profit 10.1 mln
    Revs 224.6 mln vs 200.6 mln
    NOTE: Current year net both periods includes 20.0 mln dlr
pretax charge for disposition of 21 underperforming
company-owned restaurants.
    Current year net includes tax credits of 3,205,000 dlrs in
quarter and 7,305,000 dlrs in year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3742>
Chi-Chi's Inc said it has taken
a 20 mln dlr pretax charge against earnings for the third
quarter ended January 31 to cover the cost of disposing of 21
"underperforming" company-owned restaurants.
    The company also said it has agreed to repurchase up to
three mln common shares on the open market.
    The company now has about 27.1 mln shares outstanding.
    Chi-Chi's today reported a loss for the third quarter ended
January 31, after the pretax charge and a 7,305,000 dlr tax
credit, of 10.4 mln dlrs, compared with a year-earlier profit
of 2,144,317 dlrs.
    Chi-Chi's said it believes the disposition of the
restaurants has the potential of increasing its pretax earnings
by about two mln dlrs next fiscal year.
    The company said it will use existing cash resources for
the share repurchases.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3743>
Shares of Du Pont Co rose today after
accumulating recommendations from Shearson Lehman Brothers and
First Boston, traders said.
    Du Pont, which opened with a two point gain, stood at
109-1/8, up 1-1/8.
    First Boston's analyst was not available for comment.
    Analyst Theodore Semegran of Shearson said he raised his
earnings estimates for the company to 7.25 dlrs a share in 1987
and eight dlrs a share in 1988. The company earned 6.35 dlrs a
share in 1986.
    "Good domestic demand, higher operating earnings and a
strng export business, probably benefitting from a lower dollar
and effects of reduced imports in chemicals will continue to
aid Du Pont." He also noted that energy earnings in the first
quarter are better than expected because of the rise in crude
prices. Semegran expects first quarter earnings
of about 1.85 dlrs a share from 1.67 dlrs last year.
    He also expects the company to raise its annual dividend
about 20 to 30 cts a share, from its current dividend of 3.20
dlrs a share, "and a stock split is possible but it has a low
probablility."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3750>
LORD ABBETT VALUE APPRECIATION FUND
    Annual div 33 cts vs 23 cts prior
    Long term capital gain 2.06 vs 75 cts prior
    Short term capital gain 18 cts vs 11 cts prior
    Pay April 6
    Record March 12
    
    LORD ABBETT U.S. GOVERNMENT SECURITIES FUND
    Daily div .029 cts vs .029 cts prior
    Pay April 15
    Record April 15
    LORD ABBETT TAX FREE INCOME NATIONAL SERIES
    Daily .068 cts vs .068 prior
    Pay April 15
    Record April 15
    
    LORD ABBETT TAX FREE INCOME FUND NY SERIES
    Daily .067 cts vs .067 cts prior
    Pay April 15
    Record April 15
    
    LORD ABBETT TAX FREE INCOME FUND TEXAS SERIES
    Daily .059 cts vs .059 cts prior
    Pay April 15
    Record April 15
    LORD ABBETT CALIFORNIA TAX FREE INCOME FUND
    Daily .062 vs .063 cts prior
    Pay April 15
    Record April 15
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3751>
Qtr ended Jan 31
    Net 55.3 mln dlrs vs 51.7 mln dlrs
    Revs 419.1 mln vs 391.7 mln
    Note: Revs include investment and other income of 18.4 mln
dlrs vs 18.5 mln dlrs.
    Company is wholly owned by Gulf and Western Corp &lt;GW>.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3755>
Period ended January 31.
    Shr loss six cts vs profit one ct
    Net loss 536,000 vs profit 166,000
    Revs 2,099,000 vs 3,149,000
    Avg shrs 10,429,000 vs 9,943,000
    Nine Mths
    Shre loss nine cts vs loss five cts
    Net loss 790,000 vs loss 377,000
    Revs 7,089,000 vs 7,646,000
    Avg shrs 10,406,000 vs 9,351,000
    Note: Full name Newport Pharmaceuticals International Inc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3757>
Qtly div 11-3/4 cts vs 11-3/4 cts prior
    Pay March 27
    Record March 13
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3760>
Consolidated group net profit 1.88 billion francs vs 1.29
billion.
    Net financial and operating profit 1.11 billion vs 825.1
mln.
    Extraordinary earnings 774.7 mln vs 462.8 mln.
    Net dividend 165 francs vs 150.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3763>
Qtly div 45 cts vs 45 cts previously
    Pay May 1
    Record March 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3764>
Qtly div 14 cts vs 14 cts prior
    Pay April 10
    Record March 27
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3765>
Qtly div 20 cts vs 20 cts prior
    Pay June 16
    Record May 22
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3768>
Oper shr loss 11 cts vs loss 14 cts
    Oper net loss 1,963,000 vs loss 2,199,000
    Revs 17.5 mln vs 40.9 mln
    Year
    Oper shr profit nine cts vs profit two cts
    Oper net profit 1,555,000 vs 456,000
    Revs 86.3 mln vs 143.7 mln
    NOTE: Net excludes extraordinary tax charges of 115,000
dlrs vs 995,000 dlrs in quarter and credits 8,096,000 dlrs vs
1,173,000 dlrs in year.
    1985 year net includes pretax gain 7,400,000 dlrs from
termination of pension plan.
    1985 net includes pretax charge 1,200,000 dlrs in quarter
and gain 1,400,000 dlrs in year from restructuring and
consolidation.
    1985 quarter net includes 1,480,000 dlr tax credit.
    1986 year net includes pretax gain 17.2 mln dlrs from sale
of foreign subsidiary.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3771>
Shr loss seven cts vs profit 17 cts
    Net loss 102,000 vs profit 258,000
    Revs 1,695,000 vs 1,371,000
    Year
    Shr loss 33 cts vs profit 26 cts
    Net loss 488,000 vs profit 384,000
    Revs 6,700,000 vs 4,774,000
    NOTE: 1986 results include operations of radio stations
WJYE-FM for the full year and WNNR-AM for the last six months.
    Speed-O-Print Business Machines Corp is full name of
company.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3772>
Asbestec Industries Inc said
its board declared a three-for-two stock split, payable April
17, record April Three.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3774>
Qtly div 20 cts vs 20 cts previously
    Pay April 15
    Record March 23
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3777>
PPG Industries Inc will continue to
show earnings growth in 1987 despite a difficult economic
climate, the company said in its annual report, mailed to
shareholders today.
    For 1986, the company's earnings rose five pct, to 316 mln
dlrs, on revenues that increased eight pct, to 4.7 billion
dlrs. Earnings per share were 2.66 dlrs, compared with 2.27
dlrs.
    The company added that in 1986 its return on equity reached
17.3 pct, up from 15.5 pct in 1985 and close to its goal of 18
pct.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3782>
Shr 24 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 704,803 vs 385,081
    Revs 5,669,682 vs 4,142,095
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3784>
Shr 42 cts vs 35 cts
    Net 570,000 vs 476,000
    Sales 122.4 mln vs 123.1 mln
    NOTEL Prior year net includes pretax charge 453,000 dlrs
for reopening of eight stores.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3785>
Qtr ends Jan 31
    Shr four cts vs 12 cts
    Net 102,508 vs 264,910
    Revs 2,278,083 vs 2,536,312
    Nine mths
    Shr 18 cts vs 15 cts
    Net 489,253 vs 404,877
    Revs 6,679,745 vs 6,613,551
    NOTE: Excludes discontinued operations gain of 40,519 dlrs
in the third quarter fiscal 1986, and loss of 9,666 dlrs in the
nine months fiscal 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3786>
Shr one ct vs 24 cts
    Net 43,000 vs 1,032,000
    Revs 10 mln vs 4.9 mln
    Avg shrs 3.7 mln vs 4.3 mln
    12 mths
    Shr 1.02 dlrs vs 1.62 dlrs
    Net 3,950,000 vs 7,308,000
    Revs 30.8 mln vs 33.3 mln
    Avg shrs 3.9 mln vs 4.5 mln
    NOTE: 1985 restated to reflect tax loss carryforwards.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3787>
Qtly div 37-1/2 cts vs 37-1/2 cts prior
    Pay May 15
    Record April 15
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3788>
Qtly div six cts vs six cts prior
    Pay March 31
    Record March 20
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3801>
Shr profit primary 91 cts vs loss 86 cts
    Shr profit diluted 90 cts vs loss 86 cts
    Net profit 787,000 vs loss 751,000
    Sales 20 mln vs 12.5 mln
    Year
    Shr profit profit 2.63 dlrs vs profit five cts
    Shr profit diluted 2.59 dlrs vs profit five cts
    Net profit 2,273,000 vs profit 43,000
    Sales 70.1 mln vs 47.1 mln
    Note: Prior qtr and year figures include gains on disposal
of discontinued operations of 76,000 dlrs and 79,000 dlrs,
respectively.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3806>
Oper shr loss nine cts vs loss four cts
    Oper net loss 108,000 vs loss 55,000
    Sales 3,029,000 vs 2,694,000
    Year
    Oper shr profit 42 cts vs profit 15 cts
    Oper net profit 511,000 vs profit 177,000
    Sales 13.3 mln vs 11.2 mln
    Avg shrs 1,233,136 vs 1,217,981
    Note: Current qtr and year figures exclude operating loss
carryforward gain of 26,000 dlrs vs gain of 88,000 dlrs in
prior year periods.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3807>
Qtly div 44 cts vs 44 cts prior
    Pay June One
    Record May Eight
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3808>
Qtly div 68 cts vs 68 cts prior
    Pay June One
    Record May Eight
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3817>
Shr profit nine cts vs loss 45 cts
    Net profit 2,500,000 vs loss 9,900,000
    Revs 16,800,000 vs 3,300,000
    Note: 1986 net includes 2.6 mln dlr or nine ct a shr
writedown of nine pct stake in &lt;Trans-Canada Resources Ltd>.
    1985 results reflect only six mths of mining operations due
to merger of Erickson Gold Mines Ltd and Total Eastcan
Exploration Ltd on June 30, 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3831>
Bowne and Co Inc said its board
declared a two-for-one stock split, payable May 10 to holders
of record April 17.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3840>
Oper shr 23 cts vs 77 cts
    Oper net 5,255,179 vs 17.6 mln
    Revs 37.8 mln vs 73.7 mln
    NOTE: Cash flow 19.5 mln dlrs or 86 cts shr vs 36.7 mln
dlrs or 1.62 dlrs shr.
    1985 net excludes 32 ct shr loss from discontinued
operations.
    Gross proven and probable reserves of crude oil and natural
gas liquiids 18.4 mln barrels, off 7.6 pct from a year before.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3841>
Farah Inc said it omitted its
quarterly common stock dividend for the second consecutive
quarter.
    The company, which last paid a quarterly common dividend of
22 cts a share in December, said it will consider future
dividend payments on the basis of improved profitability and
cash flow.
    Farah said it expects to turn a profit for the balance of
1987. For its first quarter ended January 31, Farah lost
1,891,000 dlrs, or 32 cts a share, on sales of 71 mln dlrs.
    In addition, Farah said it received shareholder approval to
change its name to Farah Inc from Farah Manufacturing Co.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3846>
Numac Oil and Gas Ltd said it expects
significant improvement in operating performance during 1987.
    The company today reported 1986 earnings from continuing
operations of 5,255,179 dlrs, down from 17.6 mln dlrs a yuear
earlier, due to lower prices for crude oil and pipeline
capacity constraints.
    Numac said changes introduced by federal and provincial
governments during 1986 should help results.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3853>
Shr loss seven cts vs loss 3.83 dlrs
    Net profit 1,700,000 vs loss 13,900,000
    Revs 18.7 mln vs 25.6 mln
    Note: Current shr after preferred dividends of 2.0 mln dlrs
    Prior shr and net includes 34.5 mln dlr writedown on oil
properties
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3857>
Sumitomo Bank of California said
it declared a 7-1/2 pct stock dividend in addition to its
regular quarterly cash dividend of 29 cts per share.
    Both dividends are payable April 27 to shareholders of
record March 31, the company said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3858>
Qtly div 18 cts vs 17 cts prior
    Pay April 15
    Record April One
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3860>
Shr 53 cts vs 46 cts
    Qtly div 28 cts vs 25 cts prior
    Net 74.7 mln vs 63.2 mln
    Revs 1.08 billion vs 1.01 billion
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.78 dlrs vs 1.60 dlrs
    Net 244.4 mln vs 219.7 mln
    Revs 3.33 billion vs 3.15 billion
    Note: Dividend payable April 10 to shareholders of record
March 23.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3865>
Software AG Systems Inc said it
expects to report earnings for its third quarter "substantially
weaker" than earnings of prior periods due to an unexpected
shortfall in U.S. domestic license revenues.
    For the second quarter ended November 30, Software AG
earned 2,089,000 dlrs, down from 5,014,000 dlrs a year before.
In last year's third quarter, Software AG earned 1,598,000
dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3867>
Net 3,563,000 vs 2,821,000
    Sales 318.6 mln vs 305.4 mln
    Year
    Net 28,950,000 vs 20,167,000
    Sales 1.22 billion vs 1.17 billion
    Note: Company is a subsidiary of Bayer AG of West Germany.
1986 figures exclude Miles' Bayvet animal health business, sold
Jan. 1, 1986, to Mobay Corp, another Bayer AG affiliate.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3870>
Shr profit 20 cts vs profit five cts
    Net profit 2,273,000 vs profit 563,000
    Rev 38.7 mln vs 30.3 mln
    Avg shares 11,138,503 vs 10,982,699
    Nine months
    Shr profit 40 cts vs loss 10 cts
    Net profit 4,448,000 vs loss 1,123,000
    Rev 108.4 mln vs 75.2 mln
    NOTE: Third qtr net includes gain from discontinued
operations of 3.5 mln dlrs, or 31 cts a share, vs 271,000, or
two cts a share, in fiscal 1985's third qtr. Nine months net
includes gain from discontinued operations of 3.8 mln dlrs, or
34 cts a share, vs 731,000 dlrs, or seven cts a share, in the
first nine months of fiscal 1985.


</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3872>
Shr loss three cts vs profit 14 cts
    Net loss 79,778 vs profit 458,176
    Revs 1,063,623 vs 1,165,186
    Note: 1986 year includes 400,000 dlr writedown on Utah oil
and gas properties
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3874>
Shr loss 21 cts vs loss 29 cts
    Net loss 1,246,000 vs loss 1,420,000
    Revs 2,120,000 vs 1,186,000
    Avg shrs 5,853,587 vs 4,880,427
    Year
    Shr loss 85 cts vs loss 1.21 dlrs
    Net loss 4,968,000 vs loss 5,274,000
    Revs 6,536,000 vs 5,056,000
    Avg shrs 5,854,543 vs 4,367,864
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3875>
Dividend 34 cts vs 34 cts previously
    Pay April 15
    Record March 23

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3884>
Intelligent Systems Master
Limited Partnership said it will make a cash distribution of 25
cts a unit in early April to unitholders of record as of March
31.
    The company said continued strength in its results prompted
the move.
    Intelligent Systems added that if current plans to sell
some of its assets, as previously announced, are successful, it
may make further distributions estimated at 15 cts to 25 cts a
unit.
    Earlier, the company reported fiscal third quarter ended
December 31 net income of 2.3 mln dlrs, or 20 cts a share, up
from fiscal 1985 third quarter results of 563,000 dlrs, or five
cts a share.
    In addition, it reported fiscal 1986 nine months' net
income of 4.4 mln dlrs, or 40 cts a share, versus a loss of 1.1
mln dlrs, or 10 cts a share, in fiscal 1985's first three
quarters.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3886>
Kurzweil Music Systems Inc said
it has taken steps this year to reduce costs, including a 10 to
15 pct reduction in its work force.
    A spokesman said the company now has about 70 employees.
    It said other reductions include the use of professional
services, administrative costs, manufacturing overhead and
non-essential development services, adding these cuts are
expected to have a significant impact beginning in the second
quarter.
    Earlier today Kurzweil reported a 1986 loss of 85 cts a
share compared to a 1985 loss of 1.21 dlrs a share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3890>
H.J. Heinz Co said net income for
the third quarter rose 18.2 pct despite an 17.2 pct increase in
marketing expenses.
    Meanwhile, the company said it raised its quarterly
dividend to 28 cts a share from 25 cts a share in part on the
expectation that its tax rate under the new tax law will result
in greater cash flow.
    For the third quarter ended January 31, Heinz earned 74.7
mln dlrs, or 55 cts a share, up from earnings of 63.2 mln dlrs,
or 46 cts a share, for the year-ago quarter.
    For the nine months, the company posted a profit of 244.4
mln dlrs, or 1.78 dlrs a share, compared with a profit of 219.7
mln dlrs, or 1.60 dlrs a share, for the year-ago period.
    "Based on the company's performance for the first nine
months, we expect to achieve our 23rd consecutive year of new
growth records," Anthony J.F. O'Reilly, Heinz's newly elected
chairman.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3893>
ICH Corp's stock
continued under pressure because of lower earnings
expectations, Wall Street analysts said.
    The stock was down one today at 17-1/4, and down about four
since Thursday, when ICH announced it would be reporting
lower-than-expected fourth quarter net income.
    The company said it would report full year 1986 net income
of 2.00 dlrs per share compared to 2.32 dlrs per share in 1985.
Analysts said they had estimated 1987 net at 3.00-4.00 dlrs and
were now looking for at 2.50 dlr to 2.80 dlr range.
    ICH officials were unavailable for comment.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3894>
Shr profit 26 cts vs profit 19 cts
    Net profit 1,458,000 dlrs vs profit 1,070,000 dlrs
    Rev 30.9 mln dlrs vs 27.5 mln dlrs
    12 mths
    Shr profit 60 cts vs loss 19 cts
    Net profit 3,367,000 dlrs vs loss 1,061,000 dlrs
    Revs 111.5 mln dlrs vs 94.3 mln dlrs
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3895>
Shr 47 cts vs 31 cts
    Net 4,757,000 vs 2,466,000
    Revs 32.8 mln vs 33.5 mln
    Avg shrs 12,638,000 vs 8,941,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3899>
Invacare Corp chairman, president
and chief executive officer A. Malachi Mixon III said he
expects the home healthcare equipment company to post sales
increases in the 10 to 15 pct range in 1987.
    Mixon said the increases should come from internal growth
as well as potential acquisitions.
    "Invacare is aggressively seeking acquisitions to
complement the company's existing product lines," Mixon said.
    Earlier, the company reported fourth quarter 1986 net of
1.5 mln dlrs, or 26 cts a share, up from 1.1 mln dlrs, or 19
cts a share, in 1985's fourth quarter.
    Invacare also reported 1986 net income of 3.4 mln dlrs, or
60 cts a share, up from a loss of 1.1 mln dlrs, or 19 cts a
share, in 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3900>
Oper shr loss 26 cts vs profit five cts
    Oper net loss 1,506,000 vs profit 312,000
    Revs 42 mln vs 27.9 mln
    Year
    Oper shr loss 43 cts vs profit 16 cts
    Oper net loss 2,535,000 vs profit 1,236,000
    Revs 129.9 mln vs 120.3 mln
    NOTE: Excludes discontinued operations loss 1.42 dlrs a
share versus loss nine cts in the quarter, and loss 1.62 dlrs a
share versus loss 12 cts in the year.
    Also excludes extraordinary loss of six cts a share in the
fourth quarter 1985, and gain of 1.81 dlrs a share in full year
1985.
    Also excludes 1986 full year gain of 80 cts per share from
accounting change.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3903>
Shr 26 cts vs 36 cts
    Shr diluted 25 cts vs 36 cts
    Net 1,389,000 vs 1,412,000
    Revs 56.9 mln vs 35.1 mln
    Avg shrs 5,412,000 vs 3,962,000
    Year
    Shr 90 cts vs 75 cts
    Shr diluted 86 cts vs 75 cts
    Net 4,692,000 vs 2,961,000
    Revs 201.4 mln vs 140.0 mln
    Avg shrs 5,234,000 vs 3,954,000
    NOTE: Results for 14 and 53 week periods ended January 3,
1987, vs 13 and 52 week periods ended December 28, 1985
    1985 net in both periods includes gain of 99,000 dlrs from
tax loss carryforward
    Spokeswoman said average shares outstanding on a diluted
basis were not available
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3905>
Qtly div 72 cts vs 72 cts prior
    Pay April 15
    Record March 23
    NOTE: Company's full name is Southern New England
Telecommunications Corp.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3908>
Shr 71 cts vs 15 cts
    Net 4,234,000 dlrs vs 803,000 dlrs
    Revs 15.4 mln dlrs vs 10.3 mln dlrs
    12 mths
    Shr 1.26 dlrs vs 67 cts
    Net 7,299,000 dlrs vs 3,607,000 dlrs
    Revs 52.5 mln dlrs vs 40.7 mln dlrs
    NOTE: Empire's investment in the Deltona Corp is reported
on the equity method beginning the fourth qtr of 1986. Amounts
for 1985 and the first three qtrs of 1986 have been restated to
reflect the retroactive application.
    During 1986, the 17-1/2 pct debentures and 9-7/8 dlrs
preferred stock were redeemed or converted resulting in
6,028,755 common shares outstanding at December 31, 1986 as
compared to 2,408,766 common shares outstanding at December 31,
1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3909>
Oper shr loss six cts vs profit seven cts
    Oper net loss 481,517 vs profit 487,432
    Revs 7,492,686 vs 5,575,043
    Avg shrs 8.5 mln vs 7.2 mln
    Year
    Oper shr loss six cts vs profit 34 cts
    Oper net loss 465,043 vs profit 2,283,811
    Revs 29.5 mln vs 19.8 mln
    Avg shrs 7.8 mln vs 6.7 mln
    NOTE: Excludes extraordinary credit of four cts a share in
fourth quarter 1986, and 15 cts in year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3917>
Qtly div 25 cts vs 25 cts
    Pay April 20
    Record March 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3922>
Shr nine cts vs 17 cts
    Net 275,000 vs 490,000
    Rev 2.4 mln vs four mln
    Six months
    Shr 29 cts vs 31 cts
    Net 885,000 vs 884,000
    Rev 6.1 mln vs 7.1 mln
    NOTE: Company's full name is Herley Microwave Systems Inc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3937>
Lamson and Sessions Co said it has
decided to discontinue operations of Youngstown Steel Door, a
maker of components and equipment for railroad freight cars.
    The company said the unit is to be sold sometime this year,
so was included as discontinued operations in its 1986 results
announced earlier today.
    The company reported a loss from continuing operations of
2.5 mln dlrs for the year, against a 1985 profit of 1.2 mln
dlrs. For discontinued operations, it reported a loss of 9.5
mln dlrs compared to a year earlier loss of 922,000 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3944>
Qtly div 15 cts vs 15 cts previously
    Pay June 19
    Record June One
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3946>
Oper shr loss 97 cts vs loss 73 cts
    Oper net loss 883,000 vs loss 659,000
    Revs 19.4 mln vs 16.7 mln
    12 mths
    Oper shr loss 2.37 dlrs vs loss 1.97 dlrs
    Oper net loss 2,228,000 vs loss 2,145,000
    Revs 72.4 mln vs 63.8 mln
    NOTE: Excludes gain 3.41 dlrs a share versus gain 41 cts in
the quarter, and gain 5.68 dlrs a share versus gain 1.99 dlrs
in the year from discontinued and disposed operations.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3951>
Aero Services International Inc
said it expects to achieve improvements in overall operations
in the year ending September 30, 1987.
    Earlier, Aero reported a 1986 year end net loss of 3.0 mln
dlrs compared to a profit of 483,000 dlrs in 1985.
    The company said the loss was attributable to costs
associated with its acquisition costs and operating losses of
nine Beckett Aviation fixed base operations purchased in August
1985 and discontinued weather service and flight simulator
segments.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3952>
Shr loss 63 cts vs profit 10 cts
    Net loss 3.0 mln vs profit 483,000
    Revs 61.9 mln vs 43.7 mln
    NOTE:1986 net loss includes loss of 1.4 mln dlrs or 28 cts
a share from discontinued operations. 1986 revenues include
revenues for the last eight months of Beckett Aviation,
acquired in September of 1985. Year ended September 30, 1986.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3954>
Shr 1.36 dlrs vs one dlr
    Net 1,010,249 vs 750,856
    Revs 15.2 mln vs 11.9 mln
    12 mths
    Shr 3.24 dlrs vs 2.18 dlrs
    Net 2,407,186 vs 1,627,250
    Revs 57 mln vs 53.1 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3958>
Shr loss 1.32 dlrs vs profit two cts
    Net loss 5,666,000 vs profit 84,000
    Revs 12.0 mln vs 21.7 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr loss 1.87 dlrs vs loss 71 cts
    Net loss 8,030,000 vs loss 3,062,000
    Revs 40.9 mln vs 53.0 mln
    Note: includes losses from discontinued operations of
190,000 dlrs vs loss 185,000 dlrs in 3rd qtr and 731,000 dlrs
loss vs 815,000 dlrs loss in nine mths.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3968>
Shr 3.13 dlrs vs 2.02 dlrs
    Net 39.1 mln vs 26.9 mln
    Revs 203.2 mln vs 173.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3971>
Shr 32 cts vs four cts
    Net 3,370,000 vs 353,000
    Revs 27.8 mln vs 20.2 mln
    Year
    Shr 35 cts vs 67 cts
    Net 3,543,000 vs 3,845,000
    Revs 103.6 mln vs 74.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3977>
Shr loss 43 cts vs profit eight cts
    Net loss 3.1 mln vs profit 502,896
    Revs 5.6 mln vs 4.2 mln
    NOTE:1986 net includes negative effect of accounting change
of 354,650 or five cts a share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3989>
Shr 13 cts vs 40 cts
    Net 2,509,000 vs 7,582,000
    Revs 186.2 mln vs 182.1 mln
    Year
    Shr 23 cts vs 95 cts
    Net 4,318,000 vs 17.8 mln
    Revs 564.8 mln vs 584.4 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3994>
Oper shr 1.05 dlr vs 51 cts
    Oper net 14.1 mln vs 5,669,000
    Revs 163.2 mln vs 133.2 mln
    Avg shrs 13.5 mln vs 11.5 mln
    Year
    Oper shr 65 cts vs 26 cts
    Oper net 8,664,000 vs 1,906,000
    Revs 287.8 mln vs 251 mln
    Avg shrs 13.4 mln vs 8,403,562
    NOTE: Prior year 4th qtr and year oper net excludes 13.1
mln dlrs and 17.4 mln dlrs, respectively, for income from
discontinued operations.
    Prior year 4th qtr and year oper net also excludes 19.2 mln
dlrs and 20.3 mln dlrs, respectively, for operating loss
carryforwards and other reogranization items.
    Prior year 4th qtr and year ended January 25, 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3996>
Shr 33 cts vs 24 cts
    Net 6.2 mln vs 4.9 mln
    Loans not given
    Deposits not given
    Assets 3.8 billion vs not given
    Note: full name Montreal City and District Savings Bank
    Period ended January 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4000>
Shr loss nine cts vs profit 22 cts
    Net loss 278,949 vs profit 346,368
    Revs 11.9 mln vs 10.4 mln
    Year
    Shr profit 49 cts vs profit 49 cts
    Net profit 1.2 mln vs profit 949,626
    Revs 61.7 mln vs 52.7 mln
    NOTE:1985 net includes loss of three cts or 49.1 mln dlrs
in 4th qtr and loss of 13 cts or 258,720 dlrs in year from
discontinued operations.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4012>
Oper shr loss two cts vs profit three cts
    Oper net profit 273,000 dlrs vs profit 1,710,000
    YEAR - period ended October 31, 1986
    Oper shr loss 23 cts vs profit 14 cts
    Oper net loss 4,397,000 vs profit 7,527,000
    Assets 2.67 billion vs 3.25 billion
    Note: 1987 1st qtr net excludes extraordinary loss of 2.2
mln dlrs or six cts shr.
    1986 yr net excludes extraordinary loss of 66 mln dlrs or
1.94 dlrs shr involving 22.1 mln dlrs of costs from sale of
bank assets to Hongkong Bank of Canada, eight mln dlrs for
contingent liabilities in respect of litigation and potential
tax reassessment by U.S. govt and 35.9 mln dlrs of deferred tax
debits.
    Most bank assets sold to HongKong Bank of Canada, a unit of
&lt;Hong Kong and Shanghai Banking Corp> in Nov, 1986.
    Shr after preferred divs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4014>
Shr 25 cts vs 36 cts
    Net 1.4 mln vs 1.4 mln
    Revs 56.9 mln vs 35.1 mln
    Year
    Shr 86 cts vs 75 cts
    Net 4.7 mln vs 3.0 mln
    REvs 201.4 mln vs 140.0 mln
    NOTE:1985 4th qtr includes 99,000 loss from carryforward.
Shares restated to give effect to 1.4 to one stock split in the
form a 40 pct class A dividend in August 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4015>
Shr loss 1.02 dlrs vs 1.01 dlr
    Net loss 18.1 mln vs 11.4 mln
    Revs 96.0 mln vs 90.3 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 2.65 dlrs vs loss 3.06 dlrs
    Net loss 39.3 mln vs 34.6 mln
    Revs 386.0 mln vs 373.0 mln
    NOTE:1986 4th qtr, year loss includes 14.4 mln dlrs, 4.6
mln dlrs respectively from discontinued. 1985 4th qtr and year
include loss of 13.1 mln, 1.9 mln dlr respectively.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4019>
Bank of British
Columbia said it revised its estimate of shareholder
distributions from last November's sale of most of the bank's
assets to HongKong Bank of Canada to between 65 cts and 1.15
dlrs a share from 55 cts to 1.20 dlrs a share.
    The bank said the estimate could rise to between 1.30 dlrs
and 1.80 dlrs a share if the full pension surplus is obtained.
It said it did not know when distributions would be made.
    It earlier reported that operating profit for first quarter
ended January 31 fell to 273,000 dlrs from 1.7 mln dlrs the
previous year.
    For full-year 1986 ended October 31, the bank posted an
operating loss of 4.4 mln dlrs against year-earlier profit of
7.5 mln dlrs. The bank also posted a 66 mln dlr extraordinary
loss in fiscal 1986.
    Bank of British Columbia sold most of its assets last
November to HongKong Bank Canada, a unit of &lt;HongKong and
Shanghai Banking Corp>, of Hong Kong, for 63.5 mln dlrs.
    It said efforts to wind up the bank's affairs were
proceeding as quickly as possible.
    The bank said it expected to report positive earnings in
future periods, barring unforeseen circumstances.
    Loan losses, which the bank previously said figured in its
move to sell off most of its assets, rose to 105.7 mln dlrs in
fiscal 1986 from year-earlier 36.1 mln dlrs. The bank said 31.1
mln dlrs of the 1986 total represented downward adjustments to
its portfolio of syndicated sovereign risk loans as required
under the sale to HongKong Bank.
    Since November 27, the bank has confined activities to the
winding up of affairs, Bank of British Columbia said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4021>
Shr 17 cts vs 16 cts
    Net 1,019,000 vs 985,000
    Revs 7,997,000 vs 7,492,000
    YEAR
    Shr 1.18 dlrs vs 64 cts
    Net 6,959,000 vs 3,778,000
    Revs 36.5 mln vs 29.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4023>
&lt;Kiena Gold Mines Ltd> said it planned
a two-for-one common stock split, pending shareholder approval
on April 7.
    It said approval would require 66-2/3 pct of votes cast.
Kiena said 57 pct-owner Campbell Red Lake Mines Ltd &lt;CRK> was
expected to vote in favor of the split.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4025>
Qtly div four cts vs four cts prior
    Pay April 15
    Record March 20
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4029>
Shr profit 17 cts vs profit 14 cts
    Net profit 1.3 mln vs profit 901,000
    Revs 36.9 mln vs 36.2 mln
    Six months
    Shr profit 18 cts vs loss 11 cts
    Net profit 1.4 mln vs loss 716,000
    Revs 63.6 mln vs 57.7 mln
    NOTE:1986 six months includes increase in provision for
doubtful accounts to 1.5 mln dlrs. 1986 shares give effect to
issuance of 1.5 mln shares in exchange for outstanding Series 1
preferred shares.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4065>
Group loss after financial income and expenses 1.08
    Billion vs loss 71 mln crowns
    Sales - 12.38 billion crowns vs 6.16 billion.
    No proposed dividend vs 10 crowns.
    Note - The company this year consolidated wholesale and
investment conglomerate Ahlsell AB.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4067>
Saudi Arabia's 11 commercial banks are
reporting a further decline in profits for 1986 as increasing
provisions have to be set aside to cover the burden of non-
performing loans.
    Bankers in the Saudi capital said the need to build
reserves for bad and doubtful debts may start to decline a
little this year.
    But the kingdom's still sluggish economy and legal problems
hampering traditional lending operations mean earnings will
remain vulnerable.
    One senior bank credit officer said "The work is largely
done in terms of identifying bad loans and making provisions,
but banks are still going to face difficulties earning money."
    The sudden decline of Saudi Arabia's corporate sector in
1983 - culminating in a number of debt reschedulings - has
taken a heavy toll of bank profits, with first results now
appearing for 1986 showing a fourth successive year of broad
decline.
    The cumulative net 1985 earnings of the kingdom's banks had
sunk to 827.9 mln riyals from 2.66 billion in 1982 before world
oil prices tumbled.
    Of the kingdom's nine joint-venture banks which operate on
the Gregorian calendar year, four have already reported and
revealed a further profits decline - or net loss - for 1986 at
the expense of increased provisions.
    The newest and smallest of the joint ventures, &lt;United Saudi
Commercial Bank> (USCB) reported a 1986 net loss of 15.9 mln
riyals, marginally less than 1985's shortfall of 17.0 mln.
    Profits before provisions were sharply higher, in part
reflecting an 18 pct staff cut last year. But the bank nearly
trebled the amount set aside against bad and doubtful loans to
60 mln riyals from 22 mln in 1985.
    Other results released so far show &lt;Saudi American Bank>
(SAMBA) reporting a 53.8 pct fall in 1986 net profit to 80.7
mln riyals, while &lt;Al Bank Al Saudi Al Fransi>, known as Saudi
French, slid 14 pct to 94.9 mln riyals.
    Both Saudi American, owned 40 pct by Citicorp's &lt;CCI.N>
Citibank NA and Saudi French, 40 pct owned by Banque Indosuez,
increased provisions sharply.
    &lt;Arab National Bank>'s net profit fell 17.8 pct to 152.1
mln riyals and provisions were more than doubled to 86.6 mln
riyals.
    Bankers said there are first signs that the number of non-
performing loans has stopped growing as the decline in the
Saudi economy bottoms out.
    Few are willing to predict a sharp upturn in economic
activity, but one banker said "The top 50 pct of the Saudi banks
are now at or close to international levels on provisions."
    From 1982 to 1985, the kingdom's largest bank &lt;National
Commercial Bank> (NCB) stashed away 1.7 billion riyals in
provisions or 8.9 pct of its total loans and advances to the
private sector, bankers calculated.
    Between 1982 and 1985, &lt;Riyad Bank>, NCB's rival as the
second biggest of the two all-Saudi shareholding banks, had
covered 12.8 pct of its loans and advances. Both banks operate
on an Islamic year that does not coincide with the other nine.
    Although the Saudi Arabian Monetary Agency (SAMA) has been
tightening supervision, there is still no standardised rule for
declaring loans as non-performing.
    Bankers say this makes comparison of profit figures
difficult because some banks still book non-accruing interest
as revenue while others follow more conservative practices in
force in major world financial centres.
    Bankers generally said NCB, Riyad Bank and the
joint-ventures SAMBA, Saudi French and Arab National Bank rank
as the strongest earners.
    Other banks such as &lt;Saudi British Bank>, 40 pct owned by
the &lt;British Bank of the Middle East>, are disadvantaged by a
relatively low deposit base.
    Saudi British slashed 1985 profit 91 pct to just 9.1 mln
riyals and 1986 accounts due soon are expected to show another
low figure. But the bank has traditionally been one of the most
conservative in making provisions.
    Bankers said SAMA has proved it is not prepared to see a
Saudi bank go under and not only supported &lt;Saudi Cairo Bank>
after its troubled 1985 accounts came to light but also made
available cheap deposits to &lt;Saudi Investment Bank> and USCB.
    The banks can on-lend these to generate profit, but
generally banks are awash with liquidity since they are
unwilling to risk incurring fresh non-performing loans.
    And while banks in more liberal financial markets can
attempt to diversify away from traditional lending,
conservatism in Saudi banking has made it difficult to generate
fee income from new investment banking products.
    One banker said "Operating earnings in the Kingdom are not
good."
    Reflecting the caution in new lending, the amount of
advances is showing a declining trend, while the days when
banks had ample funds in interest-free current accounts to
invest are disappearing as Saudi customers seek a better return
on their money.
    In 1979, the ratio of interest-bearing accounts to current
accounts was 27 to 73 pct. Today, only about 40 pct of customer
funds are held on current account.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4074>
Japanese corporate earnings will rise 8.9
pct in fiscal 1987/88 for the first year-on-year increase in
three years, partly because of the yen's stable exchange rate,
the Nomura research institute said.
    Sales of all industries are predicted to rise 1.9 pct in
the year, which starts April 1, the research arm of Nomura
Securities Co said in a statement.
    Recurrent profits were estimated to fall 20 pct in the
current fiscal year with sales forecast to drop 14 pct.
    The forecast assumes an average rate of 148.5 yen to the
dollar in 1987/88, compared with 160 yen in the current year.
    Corporate efforts to cope with the yen's appreciation, such
as cutting production costs, are expected to bear fruit next
fiscal year, the institute said. The economy should also
benefit from pump-priming expected from the government and a
halt in rising prices of manufactured goods, it said.
    Recurrent profits of manufacturing industries are projected
to rise 29.6 pct next fiscal year against an estimated 40.1 pct
fall in the current year.
    Non-manufacturing sector profits will decline 4.5 pct in
1987/88 against an estimated 2.2 pct rise in the current year,
it said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4075>
Swedish mining and metals group
Boliden AB &lt;BLDS ST> forecast a return to profitability during
1987 after recording a 1.08 billion crown 1986 loss burdened by
a massive write-off.
    The company, which consolidated the Swedish wholesale and
investment conglomerate &lt;Ahlsell AB> this year, said the result
included restructuring costs and write-offs of 802 mln crowns.
    "These costs have arisen as a results of a change of
direction for the group. They are mainly one-off but they have
burdened the annual accounts," the company said in a statement.
    Boliden said the company's liquid assets were 1.36 billion
crowns at year-end which together with an investment portfolio
of 1.60 billion made it one of the most liquid Swedish
companies.
    As a result of the 1986 losses, the board proposed
cancelling dividend for the year although it predicted a return
to profitability during 1987, the statement added.
    Swedish tyres, process equipment and components firm
&lt;Trelleborg AB> has taken a majority stake in Boliden since the
beginning of this year. Trelleborg then said it had no plans
for consolidating Boliden.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4081>
Rowntree Mackintosh Plc &lt;RWNT.L>
announced it made a pretax profit of 84 mln stg in the 53 weeks
ending January 3, 1987, compared with 79.3 mln stg in the
previous year.
    Turnover was up to 1.29 billion stg from 1.2 billion. A
final dividend of 9.2p was proposed, after a final 8.2p last
year. Earnings per share rose to 35p from 34.8p.
    The results were broadly in line with market expectations,
leaving shares at 499p in early trading, up one pence from
yesterday's close, but slightly off pre-announcement opening
levels.
    Profit on ordinary activities after tax was 66.2 mln stg,
up from the previous year's 60.7 mln.
    The U.K. Remained Rowntree's largest centre for trading
profits, accounting for 47.9 mln stg, up from 45.3 mln in 1985.
Profit from its second largest geographical area, North
America, slipped to 34.7 mln stg from 37.2 mln. North American
profits were affected by the fall of the value of the dollar.
    Operations in continental Europe made 7.8 mln stg in
trading profit, up from 3.4 mln, with 4.0 mln stg made in
Australasia, up from 2.3 mln, and 11.3 mln stg from the rest of
the world, against 13.1 mln in the previous year.
    Extraordinary items amounted to a 11.3 mln debit after a
16.5 mln debit previously. A company spokesman said this
represented additional provisions for the cost of
rationalisation plans announced in earlier years.
    Rowntree expects North American operations will this year,
ahead of company expectations, be of the same order as those
from the U.K. And the rest of Europe combined, the statement
said. A spokesman said no specific figures had been forecast.
    Acquisitions will continue to be sought worldwide,
including further moves in the speciality retailing business
which Rowntree first entered in 1983, the statement said.
    Rising profit from Europe this year was forecast by
chairman Kenneth Dixon in a statement. He added the performance
of seven businesses bought last year was encouraging.
    The U.K. Confectionery side gained market share and
increased trading margins. The Sun-Pat British grocery concern
increased profit and Rowntree's small health food business,
Holgates, raised earnings 10-fold, the statement said.
    Offsetting factors included currency movements, which cost
the company nearly 5.0 mln stg. Sales tax hurt Canadian profits
on confectionery operations, and the company faced strong
competition in the U.K. Snack and Mid East export markets.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4085>
Net 190.9 mln Swiss francs vs 150.4 mln
    Turnover 5.24 billion vs 5.38 billion
    Dividend 160 per bearer vs 155 francs, 32 francs per
registered vs 31 francs, 16 francs per participation
certificate vs 15.50 francs
    Cash flow 294.3 mln vs 242.6 mln
    Note - Confirms forecast of results issued in January.
    Operating profit 337.6 mln vs 265 mln
    Depreciation 103.4 mln, up 12.2 pct
    Capital spending 84.6 mln, down 15.7 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4089>
Shr 5.1p vs 4.2p, making 15.3p vs 12.7p for nine months.
    Pre-tax profit 506 mln stg vs 452 mln, making 1.51 billion
stg vs 1.35 billion.
    Net profit before minorities 320 mln vs 268 mln, making 960
mln vs 807 mln.
    Note - Company's full name is British Telecommunications
Plc &lt;BTY.L>.
    Third quarter turnover 2.40 billion stg vs 2.11 billion,
making 7.01 billion vs 6.16 billion for nine months.
    Operating profit 578 mln vs 520 mln, making 1.72 billion vs
1.56 billion.
    Net interest payable 72 mln vs 68 mln, making 208 mln vs
203 mln.
    Tax 186 mln vs 184 mln, making 552 mln vs 547 mln.
    Minorities nil vs nil, making two mln vs nil.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4092>
Shr 35.0p vs 34.8p
    Div final div 9.2p vs 8.2p
    Pretax profit 84.0 mln stg vs 79.3 mln
    Net after tax 66.2 mln vs 60.7 mln
    Turnover 1,290.4 mln vs 1,205.2 mln
    Trading profit 105.7 mln stg vs 101.3 mln, consisting -
    U.K  47.9 mln vs 45.3
    Europe 7.8 mln vs 3.4 mln
    North America 34.7 mln vs 37.2 mln
    Australasia 4.0 mln vs 2.3 mln
    Rest of world 11.3 mln vs 13.1 mln
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4094>
Shr, net basis 27.47p vs 22.15p
    Div 6.5p vs 5.4p making 10.1p vs 8.4p
    Pretax profit 46.1 mln stg vs 35.6 mln
    Net after tax 30 mln vs 23.3 mln
    Extraordinary items debit 3.8 mln vs debit 2.3 mln
    Interest payable 2.7 mln vs 4.0 mln
    Net borrowings 7.6 mln vs 16.1 mln
    Turnover 478.9 mln vs 464.1 mln
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4097>
Glynwed International Plc &lt;GLYN.L> in a
statement accompanying their results that present indications
are that 1987 has started well and it is confident that the
year will be one of further progress.
    The company added that results in the U.S. Were poor and
the deterioration in the South African economy left its Falkirk
Industries unit with a loss of one mln stg. But it said there
was a continuing improvement in its core businesses.
    The extraordinary items debit of 3.8 mln stg arose on the
closure and disposal of various businesses.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4098>
British Telecommunications Plc &lt;BTY.L>
expects to announce satisfactory results for its 1986/87
financial year ending March, chairman Sir George Jefferson said
in a third quarter statement.
    Full year results will be published in June. In the 1985/86
financial year, pre-tax profit rose to 1.81 billion stg from
1.48 billion in the previous period.
    Jefferson said good progress was made in the latest nine
months, while most customers were able to maintain their normal
level of calls during the recent strike by company engineers.
    The statement said a positive cash flow of 381 mln stg for
the first nine months will diminish in the final quarter due to
corporation tax and dividend payments.
    Earlier, the company reported third quarter pre-tax profit
for the period ended December 31 of 506 mln stg compared with
452 mln a year earlier. Nine month pre-tax was 1.51 billion stg
against 1.35 billion.
    British Telecom shares were last quoted at 246-1/2p, level
with late yesterday, in the wake of results which were in line
with market expectations, dealers said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4100>
Shr 7.67p vs 5.34p
    Div 1.5p vs 1.08p
    Pretax profit 30.12 mln stg vs 12.40 mln
    Net interest payable 2.55 mln vs 200 stg
    Net after tax 19.58 vs 7.44 mln
    Turnover excluding VAT 257.66 mln vs 74.09 mln
    Note - The company said it intends to issue a second
interim statement for the six months to July 1987 and to pay a
related dividend in early 1988.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4105>
Consolidated attributable net 1986 profit 360 mln francs vs
279.8 mln.
    Parent company net profit 191 mln vs 150.9 mln.
    REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4106>
Consolidated attributable net profit of
Ste Lyonnaise des Eaux &lt;LYOE.PA> is likely to rise by at least
10 pct this year from the 360 mln francs reported for 1986,
Chairman Jerome Monod told a news conference.
    Group turnover should rise about seven pct from the 15.7
mln reported for this year, while group investments should
total around 1.8 billion francs, somewhat above the 1.3 billion
annual average of the past three years, he added.
    Investments will be aimed mainly at developing the group's
leisure industry, health and communications activities, Monod
said.
    In the leisure sector the group planned a joint development
with Club Mediterranee &lt;CMI.PA>, Club Med, of a 200 hectare
pleasure park at Puisaye in the Yonne department of Eastern
Central France, he said.
    Wholly-owned subsidiary Lyonnaise de Developpement
Touristique would carry out the construction work and financial
planning of the development which would be leased to Club Med
as operator of the complex, he said.
    He gave no financial details but said leisure sector
investments would total about 100 mln francs over the next
three years.
    Investments in the communications industry would go mainly
to develop the group's cable television activities and its 25
pct owned Metropole Television affiliate. Metropole recently
won the concession to operate a sixth television channel in
France.
    Financing requirement of Metropole would be about 700 mln
francs over the next four years, of which Lyonaise des Eaux
would provide about 175 mln, Monod said.
    Monod said Metropole aimed to win a 15 to 20 pct audience
share and to capture about 10 pct of the national television
advertising market.
    Total investment by the group in the communications sector,
including cable activities, would be between 300 mln and 400
mln francs over the next five years, mainly concentrated in the
coming year.
    Investment in cable operations would total between 150 mln
and 200 mln over the five years, with the aim of widening the
audience to 280,000 subscribers from 12,000, and boosting
turnover to around 450 mln francs a year from 10 mln.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4111>
Shr loss 17.4 H.K. Cents (no comparison)
    Dividend nil (no comparison)
    Net loss 11.49 mln dlrs.
    Notes - Net excluded extraordinary losses 27.91 mln dlrs.
Property valuation reserve surplus 67 mln dlrs.
    Results reflected trading in subsidiary &lt;Humphreys Estate
Group> but excluded influence of a bulk of properties which the
firm bought late last year from Hongkong Land Co Ltd &lt;HKLD.HK>
for 1.4 billion dlrs.
    Company controlled by Bond Corp Holdings Ltd of Australia.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4120>
&lt;Kidston Gold Mines Ltd> attributed
the rise in 1986 net profit to higher prices and an increase in
gold sales to 237,969 ounces from 206,467 ounces in 1985.
    The &lt;Placer Development Ltd> offshoot, which operates
Australia's largest gold mine, in North Queensland, earlier
reported net profit rose to 60.50 mln dlrs from 50.76 mln in
the 1985 period of 10 months from the start of production.
    Sales of silver also rose to 165,968 ounces from 109,516.
    Kidston said in a statement it will spend about 5.5 mln
dlrs to upgrade its mill grinding circuit to a mill-ball,
mill-crushing circuit to boost output by 25 pct from end-1987.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4123>
Shr 48.4 cents vs 40.6
    Yr div 37 cents vs 15
    Net 60.50 mln dlrs vs 50.76 mln
    Turnover 134.54 mln vs 100.63 mln
    Other income 1.02 mln vs 920,000
    Shrs 125 mln vs same.
    NOTE - Company paid total 37 cents in previously declared
quarterly divs vs 15. Net is after tax 173,000 dlrs vs 285,000,
interest 9.67 mln vs 8.05 mln and depreciation 11.76 mln vs
9.59 mln.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4132>
Jacobs Suchard AG &lt;JACZ.Z> hopes for
another excellent year in 1987 after a 27 pct increase in 1986
net profit. Results in the first few months show it heading in
the right direction, company president Klaus Jacobs said.
    The group reported 1986 net profit of 190.9 mln Swiss
francs compared with 150.4 mln in 1985 and raised its dividend
per bearer share to 160 francs from 155 francs.
    Jacobs said the increase in profit, which far exceeded the
company's target of five pct real annual growth, had been made
possible by restructuring measures introduced in January 1986
which had also made some major acquisitions possible last year.
    Hermann Pohl, general director in charge of economic
affairs, said the 2.7 pct decline in group turnover to 5.24
billion francs was due to currency factors.
    A 5.2 pct negative currency influence was partially offset
by growth in operations and by structural changes within the
group.
    Turnover in the coffee business fell to 3.10 billion francs
from 3.56 billion in 1985 while turnover in the chocolate
sector rose to 2.14 billion francs from 1.82 billion. The
tonnage sold in both sectors declined due to higher prices and
lower consumer demand, especially in France and West Germany.
    Jacobs Suchard increased its market share in West Germany
to 44.9 pct from 39.9 pct in 1985, largely as a result of
acquisitions. Market share in France was little changed at 25
pct against 25.3 pct.
    Pohl said the group's average tax rate rose to 32.5 pct
from 28.8 pct because of the higher profits and despite
write-offs on the losses of new acquisitions. A further
increase in tax levels was expected in future.
    Taxes jumped 51.3 pct to 92 mln francs in 1986 from 61 mln
the previous year.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4141>
Shr 22 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 1,063,000 vs 639,000
    Sales 7,489,000 vs 4,656,000
    Year
    Shr 55 cts vs 28 cts
    Net 2,633,000 vs 1,343,000
    Sales 23.3 mln vs 17.9 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4142>
Shr loss 44 cts vs profit 1.13 dlrs
    Net loss 1,544,000 vs profit 3,912,000
    NOTE: Cash flow 1,010,000 dlrs or 29 cts shr vs 2,835,000
dlrs or 82 cts shr.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4143>
Southwest Realty Ltd said it believes it
could make all of its scheduled montly debt service payments
for 1987 despite the falloff in its rental operations, but
making the payments would probably severely impair its
liquidity and restrict its ability to maintain the quality of
its properties.
    The company today reported a 1986 loss of 1,544,000 dlrs
compared with a 1985 profit of 3,912,000 dlrs.
    Southwest said in addition to its monthly scheduyled debt
service payments, a 1,743,000 dlr loan on one of its Houston
properties is due to mature on April One.
    Southwest said a commitment to reduce the interest rate and
extend the Houston loan for one year has been accepted.
    It said talks are underway with lenders on other Houston
properties to obtain partial debt service moratoriums which, if
granted, would cut 1987 cash deficits from 1986 levels.  The
loan renegotiations could involve bankruptcy or other
litigation connected with the specific properties involved and
could involve the suspension of interest and principal payments
to some of the lenders.  Southwest said if the attempts to
restructure debt do not succeed, it could lose one or more of
the properties.
    Southwest said the Houston properties made up about 10 pct
of its current value equity as of December 31 of 14.20 dlrs per
share, down from 16.68 dlrs a year before.
    The company said depending on the success of the talks and
operating results for 1987, one or two more properties could
become subject to similar negotiations.  The two additional
properties comprised about 11 pct of its current value equity
at year-end, Southwest said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4144>
Qtly div 12-1/2 cts vs 12-1/2 cts prior
    Pay April One
    Record March 20
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4149>
Shr 616 cts vs 481
    Final div 150 cts vs 140, making 230 vs 195
    Pre-tax 705.4 mln rand vs 485.2 mln
    Net 591.7 mln vs 458.0 mln
    Tax 79.2 mln vs 82.2 mln
    Attrib to outside shareholders 123.7 mln vs 52.3 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4155>
Shr 24 cts vs 31 cts
    Net 2,245,000 vs 2,885,000
    Revs 50.7 mln vs 46.5 mln
    Avg shrs 9,396,000 vs 9,270,000
    Year
    Oper shr 96 cts vs 99 cts
    Oper net 8,994,000 vs 9,220,000
    Revs 191.5 mln vs 174.7 mln
    Avg shrs 9,394,000 vs 9,282,000
    NOTE: 1985 year net excludes 1,360,000 dlr loss from
discontinued operations.
    Share adjusted for three-for-two stock split.    
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4157>
Shr profit eight cts vs loss 10 cts
    Net profit 622,000 vs loss 564,000
    Revs 7,508,000 vs 1,913,000
    Year
    Shr profit 15 cts vs loss 28 cts
    Net profit 933,000 vs loss 1,548,000
    Revs 19.8 mln vs 4,799,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4160>
Sand Technology Systems Inc said it is
considering a reverse stock split of at least one-for-10 and
expects to report a second-quarter profit, compared to a loss
last year.
    The stock consolidation "is something we're discussing, but
it's not definite," Sand Technology president Jerry Shattner
told Reuters in an interview.
    A private placement recently brought the number of
outstanding shares to 106 mln, up from 97.1 mln shares on July
31, 1986, the fiscal yearend.
    "The company has always had the aura of a penny stock,"
Shattner said, adding that Sand plans, at some time, to apply
for listing on the Montreal Stock Exchange.
    Shattner said the company expects to report a profit of
five pct, or about 350,000 dlrs, on sales of seven mln dlrs,
for the second quarter ended January 31. Results for the third
quarter should be about the same as the second, he added.
    Last year, Sand lost 243,064 dlrs on revenues of 7,012,195
dlrs in the second quarter.
    After "a disastrous first quarter," Sand hopes to break even
in the current fiscal year, Shattner said. The company has
scaled back its sales forecast to about 25 mln dlrs, from the
33.5 mln dlrs projected in December.
    The rapid appreciation of the Japanese yen against U.S. and
Canadian dollars last year led to Sand's loss of 2.1 mln dlrs,
or two cts per share, on sales of 24.9 mln dlrs.
    In the first fiscal quarter this year, the company lost
1,350,387 dlrs, or one ct per share, on sales of 3,570,585
dlrs.
    Shattner believes the company will post better results this
year due to several factors.
    "Last year, one of our biggest problems was we were buying
products in Japanese yen. We now buy some products from Hitachi
in U.S. dollars and the results are starting to show up in the
second quarter," he said.
    Sand Technology sells, under its trademark, computer
accessories such as disk drives, solid-state memory enhancement
devices and printers manufactured by Hitachi Ltd &lt;HIT> of
Japan.
    Shattner said Sand's affiliate in Detroit, ST Systems Inc,
is developing software that lets large maniframe computers
handle large databases and share them between applications.
    It is also distributing a new product called Sapiens, which
is artificial intelligence computer language for use by major
corporations.
    The company has also reduced costs through some staff
cutting and a switch to profit sharing plans for sales staff
instead of straight commissions, Shattner said.
    And Sand plans to market a laser printer in the fourth
fiscal quarter, Shattner said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4169>
Feb 28 end
    Shr five cts vs one ct
    Net 161,019 vs 50,745
    Revs 1,048,543 vs 478,700
    Avg shrs 3,217,500 vs 4,350,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 12 cts vs four cts
    Net 390,179 vs 169,275
    Revs 2,658,692 vs 1,478,066
    Avg shrs 3,217,500 vs 4,350,000
    NOTE: Corrects reversed figures in March 11 item.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4175>
Possis Corp said its board approved
a 100 pct stock dividend payable May One, record March 27.
    At the company's annual meeting Wednesday, Possis said
shareholders approved a proposal to increase the authorized
common shares to 20 mln from eight mln. The company currently
has about 3.9 mln shares outstanding.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4176>
Shr 29 cts vs 16 cts
    Net 610,000 vs 329,000
    Sales 6,714,000 vs 4,582,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4177>
Qtly div 50 cts vs 50 cts prior
    Pay April 30
    Record March 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4178>
Telco Systems Inc said its plan
to distribute a dividend of common stock purchase rights to
shareholders of record on March 16 has been delayed pending the
completion of necessary regulatory approvals.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4184>
Shr 10 cts vs seven cts
    Net 1,541,000 vs 1,056,000
    Revs 20.1 mln vs 17.0 mln
    1st half
    Shr 19 cts vs 11 cts
    Net 2,945,000 vs 1,742,000
    Revs 38.2 mln vs 35.2 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4189>
Shr 13 cts vs 15 cts
    Net 2,193,000 vs 1,918,000
    Revs 18.2 mln vs 15.2 mln
    NOTE: Share after preferred dividends.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4192>
General Mining Union Corp Ltd
chairman Derek Keys cautioned that profits may not rise this
year if the rand stays at its current level of 48 U.S. Cents.
    "We would do well to repeat last year's results if the rand
stays depressed," Keys said.
    The level of the dividend, however, "ought not to be
affected," he added, discussing the 1987 outlook.
    General Mining earlier reported that 1986 per share
earnings rose 28 pct to 616 cts.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4193>
Qtrly div 34 cts vs 34 cts
    Pay May 15
    Record April 24
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4194>
Shr 12 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 414,968 vs 449,533
    Revs 5,726,722 vs 5,276,627
    Six mths
    Shr 23 cts vs 33 cts
    Net 779,981 vs 1,116,857
    Revs 11.3 mln vs 11.3 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4205>
Shr 2.11 dlrs vs nine cts
    Net 285,000,000 vs 10,500,000
    Revs 7.35 billion vs 6.76 billion
    Avg shrs 134,300,000 vs 131,600,000
    Year
    Shr 4.35 dlrs vs 1.73 dlrs
    Net 582,300,000 vs 221,200,000
    Revs 24.13 billion vs 22.33 billion
    Avg shrs 134,300,000 vs 131,600,000
    NOTE: Latest year earnings include a loss in each period of
16.4 mln dlrs, or 12 cts a share, for a premium paid in the
early call of a 250 mln dlr 12.75 pct 30-year debenture
    Earnings include a gain from discontinued operations of
30.8 mln dlrs, or 23 cts a share vs a loss of 238.9 mln dlrs,
or 1.82 dlrs a share in the quarter and a gain of 28.4 mln
dlrs, or 21 cts a share vs a gain of 472.0 mln dlrs, or 3.64
dlrs a share for the year
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4210>
Qtly div 10 cts vs eight cts prior
    Pay April 16
    Record March 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4216>
Oper shr 16 cts vs two cts
    Oper net 467,000 vs 52,000
    Sales 8,954,000 vs 6,338,000
    Avg shrs 2,939,459 vs 1,979,916
    Nine mths
    Oper shr 45 cts vs 18 cts
    Oper net 1,068,000 vs 387,000
    Sales 24.5 mln vs 19.6 mln
    Avg shrs 2,299,764 vs 1,979,916
    NOTE: Current year net both periods excludes 176,000 dlr
gain from retirement of notes.
    Backlog 30.8 mln vs 26.7 mln at start of fiscal year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4218>
Shr 100.6 cts vs 76.9 cts
    Final div 40 cts vs 32 making 58 cts vs 50
    Pre-tax 14.17 mln rand vs 8.85 mln
    Net 10.06 mln vs 7.69 mln
    Tax 4.10 mln vs 1.16 mln
    Gross premiums 210.16 mln vs 178.69 mln
    Net premiums written 143.99 mln vs 123.88 mln
    Underwriting loss 1.78 mln vs loss 6.25 mln
    Div pay April 10, register March 27.
    Note - period year to December 31 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4219>
Shr diluted five cts vs 13 cts
    Net 278,780 vs 442,532
    Revs 5,101,747 vs 4,293,393
    Avg shrs diluted 6,050,968 vs 3,414,145
    NOTE: Net includes tax credits of 123,500 dlrs vs 179,000
dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4220>
Shr 60 cts vs 85 cts
    Qtly div 10 cts vs 10 cts prior
    Net 1,407,000 vs 1,996,000
    Sales 75.4 mln vs 58.2 mln
    NOTE: Dividend pay April 16, record April Nine
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4223>
K Mart Corp said its record fiscal
1986 net earnings of 582.3 mln dlrs, a rise from 221.2 mln dlrs
a year ago, marked a "major turning point" for the world's
second biggest retailer.
    K Mart said the earnings rise for the fourth quarter ended
January 28 to 285 mln dlrs from 10.5 mln dlrs resulted from 
"merchandising, refurbishing and expense control."
    A year ago, K Mart took a charge of 239 mln dlrs for
discontinued operations. Earnings from continuing retail
operations in the quarter totalled 270 mln dlrs or 2.00 dlrs a
share compared with 249.4 mln dlrs or 1.91 dlrs a year ago.
    K Mart Chairman Bernard Fauber said "the success of these
programs is better illustrated by the strong 35.9 pct increase
in 1986 income from continuing operations before income taxes
to 1.03 billion dlrs, the first time K Mart Corp has reached
this milestone."
    Sales for the 1986 fiscal year reached a record 23.8
billion dlrs, an 8.1 pct rise from 22.04 billion dlrs the prior
year. K Mart said 1985 was restated to account for discontinued
operations. Comparable store sales rose 5.5 pct in 1986 over
1985, it said.
    Fauber said the sales growth came from greater consumer
acceptance of K Mart's apparel merchandise, "a marked increase
in hardline merchandise sales and a growing contribution from
specialty retailing operations."
    K Mart said its fourth quarter pre-tax income from
continuing operations was 493 mln dlrs, a 32.3 pct gain from
372.6 mln dlrs last year. It said sales in the period grew 8.8
pct to 7.23 billion dlrs from a restated 6.65 billion dlrs in
1985 with comparable store sales up 4.7 pct.
    K Mart said its effective tax rate rose in 1986 to 44.6 pct
from 37.6 pct in 1985. But it said selling, general and
administrative expense eased to 23.2 pct of sales from 23.7 pct
in 1985.
    "Our performance in 1986 marks a major turning point for K
Mart," Fauber said in a statement.
    "In the years immediately prior to 1986, we focused on
changing the look of our stores and the structure of the
company."
    K Mart, he said, committed billion of dollars for store
remodeling and installing a centralized point of sale system,
upgraded its merchandise mix, acquired three large specialty
retailers, divested underperforming businesses and restructured
its long-term debt.
    "We were forced to pay a temporary price in the form of
slower earnings growth and a lower rating by the investment
community. However, beginning with the fourth quarter of 1985,
our improved performance is proof that our approach is correct
for the long term," the K Mart chairman said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4228>
Qtly div 1-1/2 cts vs 1-1/2 cts prior
    Pay April 15
    Record March 30
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4232>
Phillips Petroleum Co will emphasize
improving its short-term cash flow this year to pare its debt,
C.J. "Pete" Silas, chairman, told Reuters in an interview.
    "Our priority is to get cash flow increased from the assets
already installed," he said, but he declined to estimate annual
cash flow for 1987.
    Analysts estimate Phillips" cash flow at over one billion
dlrs for 1987, while long term debt, which resulted from
restructuring to find off corporate raiders in 1985, hovers
about 5.9 billion dlrs as of December 1986.
     Silas said Phillips hope to achieve its goal by raising
the capital expenditures budget to develop its oil and gas
properties.
    "We plan to develop the properties with short-term high cash
flow prospects," he said. He projected a capital expenditure
budget of 730 mln dlrs, up from the 1986 expenditure of 655 mln
dlrs.
    Nearly half of that will be spent on exploration and
production, and most of that will be spend overseas, Silas
said.
    "Phillips' top priority in 1987 will be to get the
waterflooding in Norway and jack up the (Ekofisk) oil fields to
improve our ability to extract oil and increase earnings," Silas
said.
     Phillips estimates that the project, which is expected to
cost 1.5 billion dlrs, will increase recovery by 170 mln gross
barrels of oil over a period of 24 years.
    Phillips is also pursue opportunities in China where Silas
said he was seeking "a modification of terms with the Chinese
government to make oil discoveries (in the offshore Xijang
fields) commercially viable."
    In the U.S. Silas said Phillips hopes to get the Point
Arguello, Calif., field started up by the fourth quarter. "We
expect to start up the first platform then," Silas said.
    But emphasis on short-term cash flow has also forced the
company to part with several oil and gas assets.
    Phillips sold its interests in the T-Block in the U.K.
North Sea and U.S. reserves totaling about 1.3 billion dlrs in
1986 as part of a two billion dlrs asset sales program that is
now completed, Silas said.
     "We sold high cost producing assets. They were not good
value for us but possibly so for someone else," Silas said.
    Silas said the 1986 assets sales will not affect earnings
for the company.
    "Everything we are doing is to manage our cash flow and we
are using that to manage our debt. Even the asset sales, while
regrettable, were necessary to reduce debt," Silas said.
    He said no asset sales are planned this year as long as oil
prices don't fall sharply lower and stay at lower levels  for
several months. "Then, everyone would be looking at sales (of
assets), and we're no different from the others," Silas said.
    In other areas, Silas looks for improved earnings from
Phillips chemical operations, which provided 299 mln dlrs in
earnings for 1986, up from 219 mln dlrs in 1985.
    "This was our second best year pushed by a good supply and
demand balance for products, low feedstocks and energy costs
for our operations," Silas said, "In 1987 we think the market's
supply and demand balance will be just as good but feedstock
and energy costs will rise due to price recovery."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4239>
4th qtr
    Shr nine cts vs four cts
    Net 658,159 vs 299,930
    Revs 3,770,341 vs 2,614,224
    Avg shrs 7,382,802 vs 6,747,442
    Year
    Oper shr 33 cts vs 18 cts
    Oper net 2,287,179 vs 1,045,799
    Revs 13.1 mln vs 8,577,853
    Avg shrs 6,874,505 vs 5,951,612
    NOTE: 1985 year net excludes 13,000 dlr tax credit.
    Corrects March 11 item to exclude tax credit
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4240>
Qtly div 34 cts vs 34 cts prior
    Pay May 15
    Record April 24
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4241>
Qtly div 12-1/2 cts vs 10 cts prior
    Pay April 15
    Record March 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4245>
Semi div 7-1/2 cts vs 7-1/2 cts prior
    Pay April 30
    Record March 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4253>
Qtly div 27 cts vs 27 cts prior
    Pay April 15
    Record March 25
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4257>
Qtr ends Feb 28
    Shr 10 cts vs 17 cts
    Net 411,275 vs 584,118
    Revs 4,977,818 vs 4,714,581
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4258>
Shr loss 11 cts vs profit five cts
    Net loss 279,726 vs profit 76,591
    Revs 1,300,000 vs 2,200,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4261>
Jan 31 end
    Shr profit 49 cts vs loss not given
    Net profit 1,360,000 vs loss 241,000
    Revs 20.8 mln vs 14.3 mln
    Avg shrs 2,760,000 vs 1,970,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4266>
British Telecommunications Plc's &lt;BTY.L>
profit growth prospects for the coming years will be reduced by
increasing competition and continued costs for replacing old
telephone systems, deputy chairman Graeme Odgers said.
    Speaking at a news conference on the third quarter results
which were released earlier today, Odgers said the company
faced heavy costs for installing new digital telephone systems
in Britain for three to five years.
    He said &lt;Mercury Communications Ltd>, a Cable and Wireless
Plc &lt;CAWL.L> subsidiary, was becoming a significant competitor.
    Odgers said Mercury was seeking to make inroads into some
of British Telecom's most profitable areas.
    One company official privately estimated that British
Telecom still had a 99 pct share of the U.K. Telecommunications
market but feared that this could slip to 95 or 90 pct.
    The recent two-and-a-half-week engineering strike, which
lead to some disruption in service, could well have encouraged
clients to consider using the Mercury system, Odgers said.
    However, he forecast that the last quarter's results
overall should not be adversely affected by the walkout.
    He calculated salary savings as a result of the strike at
50 mln stg and while loss of income on telephone calls should
be limited revenue probably dropped on peripheral activities.
    But on balance Odgers said that group's financial strength,
economies of scale and the fact that it operates in a growth
industry will help produce annual profit increases for the
forseeable future.
    British Telecom will also seek to expand into
manufacturing, he said, adding that research and development
expenditure will rise both in terms of value and compared with
the current proportion of two pct of overall turnover.
    Analysts said the company's downbeat forecasts helped
shares dip to 242p in mid-afternoon, down 4p from yesterday's
close and off an early high of 248p.
    Philip Augar of stockbrokers Wood Mackenzie and Co Ltd said
the market expects slower profit growth, but forecast a seven
to eight pct rise in both earnings per share and pretax profit
over the next two years. In the 1985/86 financial year, pre-tax
profit rose to 1.81 billion stg from 1.48 billion.
    Augar noted that a government-imposed formula linking
charges to inflation meant that the company's scope for raising
prices was limited as long as inflation remains low.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4273>
Shr two cts vs nine cts
    Net 86,469 vs 325,937
    Revs 5,119,637 vs 6,390,995
    12 mths
    Shr 10 cts vs 33 cts
    Net 354,820 vs 1,148,476
    Revs 21.2 mln vs 23.2 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4276>
Shr 10 cts vs 11 cts
    Net 226,000 vs 236,000
    Sales 1.3 mln vs 1.5 mln
    Year
    Shr 38 cts vs 45 cts
    Net 819,000 vs 1,001,000
    Sales 5.8 mln vs 6.4 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4285>
Qtrly div 17.5 cts vs 17.5 cts prior
    Pay April 20
    Record April 2
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4286>
The flavours and
fragrances firm &lt;Naarden International N.V.>, acquired by
Anglo-Dutch food and detergents group Unilever Plc N.V. &lt;UN.AS>
last year, said net profits for 1986 fell 11.4 pct to 19.5 mln
guilders.
    Naarden said earnings were hit by the fall in the value of
both the dollar and sterling, noting the figure was in line
with prior expectations. Net profit was 22.0 mln guilders in
1985.
    Earnings per share fell to 4.64 guilders from 5.48 in 1985
on turnover of 627.8 mln, down from 662.6 mln. Naarden set a
cash dividend of 1.80 guilders, unchanged from last year but
without last year's share option for payment.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4288>
Shr 81 cts vs 81 cts
    Net 8,750,024 vs 7,772,932
    Revs 157.6 mln vs 162.4 mln
    Avg shrs 10.8 mln vs 9.6 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4291>
Newmont Mining Corp &lt;NEM> said Magma
Copper Co anticipates being able to produce copper at a profit
by 1991, assuming copper prices remain at their current levels.
    In an information statement distributed to Newmont
shareholders explaining the dividend of Magma shares declared
Tuesday, Newmont said Magma had a net loss of 46.6 mln dlrs in
1986, adding this was equal to 1.22 cts a share.
    Newmont holders will receive 80 pct of Magma's stock as a
dividend of one share for each of the 30,458,000 Newmont shares
now held. Newmont will retain 15 pct of the stock.
    The 1986 net loss was on a pro forma basis, Newmont said.
On a historical basis, it added, Magma had a 1986 net loss of
58.1 mln dlrs on a loss from operations of 42.3 mln dlrs.
    On Dec 31, 1986, Newmont said, Magma had about 85.0 mln
dlrs of net operating loss carryforwards expiring in 1999-2000
and about 4.0 mln dlrs of investment tax credit carryover
expiring in 2000-2001.
    Newmont said Magma has pre-tax losses of 290 mln dlrs
during the 1981 through 1985 period, noting the five major U.S.
primary copper producers reported aggregate pre-tax losses of
1.9 billion dlrs during five year period.
    Newmont said Magma had total sales of 347.3 mln dlrs last
year, including copper sales of 293.4 mln dlrs.
    It said the copper sales value was up from 267.6 mln dlrs
in 1985 reflecting a 10.1 pct increase in quantity sold to
212,000 short tons and a 0.4 pct decrease in price.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4292>
4th qtr
    Shr nine cts vs four cts
    Net 658,159 vs 299,930
    Revs 3,770,341 vs 2,614,224
    Avg shrs 7,382,802 vs 6,747,442
    Year
    Oper shr 33 cts vs 18 cts
    Oper net 2,287,179 vs 1,045,799
    Revs 13.1 mln vs 8,577,853
    Avg shrs 6,874,505 vs 5,951,612
    NOTE: 1985 year net excludes 131,000 dlr tax credit.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4302>
Shr 1.42 dlrs vs 1.61 dlrs
    Net 13.6 mln vs 15.5 mln
    NOTE: Net asset value per share 77.72 dlrs vs 54.35 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4304>
Oper shr 1.24 dlrs vs 1.55 dlrs
    Oper net 120,800,000 vs 150,100,000
    Revs 3.12 billion vs 2.74 billion
    Year
    Oper shr 2.62 dlrs vs 2.89 dlrs
    Oper net 255,000,000 vs 280,500,000
    Revs 9.26 billion vs 8.26 billion
    NOTE: 1986 period ended February One
    NOTE: Results exclude earnings from discontinued operations
of 9.0 mln dlrs, or nine cts a share vs 3.2 mln dlrs, or three
cts a share in the quarter and 2.1 mln dlrs, or two cts a share
vs 3.1 mln dlrs, or three cts a share for the year
    1987 earnings exclude gain on sale of B. Dalton Bookseller
of 85.2 mln dlrs, or 88 cts a share in each period
    1987 earnings exclude extraordinary charge from purchase
and redemption of debt of 12.6 mln dlrs, or 13 cts a share in
the quarter and 32.3 mln dlrs, or 33 cts a share for the year
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4307>
Shr 49 cts vs 39 cts
    Net 886,937 vs 892,323
    Revs 25.9 mln vs 23.7 mln
    Year
    Shr 1.78 dlr vs 1.34 dlr
    Net 3,254,301 vs 2,472,676
    Revs 100.6 mln vs 87.4 mln
    NOTE: 1986 4th qtr and year net includes income loss of
MetCap subsidiary of 14,881 dlrs and 311,848 dlrs or 17 cts per
share, respectively.
    1985 4th qtr and year net includes loss in MetCap unit of
108,598 dlrs and 298,412 dlrs or 16 cts per share,
respectively.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4313>
Shr 46 cts vs 77 cts
    Qtly div six cts vs six cts prior
    Net 2,198,469 vs 3,635,565
    Revs 23.1 mln vs 26.0 mln
    Note: 1986 net includes one-time charge of 249,000 dlrs or
five cts a share from discontinuation of Boat Sentry and
Lakontek products.
    Qtly div payable April 15 to shareholders of record March
24.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4318>
Shr 1.46 dlrs vs 1.13 dlrs
    Net 14,650,000 vs 11,270,000
    Sales 265 mln vs 227.1 mln
    Avg shrs 10,020,000 vs 9,980,000
    Note: Earnings are pro forma, including the increase in
common shares that took place last October when the company
went public through an initial offering of 1.4 mln shares. Avg
shrs assume the shares sold to public and employees were
outstanding during the entire period.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4327>
Shr 14.63 dlrs
    Net 21.8 mln
    Revs 252.9 mln
    NOTE: Company changed its reporting period to Dec 31 from
May 31. It said prior year comparisons were thus not
applicable.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4330>
Shr 67 cts vs six cts
    Net 1.6 mln vs 131,630
    Revs 6.5 mln vs 4.5 mln
    Year
    Shr 85 cts vs 19 cts
    Net 2.0 mln vs 427,749
    Revs 25.1 mln vs 17.4 mln
    NOTE: 1986 net includes 1.4 mln dlrs in tax loss carryback.
Reuter Inc is a spindle maker. It is not connected with Reuters
Holdings PLC.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4331>
Qtly div 62-1/2 cts vs 62-1/2 cts previously
    Pay April 30
    Record April Seven
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4337>
Shr loss nine cts vs profit 11 cts
    Net loss 1,102,592 vs profit 1,364,763
    Revs 2,836,508 vs 5,547,121
    Year
    Shr loss six cts vs profit 32 cts
    Net loss 789,300 vs profit 3,953,822
    Revs 11.7 mln vs 21.1 mln
    NOTE:  Per share figures reflect five pct stock dividend
paid December 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4338>
Fabrique Nationale Herstal SA
&lt;FNHB.BR> said it suffered a net loss of 2.99 billion francs
last year after being hit by strikes, the falling dollar and
declining oil prices.
    An FN statement said the loss, which compared with a 6.8
mln franc profit the previous year, included considerable
charges for restructuring in 1986 and 1987. Without these the
net loss would have been 1.45 billion francs, it said.
    It added that the restructuring plan would allow the firm
to return to long term profitability once it had been approved
by local authorities, banks and the workforce.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4341>
Shr profit one ct vs loss one ct
    Net profit 150,594 vs loss 55,352
    Revs 19.0 mln vs 12.4 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4344>
Qtly div 54 cts vs 54 cts prior qtr
    Pay 1 May
    Record 10 April
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4346>
Oper shr profit two cts vs loss 19 cts
    Oper net profit 523,000 vs loss 2.2 mln
    Revs 102.5 mln vs 39.9 mln
    12 mths
    Oper shr profit 11 cts vs loss 29 cts
    Oper net profit 2.2 mln vs loss 2.9 mln
    Revs 304.4 mln vs 50.3 mln
    NOTE: All 1986 and last two months of 1985 include results
of NICO Inc acquired Oct 1985.
    Prior year excludes discontinued operations loss of 14 cts
per share in the quarter and loss 18 cts a share in the year.
    1986 excludes extraordinary gain of two cts per share in
the quarter and four cts per share in the year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4347>
ProtocomDevices Inc said it has seen
more erosion of its general financial condition since December
31, and is actively engaged in negotiations to secure
additional financing. It also said it has undergone a
restructuring of its management and is instituting further
staff reductions.
    It said Ramon Morales has relinquished his role as
president and chief operating officer and assumed the position
of executive vice president in charge of international sales.
    It also said Rafael Collado has assumed the positions of
president and chief operating officer in addition to his role
as chief executive officer.
    For the year ended January 31, 1986, the company had a net
loss of 51,000 dlrs or 24 cts a share on revenues of 2.8 mln
dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4351>
Shr 86 cts vs 99 cts
    Net 435,610 vs 497,160
    Sales 16.6 mln vs 17.7 mln
    NOTE: 1986 year net penalized 13 cts shr from loss of
investment tax credits.
  
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4353>
Net loss 14,144,000 vs loss 863,000
    Revs 10.3 mln vs 16.7 mln
    NOTES: 1986 loss includes write-down of 15.1 mln dlrs in
the carrying value of oil and gas properties taken in the first
quarter 
    Cash flow from operationswas 6,237,000 dlrs, or 3.01 dlrs
per unit, vs 9,315,000 dlrs, or 4.56 dlrs per unit
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4357>
Shr 22 cts vs 19 cts
    Net 1.1 mln vs 994,000
    Year
    Shr 83 cts vs 60 cts
    Net 4.3 mln vs 3.1 mln
    NOTE:1985 net includes tax loss carryforward gain of 8,000
dlrs.
  
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4358>
Shr profit nil vs loss five cts
    Net profit 232 vs loss 124,380
    Revs 143,397 vs 61,901
    1st half
    Shr profit one ct vs loss 10 cts
    Net profit 15,722 vs loss 264,539
    Revs 354,843 vs 120,403
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4361>
Shr loss two cts vs loss five cts
    Net loss 17,334 vs loss 51,507
    Sales 245,560 vs 179,839
    Avg shrs 1,136,785 vs 1,046,785
    Six mths
    Shr profit four cts vs loss 17 cts
    Net profit 47,749 vs loss 174,373
    Sales 721,937 vs 284,809
    Avg shrs 1,136,785 vs 1,046,785
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4363>
periods ended January 31
    Shr profit 22 cts vs loss 26 cts
    Net profit 439,000 vs loss 522,000
    Revs 5,600,000 vs 3,859,000
    Nine mths
    Shr profit 46 cts vs loss three cts
    Net profit 912,000 vs loss 59,000
    Revs 14.6 mln vs 18.3 mln
    NOTE: Year ago revenues include 400,000 dlrs in quarter and
2,227,000 dlrs in nine months from operations of subsidiary
sold in April 1986
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4364>
Financial and industrial holding company
Nord Est plans to make a convertible bond issue for a total of
400 mln francs, President Gustave Rambaud said.
    He told a news conference Nord-Est expected to receive
approval from the Bourse supervisory body COB in the next two
week, when terms would set according to market conditions.
    He said the issue was meant to boost capital ahead of new
investments.
    Rambaud said the company would pay a 1986 dividend of 5.25
francs, unchanged on 1985. Parent company net profit last year
rose to 99.5 mln francs against 71.1 mln in 1985.
    Provisional consolidated profits were lower at 185 mln
francs compared with 200 mln in 1985, of which 120 mln, against
147 mln, was attributable to the group. He said the lower
profit was mainly due to losses made by steel-tube maker
Vallourec, in which Nord Est has a 12.5 pct stake.
    Rambaud said he forecast a 1987 parent company net profit
before provisions of around 135 mln francs.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4370>
Shr profit 75 cts vs profit 25 cts
    Net profit 2,742,962 vs profit 936,333
    Sales 74.9 mln vs 70.1 mln
    Year
    Shr profit 1.05 dlrs vs loss 1.07 dlrs
    Net profit 3,868,888 vs loss 3,931,580
    Sales 299.3 mln vs 281.1 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4372>
Shr 12 cts vs seven cts
    Net 817,000 vs 512,000
    Revs 107.5 mln vs 99.9 mln
    Avg 6.9 mln vs 7.2 mln
    NOTE: 1987 net includes 2.4 mln dlr pretax gain on
settlement, 743,000 dlrs gain on securities sale, interest
expense net of investment income of 2.2 mln dlrs and 920,000
dlrs in fiscal 1986. Change of European operations method
resulted in pre-tax translation losses of 1.1 mln dlrs in 1987.
Period ended January 30.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4374>
Paradise Fruit Co Inc said its
board declared a dividend of 25 cts per share, payable March 31
to holders of record March 19.
    The company last paid 50 cts per share in January 1986 and
before that paid 60 cts in January 1985.
    Paradise said commercial bank lending agreements it entered
into in June 1986 include retained earnings requirements that
limit the amount of earnings available for distribution to
shareholders.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4376>
Oper shr 1.30 dlrs vs 1.51 dlrs
    Oper net 4.06 mln vs 4.17 mln
    Sales 146.3 mln vs 155.9 mln
    Note: 1985 excludes extraordinary loss of 7.45 mln dlrs, or
2.70 dlrs per share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4378>
Dec 31 end
    Shr profit nil vs loss four cts
    Net profit 6,891 vs loss 590,460
    Revs 6,518,133 vs 2,521,884
    Avg shrs 13.1 mln vs 12.0 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr profit six cts vs loss seven cts
    Net profit 772,703 vs loss 758,620
    Revs 20.1 mln vs 7,599,017
    Avg shrs 13.2 mln vs 10.9 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4380>
Qtly div six cts vs six cts prior
    Pay April Three
    Record March 23
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4384>
Qtly div 7-1/2 cts vs 7-1/2 cts prior
    Pay April 30
    Record April 15
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4385>
Shr loss 1.5 cts vs loss five cts
    Net loss 17,334 vs loss 51,507
    Sales 245,560 vs 179,839
    Six mths
    Shr profit four cts vs loss 17 cts
    Net profit 47,749 vs loss 174,373
    Sales 721,937 vs 284,809
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4387>
Qtly div 12-1/2 cts vs 12-1/2 cts prior
    Pay April 30
    Record April 15
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4388>
Qtly div five cts vs five cts prior
    Pay April 15
    Record March 30
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4389>
Qtly div 45 cts vs 45 cts prior
    Pay May 20
    Record April 24
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4397>
Qtly dividend six cts vs six cts
    Pay April 15
    Record March 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4398>
Qtly div 54 cts vs 54 cts prior
    Pay May One
    Record April 10
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4399>
Qtly div 17-1/2 cts vs 17-1/2 cts prior
    Pay April 20
    Record April 2.
o
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4404>
Shr loss 30 cts vs profit 12 cts
    Net loss 2,374,000 vs profit 970,000
    Revs 15.7 mln vs 13.4 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 13 cts vs profit 46 cts
    Net loss 1,054,000 vs profit 3,425,000
    Revs 61.8 mln vs 49.9 mln
    Note: Full name Safeguard Health Enterprises Inc.
    Current qtr and year figures include 2.9 mln dlr reserve
for estimated loss from proposed divestment of one-third of
existing 40 offices.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4410>
North American Holding Corp
said it expects to have record fourth quarter earnings and for
sales to exceed 10 mln dlrs.
    For the fourth quarter ended March 30, 1986 the company
reported net income of 631,720 dlrs on sales of 5.2 mln dlrs.
    It also said it expects revenues for the year to exceed 30
mln dlrs. For fiscal 1986, North American reported a net loss
of 126,900 dlrs on sales of 12.8 mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4412>
Qtly div six cts vs 4-1/4 cts prior
    Pay April 10
    Record March 23
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4419>
Shr 13 cts vs 50 cts
    Net 651,397 vs 2,602,120
    Revs 26.4 mln vs 21.6 mln
    NOTE: 1986 net includes gain 291,027 dlr gain from quantity
discount rebates on purchases of materials in prior years.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4420>
Shr loss 20 cts vs loss 14 cts
    Net loss 352,000 vs loss 248,000
    Revs 285,000 vs 681,000
    Year
    Shr loss 92 cts vs loss 49 cts
    Net loss 1,613,000 vs loss 842,000
    Revs 1,523,000 vs 2,557,000
    NOTE: Full name is North Atlantic Technologies Inc
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4437>
Parker Drilling Co said its board
of directors voted to suspend the payment of dividends to
shareholders.
    Parker Drilling said it has been paying a quarterly
dividend of one ct a share of common stock.
    The company said it expects to save 1.3 mln dlrs a year
through the dividend suspension.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4438>
Shr nine cts vs 22 cts
    Net 700,000 vs 2,200,000
    Revs 5,400,000 vs 5,700,000
    Avg shrs 7,589,344 vs 10.1 mln
    12 mths
    Shr 43 cts
    Net 3,500,000
    Revs 21.6 mln
    NOTE: 12 mth figures not available for 1985 since company
started operations March 31, 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4439>
Qtly div nine cts vs nine cts previously
    Pay May 11
    Record April 17
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4440>
Qtrly div 41.5 cts vs 41.5 cts prior
    Pay July 29
    Record June 15
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4446>
Qtrly div nine cts vs nine cts prior
    Pay May 1
    Record April 9
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4451>
Shr three cts vs three cts
    Net 165,798 vs 143,872
    Sales 1,787,561 vs 1,072,686
    Six mths
    Shr four cts vs four cts
    Net 175,928 vs 191,310
    Sales 3,137,695 vs 2,723,557
    Avg shrs 4,862,046 vs 4,722,150
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4452>
Qtly div 15 cts vs 12 cts in prior qtr
    Payable June 25
    Record May 28
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4454>
Interim income dividend 20 cts. Last paid 1.14 dlrs
February 27, including capital gains of 50 cts.
    Pyable April 20
    Record April eight
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4457>
Shr 11 cts vs nine cts
    Net 677,498 vs 461,485
    Revs 6,271,010 vs 5,135,729
    Year
    Shr 81 cts vs 20 cts
    Net 4,406,065 vs 973,967
    Revs 26.5 mln vs 14.1 mln
    Avg shrs 5,457,339 vs 4,978,965
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4459>
Qtly div nine cts vs nine cts in prior qtr
    Payable May one
    Record Apreil nine
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4472>
Shr 37 cts vs 37 cts
    net 7.6 mln vs 7.5 mln
    Revs 383.9 mln vs 326.3 mln
    Year
    Shr 1.17 dlrs vs 99 cts
    Net 24.0 mln vs 20.3 mln
    Revs 1.2 billion vs 1.0 billion
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4475>
Oper shr loss 48 cts vs profit 50 cts
    Oper net loss 11.3 mln vs profit 18.1 mln
    Revs 262.8 mln vs 399.7 mln
    Note: 1986 net excludes tax gain of 1.1 mln dlrs or three
cts shr vs yr-ago gain of 5.6 mln dlrs or 17 cts shr.
    1986 net includes 15 mln dlr charge for reduction in
carrying value of refinery and related assets. 1985 net
includes 10.8 mln dlr gain on sale of Canadian natural gas
property.
    U.S. dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4476>
Oper shr profit two cts vs loss 19 cts
    Oper net profit 523,000 vs loss 2,191,000
    Revs 102.5 mln vs 39.9 mln
    Avg shrs 20.0 mln vs 11.1 mln
    Year
    Oper shr profit 11 cts vs loss 29 cts
    Oper net profit 2,240,000 vs loss 2,884,000
    Revs 304.4 mln vs 50.3 mln
    Avg shrs 19.4 mln vs 9,759,000
     NOTE: 1986 4th qtr and year oper net excludes a gain of
492,000 dlrs and 1,241,000 dlrs, respectively, for
carryforwards and a loss of 135,000 dlrs and 533,000 dlrs,
respectively, for early extinguishment of debt.
    1985 4th qtr and year oper net excludes a loss of 1,457,000
dlrs or 14 cts per share and loss 1,735,000 dlrs or 18 cts per
share, respectively, for discontinued operations.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4494>
Shr 20 cts vs 22 cts
    Net 1,948,000 vs 2,124,000
    Sales 40.9 mln vs 41.0 mln
    Six mths
    Shr 40 cts vs 50 cts
    Net 3,864,000 vs 4,835,000
    Sales 81.7 mln vs 79.9 mln
    NOTE: 1986 results include gain on sale of land of 571,000
dlrs, or six cts a share
    1986 results include loss from discontinued operations of
403,000 dlrs, or four cts a share in the quarter and 598,000
dlrs, or six cts a share in the six months
 
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4498>
First Financial Management Corp said
its board declared a three-for-two stock split of its common
stock.
    The split will be effected by a 50 pct stock dividend for
shareholders of record March 23 to be distributed on April six.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4504>
Shr loss two cts vs profit 10 cts
    Net loss 79,000 vs profit 507,000
    Revs 10.6 mln vs 2,238,000
    12 mths
    Shr profit two cts vs profit 23 cts
    Net 89,000 vs 1,130,000
    Revs 21.4 mln vs 7,766,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4505>
Brown Transport Co Inc said its board
declared an initial quarterly dividend of four cts a share,
payable April 10 to stockholders of record March 31.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4517>
Shr profit nil vs loss 61 cts
    Net profit 3,000 vs loss 1,148,000
    Revs 18.4 mln vs 17.8 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 94 cts vs loss 28 cts
    Net loss 1,762,000 vs loss 524,000
    Revs 58.5 mln vs 67.3 mln
    NOTE: 1986 net includes extraordinary gain of 569,000 dlrs
or 30 cts per share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4521>
Shr 53 cts vs 34 cts
    Net 2,253,742 vs 1,332,652
    Avg shrs 4,251,553 vs 3,932,064
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4523>
Div 12 cts vs 12 cts
    Pay April 20
    Record April 8
    NOTE: company pays dividend of 12 cts three times annually
with a bulk payment at the end of the fiscal year to equal
annual dividend of 50 cts.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4551>
AmVestors Financial Corp said it
declared a 25 pct stock dividend payable June 19 to holders of
record June one, subject to an increase in authorized shares.
    It said shareholders will vote at the April 23 annual
meeting to increase authorized shares to 25 mln from 10 mln.
    The company also said it plans to pay an initial quarterly
dividend of five cts a share on the shares.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4554>
Qtr ends Jan 30
    Oper shr loss 45 cts vs profit 44 cts
    Oper Net loss 225,815 vs profit 219,593
    Revs 175,247 vs 827,748
    NOTE: oper net 1987 excludes loss from discontinued
operations of 125,047 vs loss 34,055 for prior qtr.
    excludes tax carryforward 150,000 for prior qtr.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4560>
Qtly div 51 cts vs 51 cts prior
    Pay April one
    Record March 23
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4562>
Shr 516 cts vs 347
    Final div 135 vs 125 making 190 vs 180
    Pre-tax 133 mln rand vs 137 mln
    Net 260 mln vs 172 mln
    Tax 76 mln vs 42 mln
    Att to outside shareholders 96 mln vs 53 mln
    Pref div 1 mln vs same
    Turnover 3.14 billion vs 2.56 billion
    Div pay May 8, register March 27.
    Note - Full name is Anglo American Industrial Corp Ltd.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4574>
Shr 516 cts vs 347
    Final div 135 vs 125 making 190 vs 180
    Pre-tax 133 mln rand vs 137 mln
    Net 260 mln vs 172 mln
    Tax 76 mln vs 42 mln
    Att to outside shareholders 96 mln vs 53 mln
    Pref div 1 mln vs same
    Turnover 3.14 billion vs 2.56 billion
    Div pay May 8, register March 27.
    Note - Full name is Anglo American Industrial Corp Ltd.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4581>
Oper shr profit 60 cts vs loss 55 cts
    Oper net profit 928,000 vs loss 88,000
    Revs 48.7 mln vs 39.7 mln
    Avg shrs 3.7 mln vs 1.5 mln
    Year
    Oper shr loss 1.17 dlrs vs loss 60 cts
    Oper net profit 2,537,000 vs profit 587,000
    Revs 178.8 mln vs 117.6 mln
    NOTE: Per share figures come after preferred dividends.
    Excludes fourth quarter and full year 1986 extraordinary
gains of 29 cts and 71 cts per share, respectively.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4583>
&lt;Counsel Corp> said it plans a
three-for-two stock split, pending shareholder approval at the
April 28 annual meeting.
    The company said it recently reported 1986 profit of 5.9
mln dlrs, or 1.51 dlrs a share, before extraordinary items,
compared with 2.2 mln dlrs, or 81 cts, in 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4585>
The Cannon Group Inc said its
financial statements will show substantial losses for fiscal
1986 and "significant downward adjustments in previously
reported stockholders' equity."
    The company also said its 1986 audit being conducted by
&lt;Arthur Young and Co> will cover the year ended January 3,
1987, instead of the nine-month period ended September 27, 1986
as previously announced.
    It said it anticipates the results of the audit will be
available in mid to late April 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4610>
First half ended December 31
    Shr 55.01 cents vs 97.76
    Int div 18 cents vs 16
    Net 75.05 mln dlrs vs 55.68 mln
    Turnover 156.94 mln vs 177.87 mln
    Other revenue 72.50 mln vs 31.18 mln.
    One-for-five rights issue at 11.50 dlrs a share
    One-for-four bonus issue on capital enlarged by rights
issue
    Shrs 99.36 mln vs 70.94 mln.
    NOTE - Shr applies to total net 54.66 mln dlrs vs 69.48 mln
after extraordinaries loss.
    Pre-extraordinaries net shr 75.53 cents vs 78.32
    Div pay April 30. Div and rights issue reg March 30. Bonus
reg May 6. Net equity-accounts share of associates' earnings.
    Pre-equity pre-tax earnings 59.52 mln dlrs vs 64.13 mln.
Pre-equity net 52.07 mln dlrs vs 43.35 mln after tax 3.45 mln
vs 16.34 mln, minorities 4.00 mln vs 6.44 mln, interest 33.89
mln vs 26.11 mln and depreciation 2.67 mln vs 2.72 mln but
before net extraordinary loss 20.39 mln vs 13.79 mln.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4613>
Qtly div 30 cts vs 30 cts prior
    Payable May one
    Record April 10
    NOTE:Bryn Mawr was reorganized as a holding company on
January 2, 1987, resulting in each share of Bryn Mawr Trust Co
being converted into three shares of the new holding company's
stock. The 30 cts dividend represents a 15 pct increase over
prior quarter.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4621>
The Adelaide Steamship Co Ltd &lt;ADSA.S>
(Adsteam) said its one-for-five rights issue at 11.50 dlrs a
share will raise 228.5 mln dlrs for general working capital and
investment, both in Australia and overseas.
    The group announced the issue with its first half earnings
and said in a statement that the rights issue will be followed
by a one-for-four bonus issue.
    Adsteam's equity-accounted net earnings rose to 75.05 mln
dlrs in the half ended December 31 from 55.68 mln a year
earlier and interim dividend to 18 cents from 16.
    Adsteam shares eased to 14.20 dlrs from an opening 14.60
and yesterday's close of 14.50 on the issue announcement.
    The issue will be underwritten by &lt;Morgan Grenfell
Australia Ltd> and &lt;McCaughan Dyson Ltd> apart from the shares
to be taken up by Adsteam's associate and largest shareholder,
department store retailer &lt;David Jones Ltd>.
    New shares will not rank for the interim dividend but will
rank equally thereafter.
    Adsteam said it expects to maintain an annual dividend rate
of 36 cents on capital enlarged to about 149 mln shares by both
issues from 99.36 mln.
    Adsteam said its diverse industrial interests generally
performed well and its results, as the ultimate holding company
and beneficiary, reflected this solid performance.
    David Jones, owned 49.2 pct by Adsteam, earned the largest
associates' net of 57.38 mln dlrs in the half against 40.29 mln
a year earlier, Adsteam's figures show.
    Wholly-owned and joint venture companies also did well
apart from timber, building supplies and real estate, which
returned below-budget profits due to the housing downturn.
    Adsteam said it sees 1987/88 as a year of reconstruction
and consolidation with the capital base boosted by the issue.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4644>
Group shr 53 yen vs 22
    Net profit 3.58 billion vs profit 1.47 billion
    Pretax profit 4.94 billion vs loss 248 mln
    Operating profit 5.36 billion vs profit 789 mln
    Sales 127.34 billion vs 130.22 billion
    Nine months ended January 15
    Group shr 134 yen vs 119
    Net 9.10 billion vs 8.03 billion
    Pretax 19.78 billion vs 14.77 billion
    Operating 17.35 billion vs 16.00 billion
    Sales 430.06 billion vs 446.26 billion
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4649>
Group 1986 net profit 541 mln Swiss
francs vs. 529 mln
    Dividend 105 francs per 250 francs nominal share vs. 100,
21 francs per 50 franc nominal participation certificate vs 20
    Group Turnover 8.36 billion francs vs. 8.45 billion
    Cash Flow 956 mln francs vs. 941 mln
    Parent company net profit 153.8 mln francs vs. 135.3 mln
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4657>
Net Loss 688 mln Swiss francs vs. Loss
756 mln
    Gross sales 5.93 billion vs. 8.51 billion
    Operating income 198 mln francs vs 256 mln
    Net extraordinary charges 592 mln vs 472 mln
    Note - Company plans 50 pct capital reduction, banks to
convert 300 mln francs of credit facilities to subordinated
loans. No immediate plans for capital increase. Company full
name Schweizerische Aluminium AG.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4687>
Trading in shares of Schweizerische
Aluminium AG, Alusuisse, &lt;ALUZ.Z> was suspended on the Zurich
stock exchange after today's announcement by the company that
it would cut its share capital by 50 pct, the bourse said.
    The bourse said trading would resume again on Monday.
    Alusuisse bearer shares closed at 490 francs yesterday,
registered shares at 170 francs and the participation
certificates at 45.50.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4691>
Sandoz AG &lt;SANZ.Z> would
have reported a percentage rise in net profits "close to double
figures" rather than the actual two pct had it not been for
November's warehouse fire, a senior company official said.
    The official, who declined to be identified, told Reuters
Sandoz had made a substantial addition to reserves to cope with
the consequences of the accident at Schweizerhalle, which
caused severe pollution of the Rhine.
    Sandoz today reported without comment a rise in net profits
to 541 mln francs from the previous 529 mln and a five pct
increase in dividend to 105 francs per 250 franc nominal share.
    This year began well, with the performance in January and
February at least equal to the same period last year, the
official said.
    The company is expected to give fuller details of its
results at a news conference on April 22.
    Sandoz has insisted that it is adequately insured to cover
any liability arising from the accident.
    The official said the addition to reserves was to cover the
"one pct" of claims somehow not covered and any voluntary
gestures it wanted to compensate for the effects of pollution
from the fire.
    Sandoz has not given any figure for claims, which have been
flowing in from Switzerland and other countries bordering the
Rhine since the accident.
    However, the official said the final figure would be "much
less than that cited in earlier comments." He gave no further
details.
    In line with fellow chemical giant Ciba-Geigy &lt;CIGZ.Z>,
which reported last month, Sandoz profit and turnover were also
hit by the falling dollar, the official said.
    Sales in local currency terms were up by 14 pct, with
market share increases in the United States and Japan. But this
was more than offset by a 15 pct negative foreign exchange
effect, which produced the reported one pct drop in turnover to
8.36 billion francs,the Sandoz official said.
    Net profit at Ciba-Geigy dropped by 21 pct to 1.16 billion
francs, while sales fell by 12 pct to 15.95 billion francs.
    The third major Swiss chemical company, F. Hoffmann-La
Roche and Co &lt;HOFZ.Z> has not yet reported its results.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4692>
Schweizerische Aluminimum AG &lt;ALUZ.Z>
(Alusuisse) may be able to break even this year after cleansing
its balance sheet for 1986, chief executive Hans Jucker said.
    "The threshold of profitability has returned to the
foreseeable future," he said. "We expect already in 1987
approximately to break even. That presupposes, however, that
our industrial environment does not worsen."
    He said Alusuisse would no longer face the burden of past
losses.
    Alusuisse made a net loss of 688 mln Swiss francs in 1986
after a restated 756 mln loss in 1985.
    Gross sales were 5.93 billion francs after 8.51 billion and
net turnover 5.65 billion after 8.00 billion.
    Alusuisse had originally reported a 692 mln francs loss for
1985.
    But Jucker and Finance Director Hermann Haerri told a news
conference the new management installed a year ago had decided
to restate the previous five years' accounts to eliminate
rights on Australian bauxite previously in the books as an
asset.
    Together with other one-off charges, Alusuisse took an
gross extraordinary charge in 1986 of 698 mln francs, up from
472 mln in 1985.
    It also had 106 mln extraordinary income in 1986 remaining,
after provisions, from the sale of its Maremont Corp subsidiary
in the United States. There were no extraordinary gains in
1985.
    Jucker said the losses, plus those carried forward from
1985, had wiped out the company's remaining reserves and
exceeded legally allowed levels, forcing Alusuisse to adopt a
50 pct capital cut, to be approved by shareholders on April 22.
    Jucker said he knew shareholders would find this "radical
elimination of the mortgages of the past" painful, but said the
foundation had been laid for a successful new company strategy.
    Haerri said despite the losses, the company's liquidity was
strong. Bank debt had been cut by about one-third to 2.56
billion francs against the end-1985 level of 3.85 billion.
    Cash flow improved substantially to 323 mln francs from 111
mln and represented 5.7 pct of turnover against a mere 1.4 pct
in 1985.
    In addition, to reassure other creditors, Alusuisse had
arranged with three major Swiss banks -- Union Bank of
Switzerland &lt;SBGZ.Z>, Swiss Bank Corp &lt;SBVZ.Z> and Credit
Suisse &lt;CRSZ.Z>, to convert 300 mln francs of credits into a
subordinated loan.
    The main sources of losses in 1986 were book losses and not
cash losses, Haerri said. Existing credit lines were used only
to a small extent, and the parent company had been granted a
new credit line of 200 mln francs from a consortium of Swiss
banks that would cover most of the loans falling due in 1987.
    Haerri said the company had been criticized for maintaining
bauxite rights as an asset, and so had restated the accounts.
    That left the 1985 account with a 756 mln franc loss
instead of 692 mln, 1984 with a 68 mln profit instead of 169
mln, 1983 with a 217 mln loss instead of 82 mln and 1982 with a
479 mln loss instead of 179 mln.
    The new accounts show 1985 with shareholders' equity of
1.15 billion francs instead of 1.75 billion, and similar
alternations were made for previous years.
    After 1986 losses, shareholder's equity stood at only 895
mln francs.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4695>
Current profits of Japan's major firms in
the October-December quarter rose four pct from a year earlier
to 5,654 billion yen against a 2.6 pct year-on-year rise in the
preceding quarter, the Finance Ministry said.
    The improved earnings resulted mainly from a 22.5 pct
profit increase in non-manufacturing industries, supported by
an 88.7 pct rise for construction firms and a 138 pct gain in
real estate, according to a ministry survey.
    Total sales of the 15,308 firms with capital of 10 mln yen
or more which responded to the poll, fell one pct to 217,217
billion yen against a 1.2 pct fall the previous quarter.
    Current profits of manufacturing industries in the fourth
quarter dropped 13.7 pct to 2,394 billion yen against a 22.1
pct fall in the preceding quarter, the ministry said.
    Plant and equipment investments of all firms polled fell
3.9 pct to 8,004 billion yen, compared with a 1.4 percent fall
the previoius quarter.
    Ministry officials said the survey showed that the Japanese
economy is in a delicate stage in which it is hard to tell if
economic growth has stopped deteriorating or if the economy is
heading for a recovery.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4729>
Shr 19 cts vs 32 cts
    Net 586,000 vs 802,000
    Sales 14.2 mln vs 15.1 mln
    Avg shrs 3,006,372 vs 2,506,250
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4732>
Shr 39 cts vs 1.34 dlrs
    Net 1,392,000 vs 4,686,000
    Sales 81.9 mln vs 81.7 mln
    Year
    Shr 10 cts vs 97 cts
    Net 355,000 vs 3,375,000
    Sales 270.4 mln vs 272.8 mln
    NOTE: Share adjusted for three pct stock dividend in
January 1987.
    Pretax net profits 3,052,000 dlrs vs 4,498,000 dlrs in
quarter and loss 572,000 dlrs vs profit 2,922,000 dlrs in year.
    Latest year net includes pretax gains of 166,000 dlrs in
quarter and 4,420,000 dlrs in year from pension plan
reversions.
    Prior year net includes gain 1,549,000 dlrs on sale of
property.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4745>
Shr loss 4.22 dlrs vs profit nil
    Net loss 5,568,000 vs profit 11,000
    Revs 42.2 mln vs 37.5 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 3.74 dlrs vs profit 1.02 dlrs
    Net loss 4,898,000 vs profit 1,384,000
    Revs 139.0 mln vs 132.7 mln
    NOTE: 1986 net both periods includes 1,603,000 dlr loss
from discontinued operations due to settlement of lawsuit and
redemption of preferred.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4747>
Shr one ct vs two cts
    Net 22,000 vs 58,000
    Sales 951,000 vs 901,000
    Year
    Shr four cts vs 12 cts
    Net 88,000 vs 293,000
    Sales 4,014,000 vs 3,533,000
    NOTE: Net includes tax credits of 46,000 dlrs vs 84,000
dlrs in quarter and credit 19,000 dlrs vs provision 37,000 dlrs
in year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4751>
Dreyer's Grand Ice Cream said
it has restated its previously-reported fourth quarter loss to
904,000 dlrs or 13 cts per share because it has now decided to
take a charge of about 700,000 dlrs to provide for losses of
Midwest Distributing Co, which was acquired December 30.
    Dreyer's said the restatement reduces net income for the
full year to 5,914,000 dlrs or 80 cts per share.
    The company said the restatement does not indicate any
change in its thinking on the benefits of the acquisition or
future prospects in Midwest Distributing's markets.
    Dreyer's Grand previously reported 1986 earnings of
6,614,000 dlrs or 90 cts per share, down from 7,960,000 dlrs or
1.08 dlrs a share.  For the first nine months of the year, it
had earned 6,818,000 dlrs or 92 cts per share, up from
6,354,000 dlrs or 86 cts a share a year before.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4755>
Oper shr nine cts vs three cts
    Oper shr diluted eight cts vs three cts
    Oper net 15 mln vs five mln
    Revs 518 mln vs 622 mln
    NOTE: Oper net excludes extraordinary income of seven mln
dlrs vs four mln on tax loss carryforward, offset by writedowns
of three mln dlrs vs eight mln on U.S. oil and gas properties
and other assets.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4756>
A Volkswagen AG
&lt;VOWG.F> spokesman said the group had no immediate comment on
reports of greater than expected losses at its Spanish
subsidiary Sociedad Espanola de Automoviles de Turismo (SEAT).
    German newspapers reported that Werner Schmidt, SEAT
supervisory board chairman, had told journalists that SEAT
losses for 1986 were around 27 billion pesetas, or about 386
mln marks, almost double original expectations.
    According to the Boersen-Zeitung newspaper, Schmidt said VW
would invest 42 billion pesetas in SEAT this year and in the
years to 1995 would spend 462 billion on its new Spanish unit.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4765>
Oper shr 63 cts vs 47 cts
    Oper shr diluted 56 cts vs 38 cts
    Oper net 3,284,955 vs 2,176,925
    Revs 31.6 mln vs 23.0 mln
    NOTE: Current oper net excludes writedown of 344,039 dlrs,
or seven cts a share, on unidentified investment.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4773>
Group profit after net interest items
742 mln crowns vs 741 mln.
    Sales 11.25 billion crowns vs 10.22 billion.
    Estimated profit per share 10 crowns vs 9.20.
    Proposed dividend four crowns vs 3.38.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4775>
Shr profit seven cts vs loss 24 cts
    Net profit 151,000 vs loss 523,000
    12 mths
    Shrs loss 1.70 dlrs vs loss 44 cts
    Net loss 3,670,000 vs loss 947,000
    Assets 99.7 mln vs 102.6 mln
    Deposits 91.1 mln vs 90.6 mln
    Loans 44.3 mln vs 51.7 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4776>
Net 1986 profit 132.6 mln guilders vs 117.3 mln
    Turnover 1.6 billion guilders vs same
    Earnings per share 16.00 guilders vs 15.80 on capital
expanded by 11 pct to 8.21 mln outstanding shares.
    Proposed dividend per share 5.50 guilders vs 5.00
    Note - Full company name is Koninklijke Nederlandse
Papierfabrieken NV.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4777>
Shr 64 cts vs 52 cts
    Net 56,900,000 vs 46,400,000
    Sales 1.31 billion vs 1.13 billion
    Avg shrs 88.2 mln vs 89.3 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 2.09 dlrs vs 1.59 dlrs
    Net 185,900,000 vs 141,300,000
    Sales 3.84 billion vs 3.36 billion
    Avg shrs 88.9 mln vs 89.1 mln
    NOTE: 1986 period ended February 23
    Prior year amounts restated to reflect discontinued
furniture operations
    Earnings include gains from discontinued operations of 1.5
mln dlrs, or two cts a share in the 1986 quarter and gains of
8.5 mln dlrs, or 10 cts a share in the fiscal 1987 nine months
vs 3.0 mln dlrs, or four cts a share a year earlier
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4779>
Novell Inc said the dividend to
effect its previously announced two-for-one stock split will be
distributed April 13.
    As stated at the time of the original announcement, the
company said the payment will be made to holders of record
March 31.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4780>
Qtly div common 2-1/2 cts vs 2-1/2 cts prior
    Qtly div special common one ct vs one ct
    Pay May Eight
    Record April Three
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4788>
Oper shr 51 cts vs 43 cts
    Oper shr diluted 47 cts vs 43 cts
    Oper net 3,182,000 vs 2,462,000
    Revs 101.7 mln vs 87.0 mln
    Avg shrs 6,246,664 vs 5,671,607
    Avg shrs diluted 7,501,209 vs 5,671,607
    Year
    Oper shr 1.84 dlrs vs 1.48 dlrs
    Oper shr diluted 1.76 dlrs vs 1.48 dlrs
    Oper net 11.5 mln vs 8,312,000
    Revs 349.2 mln vs 307.0 mln
    Avg shrs 6,238,720 vs 5,616,019
    Avg shrs diluted 6,969,389 vs 5,616,019
    NOTE: 1986 net both periods excludes charge 1,205,000 dlrs
from distribution system restructuring costs.
    1986 year net excludes 440,000 dlr debt retirement gain and
gain 12.8 mln dlrs from sale of HPSC Inc &lt;HPSC> stock.
    1986 net both periods includes charge 768,000 dlrs from
reversal of investment tax credits.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4791>
Shr two cts vs 36 cts
    Net 182,000 vs 3,433,000
    Revs 20.1 mln vs 21.4 mln
    Year
    Shr 71 cts vs 98 cts
    Net 6,706,000 vs 9,275,000
    Revs 85.7 mln vs 75.4 mln
    NOTE: 1985 net both periods includes gain 743,000 dlrs from
cancellation of debt.
    1986 quarter net includes reversal of 216,000 dlrs in
investment tax credits.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4792>
Shr 10 cts vs 14 cts
    Net 913,000 vs 1,273,000
    Revs 37.7 mln vs 24.7 mln
    12 mths
    Shr 61 cts vs 60 cts
    Net 5,529,000 vs 5,448,000
    Revs 123.6 mln vs 96.8 mln
    NOTE: net for qtr and yr 1986 and 1985 adjusted to reflect
retroactive effect of three-for-two stock splits distributed to
shareholders in July 1986 and August 1985.
    1986 net includes results of operations of Parmed
Pharmaceuticals Inc, acquired May 29, 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4794>
Shr 26 cts vs 10 cts
    Net 2,867,000 vs 1,208,000
    Revs 100.0 mln vs 85.0 mln
    Avg shrs 10.4 mln vs 9,791,671
    Nine mths
    Shr 57 cts vs 34 cts
    Net 6,327,000 vs 3,951,000
    Revs 284.4 mln vs 225.4 mln
    Avg shrs 10.1 mln vs 9,831,097
    Current year net both periods includes gain 1,755,000 dlrs
from change inestimation of useful lives used in depreciation
of property and equipment.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4795>
Schweizerische Aluminium AG, Alusuisse,
plans to reduce share and participation certificate capital by
50 pct to cover losses in 1986 and those carried forward from
the previous year, chief executive Hans Jucker said.
    Jucker told a news conference that the greatest drain on
its financial resources had been stopped, but after
extraordinary charges the net loss of 688 mln francs in 1986
was only slightly under the 756 mln loss of the previous year.
    The losses in 1986 and those carried over from 1985 made it
necessary to reduce capital by 50 pct, he said.
    However, Jucker said the company improved liquidity through
a recovery in cash flow and conversion of 300 mln Swiss francs
of credit into a subordinated loan.
    Trading in Alusuisse shares was suspended on the Zurich
stock exchange after today's announcement by the company that
it would cut its share capital by 50 pct, the bourse said.
Trading would resume again on Monday.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4796>
Davis Water and Waste
Industries Inc said it has restated its earnings on a pre-
stock split basis for fiscal 1987's third quarter and nine
months ended January 31, which were reported March 10 on a post
four-for-three stock split basis.
    The company said its earnings per share for the third
quarter on a pre-split basis, converts to 16 cts from 12 cts
post-split, versus three cts pre-split from two cts post-split
for fiscal 1986's third quarter.
    For the nine months, Davis said, earnings per share would
convert to 77 cts and 44 cts for fiscal 1987 and 1986
respectively, from 58 cts and 33 cts, respectively.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4797>
Shr loss 15 cts vs loss 1.09 dlrs
    Net loss 19.3 mln vs loss 139.6 mln
    Revs 611.7 mln vs 868.6 mln
    Year
    Shr profit 12 cts vs loss 1.31 dlrs
    Net profit 16.1 mln vs loss 167.9 mln
    Revs 2.68 billion vs 3.35 billion
    Avg shrs 134.7 mln vs 128.1 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4801>
Qtly div 14 cts vs 12.5 cts in prior qtr
    Payable April 18
    Record April two
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4803>
Jan 31 end
    Shr six cts vs eight cts
    Net 177,000 vs 252,000
    Revs 3,209,000 vs 1,070,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 12 cts vs eight cts
    Net 365,000 vs 247,000
    Revs 7,156,000 vs 2,960,000
    NOTE: Prior year net both periods includes 91,000 dlr tax
credit.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4804>
National Entertainment Corp
said shareholdersapproved a one-for-25 reverse stock split and
a name change to Major Video Corp, both effective March 16.
    It said its new ticker symbol will be &lt;MAJV>.
    The company also said it expects to add nine company-owned
and franchised Major Video stores in the next 60 days.  It now
operates 64.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4805>
Shr 48 cts vs 81 cts
    Net 3,986,000 vs 6,760,000
    Revs 77.3 mln vs 40.5 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4810>
General Mills Inc, reporting
stronger results for the third quarter ended February 22, said
it expects the momentum to continue in the fourth quarter.
    The company said it expects to report "strong earnings per
share growth and a record return on equity in fiscal 1987." It
said this should be achieved despite expected non-operating
charges in the final quarter.
    General Mills said these charges will likely offset
non-operating gains, which included six cts a share in the
first half.
    General Mills said at the end of the third quarter, its
return on average equity was 31.6 pct.
    It said major factors contributing to the third quarter
improvement were an 11 pct gain in unit volume by Consumer
Foods, continuing good profit growth at Red Lobster USA and
strong performance in Specialty Retailing.
    The company reported quarterly earnings of 56.9 mln dlrs,
or 64 cts a share, up from 46.4 mln dlrs, or 52 cts a share a
year ago. Sales rose to 1.31 billion dlrs from 1.13 billion
dlrs. Year-ago data reflect a two-for-one common stock split.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4814>
Shr 53 cts vs 85 cts
    Net 2,033,425 vs 3,718,325
    Revs 120.6 mln vs 79.5 mln
    NOTE: 1986 net includes 3,300,000 dlr provision for credit
loss.
    1985 net includes charge 504,571 dlrs from cumulative
effect of accounting change.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4819>
Shr 61 cts vs 42 cts
    Net 6,247,000 vs 5,587,000
    Rev 65.4 mln vs 53.6 mln
    NOTE: 1986 net includes investment gains of 25 cts a share,
versus six cts a share for 1985, and extraordinary gain of
seven cts a share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4820>
Shr 21 cts vs 60 cts
    Net 156,576 vs 443,404
    Sales 5,309,519 vs 5,381,264
    Year
    Shr 1.06 dlrs vs 1.55 dlrs
    Net 788,220 vs 1,151,330
    Sales 22.3 mln vs 23.6 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4821>
Qtly div 11 cts vs 11 cts prior
    Pay May 15
    Record May One
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4827>
Shr one ct vs three cts
    Net 66,922 vs 194,531
    Rev 4.2 mln vs 5.7 mln
    Nine months
    Shr two cts vs four cts
    Net 93,802 vs 260,702
    Rev 10.1 mln vs 13.2 mln
    NOTE: Nine months 1987 period includes gain of 196,043 dlrs
from sale of Meston Lake Resources shares and a credit of
127,000 dlrs from a favroable settlement of s state income tax
assessment. 1986 nine months period includes gain of 160,431
dlrs, or two cts a share, from sale of Ferrotherm Co.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4892>
Shr profit 36 cts vs profit 14 cts
    Net profit 1,162,000 vs profit 464,000
    Revs 16.6 mln vs 11.3 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr loss 89 cts vs loss 79 cts
    Net loss 2,988,000 vs loss 2,673,000
    Revs 35.1 mln vs 25.1 mln
    NOTE: Nine months fiscal 1987 includes extraordinary gain
of 16 cts per share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4900>
Qtly div 10 cts vs nine cts
    Payable June one
    Record May 15
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4901>
Shr loss 45 cts vs profit 20 cts
    Net loss 1,841,000 vs profit 983,000
    Revs 56.2 mln vs 102.9 mln
    Six mths
    Shr loss 13 cts vs profit 80 cts
    Net loss 534,000 vs profit 4.4 mln
    Revs 121.4 mln vs 209.3 mln
    NOTE: Six months fiscal 1987 includes loss of 17 cts per
share from discontinued operations.
    Per share figures also reflect partial three-for-one stock
split effected December 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4911>
Shr 35 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 531,840 vs 188,362
    Revs not given
    Year
    Shr 83 cts vs 41 cts
    Net 1,249,000 vs 620,000
    Revs 10,800,000 vs 5,600,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4914>
Oper shr loss six cts vs profit four cts
    Oper net loss 58,388 vs profit 34,101
    Revs 2,419,203 vs 2,145,967
    1st half
    Oper shr profit six cts vs profit 18 cts
    Oper net profit 61,763 vs profit 172,166
    Revs 5,731,582 vs 4,458,040
    NOTE: Prior year net excludes extraordinary credits of
4,500 dlrs in quarter and 46,000 dlrs in half.
    Current quarter net includes 47,470 dlr tax credit.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4920>
Shr loss 1.41 dlrs vs profit 27 cts
    Net loss 8,225,052 vs profit 1,566,936
    Revs 4,028,231 vs 6,725,462
    Note: 1986 shr and net after 6,606,646 dlr writedown on
property and other assets
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4922>
&lt;Transit Financial Holdings Inc>,
earlier reporting higher fourth quarter and full year earnings,
said it expects 1987 share profit to increase to 1.27 dlrs from
83 cts in 1986.
    The company said the 1987 share forecast is based on 2.5
mln shares outstanding, after a one mln common share issue on
December 30, 1986. Its 1986 and 1985 earnings were based on 1.5
mln shares outstanding.
    The company earlier reported 1986 profit rose to 1,249,000
dlrs or 83 cts a shares from year-earlier 620,000 dlrs or 41
cts a share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4930>
Shr loss 45 cts vs profit 20 cts
    Net loss 1,841,000 vs profit 983,000
    Revs 56.2 mln vs 102.9 mln
    Avg shrs 4,127,000 vs 4,835,000
    1st half
    Oper shr four cts vs 80 cts
    Oper net 172,000 vs 4,359,000
    Revs 121.4 mln vs 209.3 mln
    Avg shrs 4,127,000 vs 5,439,000
    NOTE: Current half net excludes 706,000 dlr loss from
discontinued oil and natural gas operations.
    Share adjusted for three-for-one stock split and
recapitalization in December 1985.
    Prior year net both periods includes pretax charge of
2,300,000 dlrs from recapitalization costs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4934>
Shr 22 cts vs 22 cts
    Net 915,911 vs 970,141
    Revs 8.0 mln vs 8.0 mln
    Nine months
    Shr 69 cts vs 56 cts
    Net 3.0 mln vs 2.4 mln
    Revs 23.5 mln vs 22.1 mln
    NOTE:1987 3rd qtr and nine months include extraordainry
gain of 341,145 dlrs and 480,412 dlrs, respectively, on sale of
land.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4954>
Shr profit two cts vs loss 11 cts
    Net profit 31,734 vs loss 190,677
    Sales 1,325,978 vs 1,029,921
    Nine Mths
    Shr profit eight cts vs loss 53 cts
    Net profit 142,200 vs loss 939,435
    Sales 4,066,777 vs 2,793,479
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4956>
Qtly dividend 17 cts vs 17 cts
    Pay April 10
    Record March 26
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4972>
Shr loss 48 cts vs loss 10 cts
    Net loss 1,234,000 vs loss 259,000
    Revs 715,000 vs 1,941,000
    Year
    Shr loss 1.26 dlrs vs loss 34 cts
    Net loss 3,229,000 vs loss 870,000
    Revs 3,001,000 vs 9,767,000
    NOTE: 1986 net both periods includes 672,300 dlr writedown
of value of seismic laboratory and 165,000 dlr increase in
reserve for doubtful accounts.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4974>
Oper shr loss 44 cts vs oper loss eight cts
    Oper net loss 3,158,000 vs profit 2,035,000
    Rev 166.0 mln vs 162.3 mln
    Year
    Oper shr loss 34 cts vs loss 93 cts
    Oper net profit 7,599,000 vs loss 283,000
    Rev 643.3 mln vs 576.3 mln
    NOTE: Per share results after provision for pfd dividends.
    Fourth qtr earnings exclude loss from discontinued
operations of 67.6 mln dlrs, or 4.72 dlrs a share, and a loss
of 25.8 mln dlrs, or 1.81 dlrs a share, from tax reverse,
versus a gain from discontinued operations of 1.8 mln dlrs, or
14 cts a share, in 1985's 4th qtr.
     1986 oper earnings excludes loss from discontinued
operations of 62.5 mln dlrs, or 4.41 dlrs a share, versus a
loss of 166.8 mln dlrs, or 12.24 dlrs a share, in 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4990>
Qtly div 35 cts vs 35 cts previously
    Pay April 17
    Record March 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4991>
Qtly div Class B 1-1/2 cts vs 1-1/2 cts prior
    Class A two cts vs two cts prior
    Pay April 30
    Record April 15
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4998>
Qtly div 15 cts vs 15 cts prior
    Pay April 30
    Recrod April nine
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4999>
Shr 25 cts vs 18 cts
    Net 109,131 vs 75,793
    Revs 1,811,636 vs 1,280,618
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5012>
Qtrly 15 cts vs 15 cts prior
    Pay May Eight
    Record April 24
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5013>
Shr loss 30 cts vs loss 20 cts
    Net loss 1,553,000 vs loss 1,031,000
    Revs 10.0 mln vs 8,696,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5015>
Shr loss six cts vs profit 55 cts
    Net loss 414,000 vs profit 3,936,000
    Sales 109.4 mln vs 126.8 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 1.75 dlrs vs profit 55 cts
    Net loss 12,589,000 vs profit 3,965,000
    Sales 341.7 mln vs 389.5 mln
    NOTE: Year results include 14.0 mln dlr restructuring
charge in 2nd Qtr of 1986
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5018>
Shr profit three cts vs loss 18 cts
    Net profit 124,000 vs loss 370,000
    Rev 11.3 mln vs 11.7 mln
    Avg shares 3,673,000 vs 2,368,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5021>
Qtly div 18 cts vs 18 cts prior
    Pay April 15
    Record March 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5029>
Shr 18 cts vs 16 cts
    Net 348,298 vs 308,927
    Sales 4,166,750 vs 3,740,970
    Year
    Shr 72 cts vs 52 cts
    Net 1,409,867 vs 1,020,096
    Sales 16.5 mln vs 15.0 mln
    Avg shrs 1,974,529 vs 1,956,214
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5034>
Shr loss 11 cts vs profit four cts
    Net loss 199,000 vs profit 81,000
    Rev 1.9 mln vs 2.5 mln
    Nine months
    Shr loss 14 cts vs profit 15 cts
    Net loss 261,000 vs profit 273,000
    Rev 6.4 mln vs 7.6 mln
    NOTE: Per share information adjusted for three-for-two
stock split on January 31, 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5042>
State-owned &lt;Banca Nazionale del Lavoro
BNL> said 1986 profits for its banking activities equalled 155
billion lire against 146 billion lire in 1985.
    Consolidated 1986 results for BNL, which also has interests
in tourism, public works, industrial credit and other sectors,
are expected to be announced later this year.
    The results for the banking sector are to be presented at a
shareholders meeting scheduled for April 29.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5043>
Shr loss one ct vs nil
    Net loss 148,007 vs loss 58,863
    Revs 198,919 vs 133,071
    Avg shrs 7,476,433 vs 6,633,989
    Year
    Shr loss three cts vs loss six cts
    Net loss 230,949 vs 424,719
    Revs 666,626 vs 509,971
    NOTE: Amounts include losses of a 50 pct owned scientific
development affiliate, Analytical Biosystems Corp.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5048>
Shr loss 31 cts vs loss eight cts
    Net loss 1,780,000 vs loss 449,000
    Revs 13.9 mln vs 17.8 mln
    NOTE: Current 1st qtr loss included a gain of 870,000 dlrs
and 70,000 dlrs from the sale of restaurant leases.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5050>
Shr loss 52 cts vs profit six cts
    Net loss 2,943,000 vs profit 334,000
    Revs 33.5 mln vs 18.5 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 1.57 dlrs vs profit 16 cts
    Net loss 8,781,000 vs profit 792,000
    Revs 116.0 mln vs 56.5 mln

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5051>
Shr loss two cts vs profit two cts
    Net loss 104,874 vs profit 90,470
    Sales 3,154,673 vs 1,666,313
    Nine mths
    Shr loss one cent vs profit four cts
    Net loss 39,169 vs profit 159,784
    Sales 8,250,003 vs 4,665,553
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5053>
Qtly div 1.4375 dlrs vs 1.4375 dlrs
    Pay May 1  
    Record April 3     
    Note: Dividend paid to all shareholders other than Norfolk
Southern Corp's &lt;NSC> Norfolk and Western Railway Co.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5054>
Qtly div class B 13.5 cts vs 13.5 cts
    Pay April 30
    Record April 9   
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5055>
Shr 36 cts vs 31 cts
    Shr diluted 32 cts vs 30 cts
    Net 26,158,000 vs 21,798,000
    Revs 1.05 billion vs 844.2 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.28 dlrs vs 1.22 dlrs
    Shr diluted 1.15 dlrs vs 1.08 dlrs
    Net 92,779,000 vs 77,971,000
    Revs 3.16 billion vs 2.70 billion
    Avg shrs 72.4 mln vs 64.0 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5058>
American City Business
Journals Inc said it declared an initial dividend of 15.4 cts a
share on its recent issue of 1.6 mln shares of convertible
exchangeable preferred stock.
    The dividend is payable March 31 to shareholders of record
March 20, American City said, adding that future dividends will
be paid on a quarterly basis.
    The preferred stock was issued on February 23.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5071>
Weyerhaeuser Co said it should
have significant increases in earnings in 1987 and 1988 should
be another very good year.
    Weyerhaeuser reported 1986 earnings of 276.7 mln dlrs, or
1.91 dlrs per share, on 5.65 billion dlrs in revenues.
    Anticipated improved cash flows will allow the company to
invest and acquire much more aggressively than it has in the
past few years, Weyerhaeuser also said.
    Weyerhaeuser, principally a lumber products company, said
the forecast was made by the company's chief financial officer
during a meeting of institutional investors in Tokyo.
    It also said its expects to see opportunities in the
building products area, particularly in composite panels and in
other engineered products directed toward specific, rather than
commodity, end-use markets.
    But it said growth may be higher in added-value products,
in financial services and in other diversified businesses.
    In addition, the company said rising product prices and
demand for pulp and paper are reflected in all the major world
markets, except in the case of some light-weighted paper grades
where overcapacity remains a problem.
    Weyerhaeuser further stated that it has lowered its
manufacturing cost structure and is obtaining significant
productivity increases.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5072>
Shr loss seven cts vs profit 12 cts
    Net loss 662,000 vs profit 1,520,000
    Revs 59.1 mln vs 63.1 mln
    Six mths
    Shr profit 23 cts vs profit 20 cts
    Net profit 2,802,000 vs profit 2,543,000
    Revs 138.5 mln vs 126.7 mln

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5076>
Shr loss two cts vs profit three cts
    Net loss 80,333 vs profit 67,967
    Revs 1,162,678 vs 1,009,731
    Avg shrs 3,317,104 vs 2,494.049
    year
    Shr loss 21 cts vs profit four cts
    Net loss 679,520 vs profit 96,724
    Revs 4,191,540 vs 4,702,999
    Avg shrs 3,242,641 vs 2,525,677
    NOTES: Revenues exclude hospital television rental business
sold Dec 29, 1986
    1986 losses in both periods include gain of 530,000 dlrs on
sale of discontinued business
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5078>
Shr loss 89 cts vs loss 21 cts
    Net loss 3,030,548 vs loss 548,442
    Revs 1,519,360 vs 1,081,915
    Avg shrs 3,399,993 vs 2,725,425
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5083>
Qtly div 27.5 cts vs 27.5 cts prior
    Pay March 31
    Record March 25
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5084>
Shr profit nil vs profit 38 cts
    Net profit 19,000 vs profit 1,239,000
    Revs 31.7 mln vs 31.2 mln
    12 mths
    Shr profit 52 cts vs loss three cts
    Net profit 2,173,000 vs loss 119,000
    Revs 103.5 mln vs 98.6 mln
    
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5085>
Qtly div 20 cts vs 20 cts previously
    Pay April 15
    Record March 23
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5086>
Qtrly seven cts vs six cts
    Pay April 20
    Record March 31
    NOTE: full name of company is Second National Building and
Loan.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5089>
Shr loss 5.67 dlrs vs loss 5.17 dlrs
    Net loss 17 mln vs loss 15.4 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 12.42 dlrs vs loss 9.60 dlrs
    Net loss 37.0 mln vs loss 28.5 mln
    NOTE: 1986 4th qtr and year net includes 11.9 mln dlr and
43.8 mln dlr provision, respectively, for possible land and
real estate losses. 1985 4th qtr and year net includes 5.1 mln
dlr and 13.4 mln dlr provision, respectively, for possible
losses.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5090>
Shr one ct vs three cts
    Net 123,000 vs 371,000
    Revs 2,944,000 vs 2,138,000
    Avg shrs 11.4 mln vs 11.6 mln
    Six mths
    Shr five cts vs six cts
    Net 531,000 vs 725,000
    Revs 6,200,000 vs 4,128,000
    Avg shrs 11.4 mln vs 11.6 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5092>
Varity Corp, formerly Massey-Ferguson
Ltd, said it expected to report on March 25 a loss for the
fourth quarter and full-year ended January 31.
    A company spokesman said specific figures were unavailable.
    Varity posted a net profit of 3.9 mln U.S. dlrs for the
previous fiscal year ended January 31, 1986 and a 3.3 mln dlr
net profit for the previous fourth quarter. Its net loss for
the nine months ended October 31 totaled 4.7 mln dlrs after a
19.7 mln dlr third quarter loss tied to strikes and plant
shutdowns at its British and French operations.
    Varity also said it would seek shareholder approval at a
special shareholders' meeting on April 9 to authorize a
transfer of values to the contributed surplus account on its
balance sheet from the stated capital account for common
shares.
    The spokesman said the move would help raise company values
required to pay dividends under Canadian law.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5095>
Oper shr 16 cts vs nine cts
    Oper net 2,281,000 vs 1,319,000
    Revs not given
    Year
    Oper shr 13 cts vs six cts
    Oper net 2,635,000 vs 1,775,000
    Revs 31.9 mln vs 31.7 mln
    Note: 1986 qtr excludes extraordinary loss of 1,155,000
dlrs or nine cts share, versus gain of 607,000 dlrs or five cts
shr
    Note continued: 1986 year excludes extraordinary loss of
3,101,000 dlrs or 25 cts share, versus extraordinary loss of
265,000 dlrs or two cts share
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5100>
Shr one cts vs two cts
    Net 50,000 vs 58,000
    Revs 467,000 vs 760,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5105>
Shr loss 12 cts vs profit one ct
    Net loss 1,815,000 vs profit 65,000
    Revs 59.9 mln vs 2,798,000
    Avg shrs 15.8 mln vs 9,775,000
    Year
    Shr loss 11 cts vs loss three cts
    Net loss 1,217,000 vs loss 324,000
    Revs 83.3 mln vs 3,195,000
    Avg shrs 11.2 mln vs 9,775,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5114>
Lifestyle Restaurants Inc said
revenues for the first quarter ended January 24, 1985, were
17.5 mln dlrs and not the 17.8 mln dlrs it had reported
earlier.
    The company also said a note attached to its earnings
concerning a gain in 1986 on certain sales was incorrect and
should be disregarded.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5126>
Micron Technology Inc said it
expects to record a net loss of about 11 mln dlrs in the second
quarter compared to a loss of 9.7 mln dlrs in the first quarter
and 9.8 mln dlrs in the year-ago second quarter.
    Revenues in the quarter ended March five increased to about
20.4 mln dlrs from 18.8 mln in the preceeding quarter and 9.4
mln dlrs in the year-ago quarter.
    The company makes semiconductors, memory components and
related products.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5128>
Oper shr 35 cts vs 34 cts
    Oper net 2,313,000 vs 1,646,000
    Revs 100.1 mln vs 77.3 mln
    Note: 1986 net excludes extraordinary loss of 294,000 dlrs
or four cts vs shr vs yr-ago loss of 579,000 dlrs or 12 cts
shr. 1986 net includes non-cash loss of 1,436,000 dlrs or 22
cts shr vs yr-ago loss of 1,922,000 dlrs or 39 cts shr from
depreciation and amortization allowances on U.S. cable TV
operation.
    Fewer shrs outstanding.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5172>
Automobiles Citroen expects rising
sales of its new AX compact car to help boost profits
significantly this year, continuing a financial recovery after
six straight years of losses, president Jacques Calvet said.
    Speaking to reporters during weekend trials for the new AX
sports model, he said: "All the budgetary forecasts that we have
been able to make ... Show a relatively significant improvement
in 1987, compared with 1986," he added.
    Citroen, part of the private Peugeot SA &lt;PEUP.PA> group,
increased its share of the French new car market to 13.7 pct in
first two months 1987 from 12.1 pct a year earlier. It is
aiming for an average 12.8 pct share throughout the year after
11.7 pct in 1986.
    The firm believes it is on target to raise its share of the
European market, excluding France, to 3.2 pct this year from
2.9 pct in 1986.
    "Our first problem is to produce enough vehicles to meet the
demand," Calvet said. "This is a relatively new problem for us."
    Citroen lost close to two billion francs in 1984 but cut
the deficit to 400 mln in 1985, helped by moves to modernise
its range and improve productivity.
    Calvet indicated last December he expected Citroen's 1986
profit to be between 250 and 500 million francs.
    This weekend he said that those profit estimates "remain
about the same -- perhaps even a little more optimistic."
    Some of this optimism is due to the early success of the
AX, launched on the French market last October. It will be
available throughout most of western Europe within four months.
    The car has registered just over 20,000 sales.
    It is being built at Citroen's large plant at Aulnay-sous-
Bois in northern Paris, as well as at Rennes in Brittany and
Vigo in Spain, with production just reaching target level of
1,000 cars a day.
    The car, which Citroen markets as an intermediate model
between its long-running 2CV and the Visa, is designed to
compete with the Renault 5, Volkswagen Polo and Opel Corsa.
    The AX had built up its market share in France to around
four pct last month. Calvet said: "Our hope is that once the AX
is fully developed, we will have between 6.5 and seven per cent
of the national market."
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5188>
Year to December 31, 1986
    Net profit 78 mln N.Z. Dlrs vs 45 mln
    Pre-tax profit 147 mln vs 88 mln
    Total assets 7.7 billion vs 6.4 billion
    Notes - The company is 100 pct owned by Lloyds Bank Plc
&lt;LLOY.L>. Results include for the time first a pre-tax profit,
of 11 mln N.Z. Dlrs, from Australian unit &lt;Lloyds Bank NZA
Ltd>.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5210>
The extended decline in Japan's overall
business performance was likely to bottom out in the current
January-March quarter, the Finance Ministry said.
    Improved corporate earnings and better prospects for the
stability of the yen had made companies more optimistic, it
said after carrying out a quarterly survey.
    The survey, conducted in February, was based on
questionnaires returned by 8,328 large and small firms in all
sectors except the finance and insurance industries.
    The survey said overall corporate earnings were expected to
turn positive with an estimated 0.4 pct year on year increase
in the second half of fiscal 1986 ending on March 31 after a
5.4 pct decrease in the first half.
    Corporate earnings will grow further in the first half of
fiscal 1987, rising an estimated 10.7 pct, it added.
    Manufacturers' earnings, hit hard by the yen's steady rise
against the dollar, will rise 7.7 pct in first-half fiscal 1987
after falling 10.7 pct in the second half of fiscal 1986, it
said.
    Overall earnings of non-manufacturing companies will rise
11.8 pct year on year in the first half of fiscal 1987 after
growing 9.8 pct in the second half of fiscal 1986, the survey
said.
    It said this figure was bolstered by profits of firms such
as electric power and gas companies which have benefitted from
the yen's appreciation.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5219>
Shr 37.4p vs 30p.
    Final div 7p, making 12p vs 10p.
    Pre-tax profit 121.1 mln stg vs 109.3 mln.
    Net profit before minorities 76.6 mln stg vs 62.8 mln.
    Turnover 952.6 mln vs 970.1 mln.
    Pre-interest profit 132.1 mln vs 124.6 mln.
    Net interest 11 mln vs 15.3 mln.
    Tax 44.5 mln vs 46.5 mln.
    Minority interests 3.1 mln vs 5.2 mln.
    Extraordinary debit 9.1 mln vs credit 11.5 mln.
    Note - Extraordinary debit reflected full provision for
discontinuing the Financial Times's printing operations at
Bracken House in 1988, partly offset by gains on disposals.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5222>
French machinery maker &lt;Poclain>, 40 pct
owned by &lt;Tenneco Inc>, said it will raise its capital to 791
mln francs from 91 mln by a 100 for 13 rights offering to
shareholders priced at par of 10 francs a share.
    The offer, between March 25 and April 13, is the second
stage of a capital restructuring plan announced in December
under which Tenneco will become Poclain's majority shareholder.
    In the first stage Poclain reduced its capital to 91 mln
from 455 mln by reducing the nominal value of its shares to 10
francs from 50.
    Poclain traded Friday on the Paris Bourse at 38.20 francs.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5228>
&lt;Cie Bancaire>, a subsidiary of recently
privatised banking group Cie Financiere de Paribas &lt;PARI.PA>,
said it is issuing 2.35 mln new 100 francs nominal shares on
the basis of one for five already held.
    The operation will begin on March 31, a spokesman said.
    Cie Bancaire also said it has increased its capital to 1.41
billion francs from 1.17 billion by the incorporation of 237.74
mln francs of reserves.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5250>
Pearson Plc &lt;PSON.L> said the recent
sale of its Fairey Engineering companies, in a 51.5 mln stg
management buy-out, was part of its policy of concentrating on
four key sectors.
    In a statement with its 1986 results, the company said its
information and entertainments sector's Financial Times, FT,
newspaper had record sales and profits.
    The FT is subject to a 70 mln stg investment programme,
with the printing and publishing operation moving to a new
plant in the London docklands next year.
    Its other key sectors are merchant banking, oil and china.
    Commenting on its Camco Inc oil service subsidiary, Pearson
said it believes the oil business setback is only temporary.
    The group has been acquiring oil properties in both the
U.S. And Britain which will begin to make a significant impact
on profits in the 1990s.
    Far East operations of fine china subsidiary Royal Doulton
Ltd are being expanded in the wake of record recent sales in
Japan, it added.
    Pearson reported 1986 pre-tax profit of 121.1 mln stg, up
from 109.3 mln in 1985. Turnover fell to 953 mln from 970 mln.
  REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5257>
Shr 17.15p vs 12.37p
    Final dividend 5.5p, making 7.5p vs 6.2p
    Pre-tax profit 39.4 mln stg vs 29.7 mln.
    Turnover 543.2 mln stg vs 481.5 mln
    Operating profit 48.2 mln stg vs 38.2 mln
    Net interest 8.9 mln vs 8.6 mln
    Tax 14.3 mln vs 11.2 mln
    Profit after tax 25.1 mln vs 18.4 mln
    Minority interest 300,000 vs 615,000
    Net tangible assets per ordinary shr 111.3p vs 101.6p
    REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5264>
Shr 25.7p vs 21.5p
    Div 6p vs 4p
    Pretax profit 24.13 mln stg vs 16.40 mln
    Net after tax 15.08 mln vs 10.52
    Extraordinary credit 8.71 mln stg vs nil
    Turnover 140.8 mln vs 96.55
    Note - The extraordinary item comprises profit less losses
on the sale of certain subsidiaries less related tax and
minority interests.
    Pretax profit comprises -
    Securities and money broking 15.44 mln stg vs 10.75 mln
    Personal financial services 3.6 mln vs 735,000 stg
    Media 3.74 mln vs 3.16 mln
    Market reserch 912,000 stg vs 732,000
    Net interest 438,000 vs 1.03 mln
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5276>
Bearer shares of Schweizerische
Aluminium AG &lt;ALUZ.Z> (Alusuisse) fell sharply as trading
resumed after a one-day suspension on Friday, when the firm
disclosed plans for a capital cut.
    The bearers, held mainly by foreign investors, dropped 30
Swiss francs to 460. But volume was not particularly heavy.
Registered shares were less affected, slipping five to 165. The
participation certificates fell to 43 francs from 45.50.
    Alusuisse made a net loss of 688 mln francs, after a
restated 756 mln loss in 1985, and set a 50 pct capital cut.
The company said it could break even this year.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5283>
Banca della Svizzera Italiana &lt;BISZ.Z>
said it planned a one-for-12 rights issue at 300 pct of nominal
value to raise about 50 mln francs new capital.
    The rights issue would have a theoretical value to
shareholders of 140 Swiss francs per bearer share and 45 per
registered share.
    BSI was also seeking shareholder authorization for 200,000
new participation certificates of a nominal value of 100 francs
without rights for shareholders, to back future convertible or
warrant bonds or for other purposes. Existing 500-franc "B"
tranche certificates would be split five-for-one.
    The split would improve the marketability of the existing
certificates, chief executive Giorgio Ghiringhelli told a news
conference.
    The new bearer shares would be priced at 1,500 francs,
compared with a closing price last Friday of 3,325 on the
Zurich Stock Exchange, while the registered shares would be
issued at 300 francs against a market price of 900.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5295>
ZIM Energy Corp said it has entered
into an agreement for a group consisting of &lt;Strategy and
Development Inc>, &lt;Norsk Vikingolje A/S> of Oslo and MIS Gas
Corp -- which already owns one third of ZIM -- to buy 15 to 20
mln new common shares at 20 cts each in association with &lt;Polo
Energy Corp> and &lt;Jaguar Petroleum Corp>.
    The company said the investor group also bought about 6.3
mln shares from ZIM management. It said James Mitchell, William
Richardson and Steven Duin have resigned as officers and
directors.
    ZIM said Chemclear Inc &lt;CMCL> has unilaterally canceled an
agreement to merge with ZIM, and ZIM's board is studying the
possiblity of a claim against Chemclear.
    The company said it expects to report a loss for the year
of about 3,125,000 dlrs due to lower oil and natural gas
prices, unsuccessful well workover programs and excessive
overhead and corporate expenses. It said it plans a dramatic
reduction in overhead costs that should improve results.
    The company said Michel Billard has been named chairman and
Robert Berckmans has been named president and chief executive,
and Berckmans and two others have joined the board.
    ZIM said it has agreed to acquire the remaining interest in
its Buccaneer and Blue Dolphin Pipeline affiliates for about
one mln dlrs in cash and stock.  It gave no further details.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5296>
Bluefield Supply Co said its
board declared its second liquidating dividend of 1.71 dlrs per
share, payable March 16 to shareholders of record March 13.
    The company paid an initial liquidating dividend of 15.75
dlrs per share on January Eight.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5297>
Shr 33 cts vs 48 cts
    Shr diluted 33 cts vs 44 cts
    Net 4,435,000 vs 6,410,000
    Revs 839.3 mln vs 751.8 mln
    1st half
    Shr 55 cts vs 94 cts
    Shr diluted 55 cts vs 88 cts
    Net 7,374,000 vs 12.6 mln
    Revs 1.68 billion vs 1.51 billion
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5300>
Joule' Inc said its board declared
a three-for-two stock split, payable April 30, record March 31.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5308>
Shr 35 cts vs 44 cts
    Net 1,311,000 vs 1,619,000
    Revs 125.2 mln vs 117.2 mln
    NOTE: American Building Maintenance Industries Inc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5312>
Shr 32 cts vs 21 cts
    Net 4,717,000 vs 2,587,000
    Revs 72.9 mln vs 37.9 mln
    Avg shrs 14.7 mln vs 12.6 mln
    Year
    Oper shr 75 cts vs 41 cts
    Oper net 10.7 mln vs 4,642,000
    Revs 188.9 mln vs 106.6 mln
    Avg shrs 14.2 mln vs 1.4 mln
    NOTE: 1985 year net excludes 495,000 dlr tax credit.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5313>
Shr profit 17 cts vs loss two cts
    Net profit 520,000 vs loss 51,000
    Sales 11.1 mln vs 6,897,000
    1st half
    Shr profit 34 cts vs profit 12 cts
    Net profit 951,000 vs profit 320,000
    Sales 20.6 mln vs 14.9 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5314>
Shr 16 cts vs 22 cts
    Net 1,574,000 vs 1,725,000
    Sales 104.2 mln vs 116.0 mln
    Avg shrs 10.1 mln vs eight mln
    1st half
    Shr 37 cts vs 37 cts
    Net 3,675,000 vs 2,925,000
    Sales 244.5 mln vs 230.6 mln
    Avg shrs 10.0 mln vs eight mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5316>
Shr profit two cts vs loss 16 cts
    Net profit 558,000 vs loss 580,000
    Sales 66.2 mln vs 29.5 mln
    Avg shrs 4,476,000 vs 3,615,000
    Year
    Shr loss 61 cts vs loss 79 cts
    Net loss 1,760,000 vs loss 2,180,000
    Sales 158.4 mln vs 76.3 mln
    Avg shrs 4,475,000 vs 2,751,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5317>
Shr profit four cts vs loss two cts
    Net profit 247,970 vs loss 57,341
    Revs 2,393,622 vs 2,627,612
    Avg shrs 5,958,423 vs 2,440,100
    Year
    Shr profit 71 cts vs loss 35 cts
    Net profit 3,213,310 vs loss 849,180
    Revs 14,571,434 vs 9,099,767
    Avg shrs 6,177,666 vs 2,440,083
    NOTE: 1986 earnings include a loss from carryforward of
investment tax credits of 85,000 dlrs in the quarter and a gain
of 250,000 dlrs, or four cts a share for the year
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5321>
Shr profit nine cts vs loss 58 cts
    Net profit 738,000 vs loss 4,643,000
    Sales 50.9 mln vs 43.8 mln
    Year
    Shr profit 1.50 dlrs vs loss 61 cts
    Net profit 12.1 mln vs loss 4,875,000
    Sales 195.3 mln vs 174.2 mln
    NOTE: 1985 net both periods includes 4,952,000 dlr
provision for plant closing.
    1985 net includes gains on sale of West Los Angeles real
estate of 650,000 dlrs in quarter and 1,471,000 dlrs in year.
    1986 year net includes gains on sale of West Los Angeles
real estate of 9,903,000 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5327>
Shr profit seven cts vs loss five cts
    Net profit 303,000 vs loss 205,000
    Revs 16,945,000 vs 7,695,000
    Nine mths
    Shr profit 27 cts vs profit 19 cts
    Net profit 1,161,000 vs profit 787,000
    Revs 39.2 mln vs 22.8 mln
    NOTE: Profits include gains of 130,000 dlrs, or three cts a
share, in quarter and 490,000 dlrs, or 11 cts a share, vs
52,000 dlrs, or one cent a share, in nine months from tax loss
carryforward
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5328>
Banca della Svizzera Italiana &lt;BISZ.Z>
said it expected business to be good again this year after
1986's 15.2 pct increase in net profit to 42 mln Swiss francs.
    Chief Executive Giorgio Ghiringhelli told reporters he
expected almost all important sectors to expand well in 1987.
An important exception would be its securities business, which
would grow more slowly.
    Ghiringhelli also said the bank planned to convert its
representation in London into a subsidiary at the end of this
year and further expand activities at its New York subsidiary,
particularly in private banking.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5339>
Oper shr profit 17 cts vs profit 10 cts
    Oper net profit 5,146,000 vs profit 2,691,000
    Revs 269.5 mln vs 274.4 mln
    Avg shrs 20.5 mln vs 17.0 mln
    Nine mths
    Oper shr profit 14 cts vs loss 45 cts
    Oper net profit 4,131,000 vs loss 7,148,000
    Revs 802.8 mln vs 766.0 mln
    Avg shrs 20.4 mln vs 16.9 mln
    NOTE: Net excludes discontinued operations loss 1,667,000
dlrs vs profit 42,000 dlrs in quarter and loss 2,123,000 dlrs
vs profit 1,334,000 dlrs in nine mths.
    Net excludes gains on insurance recovery of 54,000 dlrs vs
91,000 dlrs in quarter and 1,289,000 dlrs vs 218,000 dlrs in
nine mths.
    Prior year net excludes 1,103,000 dlr loss from change in
accounting for textiles inventories.
    Prior year results for discontinuance of apparel segment
and change in accounting for textile inventories.
    Share adjusted for stock dividends.
    Net includes pretax unrealized loss provision recoveries
related to marketable securities of 580,000 dlrs vs 824,000
dlrs in quarter and recovery 640,000 dlrs vs provision 366,000
dlrs in nine mths.
    Prior nine mths net includes pretax gain on sale of
marketable securities of 493,000 dlrs.
    Net includes tax credits 5,738,000 dlrs vs 494,000 dlrs in
quarter and credit 4,194,000 dlrs vs provision 11.2 mln dlrs in
nine mths.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5342>
Shr loss 2.70 dlrs vs loss 25 cts
    Net loss 60.6 mln vs loss 3,122,000
    Revs 101.0 mln vs 167.7 mln
    Note: 1986 includes charge of 44.1 mln dlrs due to
writedown of oil and gas interests, writeoff of goodwill and
patents, provision against disposal of surplus inventory,
losses on disposition of operating units and writedown of
assets held for disposal.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5345>
With the April 15 tax return deadline
less than a month away, confused taxpayers will be converging
on H and R Block Inc's offices to interpret the new tax codes.
    Financial results for the nation's largest tax preparer are
expected to be good in fiscal 1987 but next year could be a
"bonanza," analysts say.
    "For the short term the key word is confusion, Block Vice
President Tom Bloch said in an interview. "When Congress
drastically changes laws, confusion results and tax preparers
benefit," Bloch said.
    "Next year, when taxpayers take the new forms and place
them side by side to compare them, more people will throw their
hands up and say 'I'm going to get help,'" he said.
"Tax forms will look very different next year," he added.
    Kidder Peabody analyst Herbert Buchbinder expects Block's
fiscal 1987 year (to end April 30) to show good gains over
fiscal 1986 earnings of 60.1 mln dlrs or 2.41 dlrs a share on
revenues of 606.7 mln dlrs. He estimates Block's fiscal 1987
earnings at 2.75 to 2.80 dlrs.
    "Next year, Block could have a bonanza," Buchbinder said.
Based on estimates of a larger work force, Block could show a
gain of more than five pct in tax forms prepared, he said. In
the 1986 tax season, Block prepared 9,215,300 U.S. tax returns,
up 1.5 pct over the previous year.
    The Internal Revenue Service estimates about 100 mln
individual income tax returns will be filed for the 1987 tax
season, up from last year's 94 mln forms. Professional tax
preparers accounted for just over 43 million forms, according
to the IRS.
    For the longer term, while confusion will continue to bring
clients into Block's 8,866 tax preparation offices worldwide,
there are some changes in the act that will have a negative
effect, Bloch conceded.
    Certain changes in filing requirements will shorten the tax
return, and in some cases, simplify the form, he noted. In
addition, some low income wage earners will be taken off the
tax rolls, he said.
    Block is currently analyzing its price structure to try to
offset some of the negatives. Last tax season, the average cost
for each return in the U.S. amounted to 48.05 dlrs and 45.73
dlrs worldwide, Bloch said. This tax season, rates will be up
about three or four pct, in line with the inflation rate, he
said.
    Block expects "some expansion" this tax season of its
electronic filing system which directly feeds into the IRS and
can speed up the refund process. Block can choose where and by
how much it wants to expand into the seven cities made
available for the direct filing by the IRS, Bloch noted.
    The IRS estimates about 90,000 returns will be directly
filed this tax season, up from the 26,000 returns injected in
the 1986 tax season.
    First Kansas City analyst Jonathan Braatz said that Block
will benefit greatly from lower tax rates in fiscal 1988.
    Braatz expects Block's advertising budget to be about the
same as last year which will be helped a bit by lower costs for
television ads. "They may get a little more bang for their
buck," he said.
    He estimates Block has about 150 mln dlrs cash on its
balance sheet sheet, and says if interest rates rise it could
be of great benefit to them.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5346>
Qtly div eight cts vs five cts prior
    Pay April 24
    Record April Three
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5351>
Marion Laboratories Inc said
its board declared a two-for-one common stock split in the form
of a dividend, with distribution April 21, record March 25.
    The board also said it intends to increase the regular
quarterly dividend by 43 pct, to five cts a share, reflecting
the split. It said the increase will be declared at the May
1987 board meeting and reflected in regular payments beginning
in July 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5354>
Ended Jan three
    Shr profit five cts vs NA
    Net profit 58,088 vs loss 279,718
    Revs 6,310,841 vs 5,468,893
    Year
    Shr profit 12 cts vs loss 74 cts
    Net profit 126,321 vs loss 773,090
    Revs 23.1 mln vs 19.1 mln
    NOTE: Loss per share not given for quarter.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5355>
Qtr ends Feb 28
    Shr 37 cts vs 35 cts
    Net 4,346,000 vs 4,202,000
    Revs 232,006,000 vs 223,151,000
    
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5356>
Shr 52 cts vs 25 cts
    Net 5,154,000 vs 2,496,000
    Revs 17.7 mln vs 14.4 mln
    Nine months
    Shr 1.16 dlrs vs 70 cts
    Net 11.5 mln seven mln
    Revs 50.3 mln vs 41.2 mln
    NOTE: 1987 periods include pretax investment income
of 2.9 mln dlrs in capital gains distributions from mutual fund
investment.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5358>
Net 3.1 mln vs not given
    Note: results not comparable with last year due to November
1986 acquisition of Bank of British Columbia.
    Subsidiary of &lt;Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corp>
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5359>
Oper shr profit 45 cts vs profit 56 cts
    Oper net profit 1,492,000 vs profit
    1,842,000
    Sales 36.5 mln vs 38.5 mln
    Year
    Oper shr profit 48 cts vs loss 2.44 dlrs
    Oper net profit 1,596,000 vs loss 8,084,000
    Sales 131.1 mln vs 144.5 mln
    NOTE: 1986 year net includes pretax provision for loss on
sale of subsidiary of 1,600,000 dlrs.
    1985 year net includes pretax loss 6,600,000 dlrs from
plant closing provision.
    1986 net excludes tax credits of 1,295,000 dlrs in quarter
and 2,712,000 dlrs in year.
    1986 net both periods excludes charge 9,400,000 dlrs for
estimated settlement and expenses connected with Chapter 11
bankruptcy.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5366>
Salant Corp said it and its Thomson Co
Inc and Obion Co Inc subsidiaries have filed a joint
reorganization plan with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court and expect
to emerge from Chapter 11 bankruptcy in the near future.
    The company said a hearing on the adequacy of the
associated disclosure plan is scheduled for April Nine and
completion of the plan is subject to approval by creditors,
equity security holders and the bankruptcy court.
    Salant said it has reached agreement for Ray W. williams to
continue as president and chief executive officer for five
years from the effective date of the reorganization plan and
has substantially concluded talks for a new 15 mln dlr
unsecured credit, effective the same date.
    The company said the committee of its unsecured creditgors
and the committee of its equity security holders have approved
the terms of the plan.  As previously announced, creditors will
receive 450 mln dlrs in cash, 500 dlrs of 13-1/4 pct senior
subordinated debentures and four common shares for each 1,000
dlrsd of allowed unsecured claims.
    Salant today reported earnings for the year ended November
29 of 1,596,000 dlrs, after a 1,600,000 dlr pretax provision
for loss on the sale of a subsidiary but before a 9,400,000 dlr
post-tax charge attributable to costs and expenses of Chapter
11 and the settlement of pre-Chapter 11 claims, as well as a
2,712,000 dlr tax credit.
    A year before, it lost 8,084,000 dlrs after a 6,600,000 dlr
pretax provision for plant closings.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5367>
Shr 11 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 1,965,577 vs 2,474,357
    Revs 38.3 mln vs 34.7 mln
    1st half
    Shr 61 cts vs 22 cts
    Net 11.3 mln vs 4,132,129
    Revs 84.4 mln vs 66.2 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5377>
Endotronics Inc said it expects to
incur "substantial losses" for the second quarter ending March
31 and fiscal year ending Sept 30, 1987.
    As one factor behind the anticipated loss, Endotronics
cited a dispute by one of its Japanese distributors, &lt;Yamaha
Inc>, over payment of a 3,686,000 dlr promissory note.
    In a Form 8-K filing with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, Endotronics said the note was for overdue accounts
receivable from sales of instruments to Yamaha and another
Japanese distributor during the company's 1986 fiscal year.
    Endotronics said at its present reduced level of operations
it will exhaust all currently available cash and credit
facilities in early May 1987. It said this assumes full use of
the remaining 1,250,000 dlrs available under a line of credit
from Celanese Corp, which requires approval of Celanese Corp
&lt;CZ>.
    The company said its ability to obtain funding was
adversely affected by a suit filed March 4 by two of its
shareholders seeking to represent a class of holders against
three officers of Endotronics.
    Endotronics said the complaint against it alleges
violations of the federal securities laws in connection with
statements made in the company's annual and quarterly reports.
    The company also said the Securities Division of the
Minnesota Department of Commerce is conducting an inquiry into
the company's Japanese sales for fiscal 1986 and trading by
insiders and brokers in the company's common shares.
    It said similar inquiries are being conducted by the
Securities and Exchange Commission. The investigations will
hurt the company's ability to obtain funding, it said.
    As a result of the dispute over payment of the promissory
note, the law suit challenging its financial data and the
various investigations concerning insider trading, the company
said it no longer expects that anticipated declines in
instrument sales in Japan in fiscal 1987 will be offset by
increased instrument sales in other foreign countries and the
United States.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5385>
Lowrance Electronics Inc said
results from operations in the third and fourth quarter may not
be comparable to the first and second quarters, which were
strong because of orders for new sonar equipment.
    For the six months ended Jan 31, the company reported net
income almost tripled to 951,000 dlrs or 34 cts a share as
sales rose 38 pct to 20.6 mln dlrs.
    The company, which went public Dec 23, also said it expects
to be able to fill back orders from the first two quarters
because of improved supply of computer chip components.
  
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5390>
Capitol Bancorp said it expects to
restate its results for 1986 to a loss of about one mln dlrs
due to a reclassification of loans recommended by auditor Ernst
and Whinney.
    The company said the restatement also reflects a
substantial increase in reserves of its principal subsidiary,
Capitol Bank and Trust Co.
    It said it expects to earn 2,250,000 to 2,750,000 dlrs for
the first quarter of 1987.
    Capitol said to maintain an adequate capital ratio it will
seek additional equity capital in the near future.
    It also said it has delayed its annual meeting until May
due to the restatement of annual earnings.
    Capitol said its board raised the quarterly dividend to 23
cts from 22 cts a share, payable April 28, record MArch 31.
    The company originally reported 1986 earnings of 7,700,000
dlrs.  It earned 3,848,000 dlrs in last year's first quarter.
    The annual meeting had been scheduled for the second week
of April.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5402>
Net 38 mln vs 5.7 mln
    Revs 1.71 billion vs 1.69 billion
    NOTE: Fully owned subsidiary of Hoechst AG.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5407>
Oper shr 42 cts vs 11 cts
    Oper net 1,433,000 vs 382,000
    Revs 38.6 mln vs 20.1 mln
    Year
    Oper shr 60 cts vs 49 cts
    Oper net 2,033,000 vs 1,682,000
    Revs 90.4 mln vs 73.0 mln
    NOTE: 1985 4th qtr and year excludes extraordinary credit
of 349,000 dlrs or 11 cts per share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5410>
Net profit 34 mln dlrs vs 43 mln dlrs.
    Turnover 1.82 billion dlrs vs 1.83 billion.
    NOTE: Company lowered to nine pct from 13.5 pct interest
rate on outstanding subordinated loan for period august 1,
1987, to July 31, 1988.
    TBG, formerly known as &lt;Thyssen-Bornemisza Group>, reports
in dlrs since December 1, 1984, the start of the 1985 financial
year.
    TBG said the decline in profits was mainly caused by losses
in container rental activities.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5414>
Qtly div 20 cts vs 16 cts prior
    Pay April 24
    Record April 10
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5415>
Jan 31 end
    Shr 31 cts vs 44 cts
    Net 5,705,000 vs 8,101,000
    Revs 50.6 mln vs 67.2 mln
    1st half
    Shr 63 cts vs 71 cts
    Net 11.6 mln vs 13.2 mln
    Revs 80.9 mln vs 105.2 mln
    NOTE: Current half net includes 750,000 dlr charge from
reorganization.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5416>
Period ended January 31.
    Shr loss 22 cts vs profit one ct
    Net loss 4,700,000 vs profit 150,000
    Sales 15.0 mln vs 16.7 mln
    Avg shrs 21,538,000 vs 19,259,000
    Note: Prior qtr figures include gain of 1.1 mln dlrs, or
six cts per share, from discontinued operations.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5417>
Period ended Jan 31
    Oper shr two cts vs eight cts
    Oper net 96,000 vs 449,000
    Sales 37.6 mln vs 35.8 mln
    Avg shrs 5,317,900 vs 5,689,277
    NOTE: Full name is Diversified Industries Inc
    Earnings exclude gains from utilization of tax loss
carryforwards of 62,000 dlrs, or one ct a share vs 358,000
dlrs, or six cts a share
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5422>
Oper shr loss 20 cts vs loss 19 cts
    Oper net loss 7,001,000 vs loss 6,761,000
    Revs 93.0 mln vs 90.6 mln
    Avg shrs 35.2 mln vs 34.8 mln
    Year
    Oper shr profit 10 cts vs profit 65 cts
    Oper net profit 3,419,000 vs profit 22.6 mln
    Revs 381.7 mln vs 385.0 mln
    Avg shrs 33.8 mln vs 34.9 mln
    NOTE: Net excludes debt retirement gain 2,001,000 dlrs vs
loss 316,000 dlrs in quarter and losses 15.9 mln dlrs vs
1,714,000 dlrs in year.
    1986 net includes tax crdits of 2,942,000 dlrs in quarter
and 2,729,000 dlrs in year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5423>
Oppenheimer Industries Inc said it
expects to report a loss for the year ended January 31 of about
980,000 dlrs, compared with a profit of 211,074 dlrs a year
before.
    The company blamed the loss on the continuing depression in
agriculture, the discontinuance of several programs due to the
passage if the 1986 tax bill and the failure to close the sale
of four ranches in the California Carrizo Plains during the
year as expected.
    The company said the prospective purchaser forfieted a
500,000 dlr deposit  It said it is in talks on a new contract.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5426>
Shr 31 cts vs 26 cts
    Net 5,645,000 vs 4,737,000
    Sales 55.2 mln vs 50.6 mln
    1st half
    Shr 60 cts vs 53 cts
    Net 10.9 mln vs 9,659,000
    Sales 110.4 mln vs 102.2 mln
    NOTE: Current year net both periods includes 474,000 dlr
gain from land sale.
    Share adjusted for three-for-two split in August 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5429>
Tesco Plc &lt;TSCO.L> said in a statement
it expects pre-tax profits of 166 mln stg for the year ending
February 28, 1987, before nine mln stg of net property profits.
This compares with 122.9 mln stg pretax profits and a net 8.1
mln on property sales the previous year. It said the forecast
was in its formal offer document sent to &lt;Hillards Plc>
shareholders today.
    On March 10 Tesco launched a 151.4 mln stg bid for
Hillards. The offer, of 13 new Tesco ordinary shares for every
20 Hillards ordinary shares, valued each Hillards ordinary
share at 305.5p.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5431>
Business Computer Solutions Inc said it
expects to report a profit for the fourth quarter ended
February 28 -- its first quarterly profit ever -- of about
175,000 dlrs on revenues of about 750,000 dlrs.
    A year before, it lost 217,852 dlrs on sales of 469,274
dlrs.  The company attributed the improved results to increased
purchases of its ZFOUR language and development environment for
computer software.
    Business Computer said it expects to report a full-year
loss of about 500,000 dlrs on sales of about 2,100,000 dlrs.
Last year it lost 1,079,000 dlrs on revenues of 720,000 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5437>
Shr 2.27 dlrs vs 74 cts
    Net 4,945,989 vs 1,612,624
    Revs 28.2 mln vs 27.9 mln
    Six mths
    Shr 1.57 dlrs vs three cts
    Net 3,417,659 vs 73,614
    Revs 47.0 mln vs 46.8 mln
    NOTE: Current periods include pretax gain of 4.3 mln dlrs
from sale of leasehold of Glen Oaks store in Queens, N.Y. and
gain of 1.9 mln dlrs from benefit of tax loss carryforwards.
    Year-ago six mths includes gain of 95,988 dlrs from refund
of prior year's real estate taxes.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5438>
Oper shr 16 cts vs 14 cts
    Oper net 5,818,000 vs 5,284,000
    Revs 88.2 mln vs 69.7 mln
    Year
    Oper shr 96 cts vs one dlr
    Oper net 36,101,000 vs 37,375,000
    Revs 374.0 mln vs 307.0 mln
    Note: Current qtr and year figures exclude extraordinary
losses on early debt retirement of 1.7 mln dlrs, or five cts
per share and 7.9 mln dlrs, or 21 cts per share, respectively.
    Full name Circus Circus Enterprises Inc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5440>
National Fuel Gas Co said its mail
date for its previously-announced two-for-one stock split is
June 19, 1987.
    The company, which announced the split last week, had said
the record date for the split is May 29, 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5443>
Tofutti Brands Inc said it is
changing its fiscal year to a calendar year from a year ending
July 31, and it expects to be profitable on higher sales in
1987.
    The company lost 658,000 dlrs on sales of 11.6 mln dlrs in
the year ended July 31.  A company spokesman said Tofutti will
be reporting earnings for the last five months of calendar 1986
by the end of March and will then report calendar first quarter
results.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5444>
Shr two cts vs eight cts
    Net 270,000 vs 1,212,000
    Revs 1,858,000 vs 1,420,000
    Avg shrs 16,817,618 vs 12,507,671
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5451>
Shr four cts vs two cts
    Net 240,902 vs 106,054
    Revs 3,408,481 vs 2,566,769
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5452>
Oper shr loss one ct vs loss 11 cts
    Oper net profit 89,000 vs loss 323,000
    Revs 9,603,000 vs 6,116,000
    Year
    Oper shr loss six cts vs loss 21 cts
    Oper net profit 158,000 vs loss 629,000
    Revs 34.6 mln vs 22.8 mln
    NOTE: 1986 net excludes tax credits of 170,000 dlrs in
quarter and 321,000 dlrs in year and gains on termination of
pension plan of 82,000 dlrs in quarter and 190,000 dlrs in
year.
    Share after preferred dividends.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5454>
Cambridge Analytical Associates Inc said
it expects to incur a loss for the first quarter of fiscal 1987
equal to or greater than its loss of 240,697 dlrs for the
fourth quarter ended December 31, 1986.
    Cambridge said it expects revenues for the first quarter to
be approximately the same as those recorded for the fourth
quarter ended December 31, 1986, of 1,025,961 dlrs.
    Cambridge recorded a profit of 2,204 dlrs on revenues of
847,000 dlrs for the first quarter of fiscal 1986, the company
said.
    The company attributed the expected loss to lower than
expected sales from its laboratory and consulting business and
planned major investment in its proprietary treatment
technology.
    The company said winter is traditionally its slowest
season.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5456>
U.S. Based speciality food retailer &lt;Mrs
Fields Inc>, which earlier announced pre-tax profits of 17.1
mln dlrs in 1986 against 6.8 mln in 1985, said it plans further
growth this year with the opening of 125 new stores in the U.S.
    The company, which is quoted on London's Unlisted
Securities Market (USM), said it also planned to expand its
outlets internationally.
    However, chairman Randall Fields told a news conference the
company would not move into any new countries during 1987 but
would intensify its efforts where it already had stores.
    During 1986 the company opened 81 new stores, including 76
in the U.S., Two in Australia and one each in Japan, Canada and
the U.K.
    "We intend to open a minimum of five more units in London
for example and it is reasonable that we might open other
stores in other European countries in 1988," Fields said.
    He said the company acquired competitive businesses as a
matter of routine, and might add others in 1987, but declined
to say how much the company planned to spend on them.
    Last year turnover rose by 20.8 pct to 87.1 mln dlrs from
72.6 mln dlrs in 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5461>
Shr loss five cts vs loss 17 cts
    Net loss 154,654 vs loss 419,606
    Revs 517,699 vs 374,108
    Year
    Shr loss 28 cts vs loss 56 cts
    Net loss 821,979 vs loss 1,368,591
    Revs 1,650,657 vs 1,285,473
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5464>
Shr primary 28 cts vs 22 cts
    Shr diluted 26 cts vs 21 cts
    Net 8,637,000 vs 6,577,000
    Sales 140.3 mln vs 116.8 mln
    Year
    Shr primary 92 cts vs 77 cts
    Shr diluted 88 cts vs 75 cts
    Net 28.3 mln vs 23.1 mln
    Sales 588.4 mln vs 479 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5470>
Group profit after net financial items 1.39 billion crowns
    vs 1.32 billion
    Sales 15.22 billion crowns vs 12.61 billion
    Profit per share 20.50 crowns vs 19.60
    Proposed dividend five crowns vs 4.40
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5473>
&lt;Royal Trustco Ltd>, in a move unique
among Canadian trust companies, is pursuing a bold global
expansion that could someday lift the foreign share of its
yearly earnings to 50 pct, president Michael Cornelissen said.
    First Marathon Securities Ltd financial services analyst
Michael Walsh said Royal Trust's international growth target is
attainable. But it "will be a tremendous achievement because
... they're going to have to build an international earnings
base larger than the earnings of a lot of significant domestic
trust companies," Walsh said.
    Global operations, which made up 22 pct of Royal Trust's
154 mln dlr 1986 net profit, will post 33 pct profit growth
this year against an expected 15 pct jump in total company
profit, Cornelissen told Reuters in an interview.
    He said the foreign share of total profit would rise to 26
pct in 1987 and to 44 pct by 1990.
    Royal Trust, Canada's second largest trust company with
assets of about 19.54 billion Canadian dlrs, has operated
internationally since 1929 when it opened a London bank.
    Its aggressive global strategy began in the 1980s, when
other Canadian trusts, the equivalent of U.S. savings and
loans, were focusing on domestic retail banking.
    The company's overseas ambitions were whetted by heightened
domestic competition and impressive growth at its London bank
operations, which attained full British banking powers in 1980,
Cornelissen said.
    Last year, Royal Trust moved into continental Europe and
Asia with its 239 mln Canadian dlr acquisition of Dow Chemical
Co &lt;DOW>'s Dow Financial Services Corp, which included asset
management, merchant and private banking companies.
    "It was a heaven-sent opportunity," Cornelissen said of the
Dow Financial acquisition. "We achieved in one year what would
otherwise have taken five to 10 years to set up."
    Cornelissen stressed that Royal Trust would shun direct
competition with major global financial institutions in
activities such as international lending and stock brokerage,
in order to exploit "profitable niches" overseas in traditional
trust activities such as asset management, private banking and
advisory services.
    He said that Royal Trust hoped to complete negotiations
"before the end of this month" to sell its London-based Savory
Milln brokerage, acquired in the Dow Financial deal.
    "The international market is so big and we have such a
miniscule share of it that growth opportunities are really
limited only by our energy and our desire to find more
business," he said, adding that in trust-type services, "we
don't think the international markets are well-served."
    Aiding Royal Trust's foreign growth are greater foreign 
investment interest in North America and increased Canadian
investment abroad, Cornelissen said.
    Central to Royal Trust's strategy is Asia, boasting rapid
economic growth and huge pools of Japanese capital, said
Cornelissen, whose company administers assets of 71.85 billion
dlrs, more than any other Canadian trust.
    Citing statistics indicating that by the year 2000, Asia
will contain two-thirds of the world's population and 50 pct of
global productive capacity, Cornelissen said, "We knew we had
to be there." Royal Trust's 14 international locations include
offices in Tokyo, Hong Kong and Singapore. The company also
recently listed its shares on the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
    The Royal Trust president said the company was stressing
growth within its overseas units, adding he did not foresee any
acquisitions in the "immediate future," although "we have our
eyes wide open for the right opportunities."
    Asked about Royal Trust's plans for the U.S., which the
company abandoned with the 1983 sale of its Florida bank units,
Cornelissen said the company faced a trust services market well
covered by hundreds of small regional banks.
    "That doesn't mean to say we shouldn't be in the U.S.,"
said Cornelissen. "That is probably one area that we will
probably do something with in the next five years."
    He said the company would continue to emphasize its home
Canadian market, which Cornelissen and financial services
analysts agreed would remain vital to Royal Trust.
    Proposed government regulations to allow Canadian banks,
trusts, insurance and securities dealers full participation in
one another's actitivies will mean more domestic competition
for Royal Trust, "but not drastically more," Cornelissen said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5474>
Salomon Brothers Inc said it raised
its opinion on Caterpillar Inc's stock to an aggressive buy
from a hold because of a brighter earnings outlook for 1988.
    Salomon analyst David Sutliff said in a statement he sees
1988 earnings of 3.35 dlrs a share, up from an earlier forecast
of three dlrs for the year. The outlook for 1987 remains at
2.50 dlrs to three dlrs.
    Caterpillar's stock was down 1/2 points at 46-1/4.
    "Although earnings will be poor for the next two quarters,
we believe that profits could begin to improve in the second
half - perhaps significantly - and should surge sharply through
1988 and 1989," he said.
    Sutliff said improved results should come from four factors
- higher prices, improved market share, reduced costs, and
improved demand.
    The higher prices will stick because its Japanese
competitor, Komatsu, has had to raise prices because of the
increased value of the yen, he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5475>
Shr profit 78 cts vs loss 38 cts
    Net profit 3,108,000 vs loss 1,510,000
    Revs 35.5 mln vs 47.1 mln
    Year
    Shr profit 2.42 dlrs vs loss 2.01 dlrs
    Net profit 9.6 mln vs loss eight mln
    Revs 157.2 mln vs 182.2 mln
    NOTE: Includes extraordinary gains of 22 cts per share and
36 cts in the fourth quarter and 1986, respectively.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5483>
Shr 11 cts vs three cts
    Net 313,000 vs 80,000
    Revs 12.5 mln vs 11.3 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5492>
Shr 23 cts vs 42 cts
    Net 1,387,000 vs 2,532,000
    Revs 80.5 mln vs 82.6 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5494>
Shr 27 cts vs 22 cts
    Net 1,866,000 vs 1,476,000
    Revs 33.0 mln vs 30.3 mln
    Nine Mths
    Shr 71 cts vs 57 cts
    Net 4,828,000 vs 3,857,000
    Revs 92.0 mln vs 89.0 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5495>
Shr 32 cts vs 18 cts
    Net 1,200,466 vs 545,670
    Revs 8.2 mln vs 6.4 mln
    Year
    Shr 1.52 dlrs vs 27 cts
    Net 4,972,683 vs 1,046,460
    Revs 33.3 mln vs 23 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5496>
Qtr ends Jan 31
    Shr two cts vs two cts
    Net 78,537 vs 72,364
    Revs 626,942 vs 640,030
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5500>
Machine Technology Inc said it
expects to report a second quarter loss of 13 to 17 cts per
share on sales of about 4,400,000 dlrs.
    A year earlier, it lost 139,000 dlrs or three cts per share
on sales of 4,271,000 dlrs.
    The company said it booked over six mln dlrs in the quarter
and its backlog has risen 35 pct since the end of its fiscal
year, leading it to expect improved results in the second half.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5501>
Shr loss six cts vs loss 18 cts
    Net loss 31,896 vs loss 753,518
    Revs 840,075 vs 716,361
    Avg shrs 5.45 mln vs 4.17 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr loss 25 cts vs loss 55 cts
    Net loss 1,271,972 vs loss 2,115,662
    Revs 2,071,676 vs 1,933,562
    Avg shrs 5.02 mln vs 3.85 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5502>
Qtly div 30 cts vs 30 cts previously
    Pay May 11
    Record April Nine
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5511>
NCR Corp is very optimistic that it will
post record revenues and profits for 1987, Charles E. Exley Jr,
chairman and president, said.
    "Much of our considerable optimism about the future is
based on the strength of a continuing flow of new products,"
Exley told a meeting of securities analysts. "Our current
position is the strongest in modern NCR history with
new-generation offerings deliverable in every major category
this year."
    For 1986, NCR's earnings rose nine pct, to 3.42 dlrs a
share, on sales that increased 13 pct, to 4.9 billion dlrs.
    During the balance of 1987, Exley said NCR will pay close
attention to increasing its penetration of major accounts,
expanding its third-party distribution channels and continuing
its introduction of new products.
    "In 1986, new products introduced within the proceding 36
months accounted for more than 65 pct of our major equipment
order activity," he said.
    "At the end of two months," he added," I can say we are off
to a good start" for 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5522>
Qtly div six cts vs six cts prior
    Pay April 10
    Record March 27
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5525>
General Cinema Corp said it expects
flat net income for fiscal 1987 ending Oct. 31 against 125.8
mln dlrs or 3.43 dlrs a share a year ago.
    The company said the costs of a restructuring at its Carter
Hawley Hale Stores Inc unit and the previous purchase of an 8.5
pct stake in &lt;Cadbury Schweppes PLC> will lead to the flat net
figure.
    It also said it may raise its stake in Cadbury Schweppes to
25 pct, but has not made any additional stock purchases so far.
    According to the restructuring, Carter Hawley plans to
spin-off its specialty stores, including Neiman-Marcus,
Bergdorf Goodman and Contempo Casuals, into a new company named
&lt;Neiman-Marcus Group>, whose shares will trade on the New York
Stock Exchange, it said.
    As previously announced, General Cinema will own 60 pct of
the equity and 40 pct of the voting shares in the new company.
The restructuring is subject to approval by Carter Hawley
shareholders.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5528>
Qtly distribution 10 cts per unit vs 10 cts prior
    Pay April 20
    Record March 31
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5530>
Shr loss three cts vs loss 12 cts
    Net loss 25,836 vs loss 88,819
    Revs 50.3 mln vs 45.2 mln
    Six mths
    Shr profit nil vs loss 18 cts
    Net profit 2,843 vs loss 137,653
    Revs 109.3 mln vs 99.3 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5532>
Shr 15 cts vs six cts
    Net 1,410,000 vs 550,000
    Revs 6,901,000 vs 2,392,000
    Avg shrs 10,326,000 vs 9,064,000
    Note:  Prior qtr per share figure adjusted for two-for-one
stock split of February 27.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5535>
Shr three cts vs four cts
    Net 101,376 vs 125,922
    Revs 568,884 vs 494,227
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5537>
Vishay Intertechnology Inc said
its board declared a two pct stock dividend, payable April 10
to holders of record on March 26.
    The company said the stock dividend will be paid only to
holders of commons tock who do not exchange for Class B stock
in Vishay's current exchange offer, which expires March 25.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5538>
Shr loss 2.82 dlrs vs profit 35 cts
    Net loss 10,556,478 vs profit 1,286,341
    Revs 6,202,157 vs 7,641,290
    Note: 1986 shr and net after 10,282,353 dlr writedown on
oil and gas property values
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5540>
Integrated Circuits Inc said it
set March 17 as the record date for its previously announced 10
pct stock dividend.
    The company said it will distribute the dividend on March
31.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5543>
Shr profit four cts vs loss two cts
    Net profit 247,970 vs loss 57,341
    Revs 2,393,622 vs 2,627,612
    Avg shrs 5,958,432 vs 2,440,100
    Year
    Shr profit 71 cts vs loss 35 cts
    Net profit 3,213,310 vs loss 849,180
    Revs 14.6 mln vs 9,099,767
    Avg shrs 6,177,666 vs 2,440,083
    NOTE: 1986 4th qtr and yr net includes a loss of 85,000
dlrs and a gain of 250,000 dlrs, respecitvely, for
extraordinary item.
    1986 net assumes all warrants exercised for the 2nd qtr
only. The adjustment to second quarter income for earnings per
share was 1,175,000 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5544>
Oper shr loss nil vs loss nil
    Oper net loss 112,000 vs loss 125,000
    Revs nil vs nil
    Avg shrs 26.7 mln vs 21.9 mln
    Year
    Oper shr loss two cts vs loss two cts
    Oper net loss 450,000 vs loss 503,000
    Revs nil vs nil
    Avg shrs 24.8 mln vs 20.8 mln
    NOTE: Net excludes losses from discontinued oil and natural
gas operations of 44.7 mln dlrs vs 9,489,000 dlrs in quarter
and 92.3 mln dlrs vs 80.7 mln dlrs in year.  Company sold all
its operations at the end of 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5545>
Shr loss 1.13 dlr vs loss 2.04 dlrs
    Net loss 3,674,000 vs loss 3,016,000
    Revs 2,894,000 vs 1,464,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5546>
Qtly div four cts vs four cts prior
    Pay April 15
    Record March 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5555>
Jan 31 end
    Shr not given
    Net profit 105,013 vs loss 745,641
    Sales 3,661,565 vs 2,810,132
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5556>
Shr 77 cts vs 84 cts
    Net 17 mln vs 19 mln
    Sales 650 mln vs 614 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5563>
Magnetic Technologies Corp said
it expects the second half to show continued growth in earnings
and sales.
    The company today reported a profit for the first half
ended January 31 of 105,013 dlrs, compared with a year-earlier
loss of 745,641 dlrs, on sales of 3,661,565 dlrs, up from
2,810,132 dlrs.  In all of last year, Magnetic earned 996,000
dlrs after a loss from discontinued operations of 359,000 dlrs,
on sales of 6,084,000 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5565>
Shr 58 cts vs 54 cts
    Net 3,144,000 vs 2,464,000
    Revs 54.6 mln vs 38.6 mln
    Avg shrs 5,394,000 vs 4,602,000
    Year
    Shr 2.03 dlrs vs 1.76 dlrs
    Net 10.5 mln vs 8,084,000
    Revs 201.1 mln vs 152.4 mln
    Avg shrs 5,154,000 vs 4,602,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5566>
Oper shr four cts vs three cts
    Oper net 340,036 vs 223,297
    Revs 11.1 mln vs 9,514,115
    Avg shrs 8,926,909 vs 7,672,146
    NOTE: Net excludes tax credits of 252,160 dlrs vs 152,717
dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5573>
Oper shr profit 21 cts vs loss 55 cts
    Oper net profit 1,528,000 vs loss 3,296,000
    Sales 329.4 mln vs 368.0 mln
    1st half
    Oper shr profit 28 cts vs loss 4.55 dlrs
    Oper net profit 2,026,000 vs loss 27.3 mln
    Sales 691.3 mln vs 738.2 mln
    NOTE: Prior half net includes pretax charge 21.4 mln dlrs
from plant closings and workforce reductions.
    Current year net excludes tax credits of 1,381,000 dlrs in
quarter and 1,722,000 dlrs in half.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5575>
Oper shr profit 1.52 dlrs vs loss 55 cts
    Oper profit 4,172,188 vs loss 1,502,032
    Revs not given
    Note: 1986 shr and net exclude extraordinary gain of
1,294,245 dlrs or 47 cts share on sale of Stafford Foods unit
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5576>
Oper shr 45 cts vs 24 cts
    Qtly div six cts vs six cts prior
    Oper net 1,766,000 vs 950,000
    Revs 9,321,000 vs 5,298,000
    Year
    Oper shr 1.25 dlrs vs one dlr
    Oper net 4,985,000 vs 3,894,000
    Revs 28.3 mln vs 19.9 mln
    NOTE: Net excludes losses from discontinued operations of
161,000 dlrs vs 66,000 dlrs in quarter and 464,000 dlrs vs
226,000 dlrs in year.
    Dividend pay May Five, record April 13.
    Share adjusted for three-for-two stock split.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5579>
Harris-Teeter Properties Inc
reported fourth quarter fiscal 1986 earnings per share of 24
cts on earnings of 601,000 dlrs. 
    The realty investment trust company started operations in
August and had no comparable figures, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5582>
Shr two cts vs eight cts
    Net 73,000 vs 233,000
    Revs 21.0 mln vs 9,510,000
    Avg shrs 3,620,000 vs 2,886,000
    Year
    Shr 66 cts vs 37 cts
    Net 2,246,000 vs 1,064,000
    Revs 68.3 mln vs 40.8 mln
    Avg shrs 3,392,000 vs 2,886,000
    NOTE: 1985 year net includes extraordinary gain one ct shr
and gain two cts from cumulative effect of accounting change.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5583>
BSN Corp said it expects revenues of
about 120 mln dlrs and a substantial increase in net income and
earnings per share for 1987.
    Today it reported 1986 net income of 2,246,000 dlrs or 66
cts per share on revenues of 68.3 mln dlrs, up from 1,064,000
dlrs or 37 cts per share on revenues of 40.8 mln dlrs a year
before.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5585>
Combined International Corp said it
will ask shareholders at the April 23 annual meeting to approve
the doubling of authorized common shares to 120 mln.
    Holders will also vote on a proposal to create a new class
of 25 mln shares of serial preferred stock one dlr par value in
place of its existing classes of authorized and unissued
preferred stock.
    It said at its regular March board meeting members will
consider a stock split or stock dividend, which would be
contingent upon stockholder approval of the changes in the
capital structure at the April annual meeting.
    Holders will also be asked to approve a new corporate name,
Aon Corp. It said aon is a Gaelic word meaning unit. The name
is intended to eliminate confusion between the parent company
and its principal subsidiary, Combined Insurance Co of America.
    Holders will also vote on a proposal to limit the liability
of directors and amend the provision for indemnifying
directors, officers employees an agents. This is being done to
reduce the costs of liability insurance.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5586>
&lt;Canbra Foods Ltd>, earlier
reporting a 1986 net profit against a year-ago loss, said it
declared a special, one-time dividend of five dlrs per common
share, pay March 31, record March 26.
    Canbra said it set the special payout to allow shareholders
to participate in the gain on the sale of unit Stafford Foods
Ltd in November, 1986, as well as the company's "unusually
profitable performance" in 1986.
    Canbra earlier reported 1986 net earnings of 4.2 mln dlrs,
excluding a 1.3 mln dlr gain on the Stafford sale, compared to
a year-ago loss of 1.5 mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5592>
Oper shr profit one cts vs loss 22 cts
    Oper net profit 35,000 vs loss 948,000
    Revs 17.4 mln vs 13.8 mln
    Six mths
    Oper shr loss 23 cts vs loss 48 cts
    Oper net loss 1,025,000 vs loss 2,093,000
    Revs 32.5 mln vs 27.6 mln
    NOTE: Results exclude credits of 1,737,000 or 39 cts shr
for both 1987 periods from refinancing of debt.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5593>
Qtrly div 26 cts Class A vs 12 cts
    Qtrly div one cent Class B vs nil
    Pay May 15
    Record March 31
    NOTE: prior qtr pro rated on 45 day basis for abbreviated
qtr.
    Full name of company commonwealth mortgage of america.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5594>
Shr 90 cts vs 66 cts
    Net 924,000 vs 679,000
    Loans 88.7 mln vs 67.4 mln
    Deposits 165.5 mln vs 106.7 mln
    Assets 181.5 mln vs 124.5 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5595>
Qtr ends Jan 31
    Shr profit one ct vs loss two cts
    Net profit 74,000 vs loss 122,000
    Revs 1,657,000 vs 1,416,000
    Nine mths
    Shr profit five cts vs loss 10 cts
    Net profit 299,000 vs loss 624,000
    Revs 5,134,000 vs 3,744,000
    NOTE: Full name Precision Target Marketing Inc.
    Nine months 1987 includes extraordinary gain of two cts per
share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5600>
Shr profit 10 cts vs loss 2.20 dlrs
    Net profit 687,000 vs loss 14.5 mln
    Sales 68.3 mln vs 54.8 mln
    Avg shrs 7,018,000 vs 6,577,000
    1st half
    Shr profit 38 cts vs loss 1.95 dlrs
    Net profit 2,596,000 vs loss 12.8 mln
    Sales 129.9 mln vs 113.3 mln
    Avg shrs 6,964,000 vs 6,568,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5602>
Shr profit four cts vs loss 49 cts
    Net profit 160,700 vs loss 1,867,100
    Revs 4,700,000 vs 5,600,000
    Year
    Shr profit two cts vs loss 1.20 dlrs
    Net profit 84,400 vs loss 4,507,800
    Revs 20.5 mln vs 22.5 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5603>
Semi-annual div four cts vs four cts
    Pay April 30
    Record April 9
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5604>
Qtly div 13 cts vs 13 cts prior
    Pay April 17
    Record April 3.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5617>
Shr profit nil vs loss 10 cts
    Net profit 2,936 vs loss 170,866
    Revs 4,147,248 vs 1,091,392
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5620>
Seven Oaks International Inc
said it has formed a new 80 pct owned subsidiary called Seven
Oaks Direct Inc to offer a full line of telemarketing services.
    It said Seven Oaks direct management will own the remaining
20 pct.
    The company said initial costs connected with the startupo
of a new Memphis, Tenn., marketing center for Seven Oaks direct
may hurt earnings slightly in the first half of the year ending
in April 1988, but Seven Oaks Direct should operate at no worse
than breakeven for fiscal 1988 as a whole.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5624>
Shr loss eight cts vs loss 20 cts
    Net loss 586,000 vs los 1,497,000
    Revs 13.8 mln vs 14.4 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 15 cts vs loss 18 cts
    Net loss 1,135,000 vs loss 1,377,000
    Revs 57.7 mln vs 55.1 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5627>
Philip Crosby Associates Inc
said its fourth quarter and annual earnings report will be
delayed two more weeks.
    The company cited the recent in-house embezzlement and a
subsequent review by auditors of its international situation as
reason for the delay.
    Philip Crosby, however, said it believes its December
estimate calling for earnings per share between 10 cts and 15
cts, on revenues of 11 mln dlrs, was still valid.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5629>
Shr nil vs loss 10 cts
    Net profit 2,936 vs loss 170,866
    Revs 4,147,248 vs 1,091,392
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5632>
Qtr ends Jan 31
    Shr 22 cts vs 19 cts
    Net 4,549,000 vs 3,666,000
    Revs 8,903,000 vs 7,791,000
    Avg shrs 20.9 mln vs 19.9 mln
    Six mths
    Shr 42 cts vs 41 cts
    Net 8,641,000 vs 7,928,000
    Revs 17.5 mln vs 14.6 mln
    Avg shrs 20.8 mln vs 19.4 mln
    NOTE: earnings were restated to reflect the three-for-two
stock split on April one, 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5644>
Henley Group Inc said it
declared a special dividend distribution of one Fisher
Scientific Group Inc share for every 16 Henley shares.
    Previously, it said it would pay one fisher share for every
20 outstanding, but it changed the ratio because of the
reduction in its outstanding shares to 109 mln from 129 mln.
    It said the distribution of about 20 pct of Fisher's common
stock will be made April six to holders of record March 26.
Fisher will trade on NASDAQ under the symbol &lt;FSHG>.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5647>
GenCorp said its first quarter
earnings from operations rose four pct as sales increased six
pct to 650 mln dlrs from 614 mln a year earlier.
    However, the company reported net income declined to 17 mln
dlrs, or 77 cts a share, in the quarter ended February 28 from
19 mln dlrs, or 84 cts a year earlier. This year's net included
700,000 dlrs from the sale of assets while last years was
increased 3.0 mln dlrs by such sales.
    GenCorp said lower operating profits for the tire and
plastics and industrial products segments were essentially
offset by higher wallcovering results.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5650>
Shr 37 cts vs 35 cts
    Net 4,346,000 vs 4,202,000
    Revs 232.0 mln vs 223.2 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5654>
Shr loss nine cts vs profit 35 cts
    Net loss 299,000 vs profit 1,025,000
    Sales 9,704,000 vs 9,659,000
    Avg shrs 3,792,138 vs 2,892,138
    Year
    Shr profit one ct vs profit 58 cts
    Net profit 45,000 vs profit 1,705,000
    Sales 25.4 mln vs 17.8 mln
    Avg shrs 3,567,138 vs 2,892,138
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5657>
Qtr ends March One
    Shr profit 10 cts vs loss 2.20 cts
    Net profit 687,000 vs loss 14.5 mln
    Revs 68.3 mln vs 54.8 mln
    Avg shrs 7,018,000 vs 6,577,000
    Six mths
    Shr profit 38 cts vs loss 1.95
    Net profit 2,596,000 vs loss 12.8 mln
    Revs 129.9 mln vs 113.3 mln
    Avg shrs 6,964,000 vs 6,568,000
    NOTE: figures for qtr and year prior include pre-tax
restructuring charge of 22.5 mln.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5658>
Period ended Jan 31
    Shr 16 cts vs 10 cts
    Net 901,000 vs 562,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.77 dlrs vs 19 cts
    Net 9,886,000 vs 1,122,000
    NOTE: Full name is Chicago Dock and Canal Trust
    1987 nine months earnings include gain from dispositions of
real estate of 7,666,000 dlrs, or 1.33 dlrs a share
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5660>
Infinite Graphics Inc expects earnings
for the fourth quarter ending April 30 to exceed the 127,587
dlrs, or seven cts a share posted a year ago, Chairman Clifford
F. Stritch Jr. told a meeting of financial analysts.
    Stritch also said the company's annual revenues should
exceed 6.0 mln dlrs, up from 4.1 mln dlrs in the previous
fiscal year.
    He said the company, which markets advanced computer-aided
engineering, design and manufacturing systems, plans to double
its dealers to 50 during the coming fiscal year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5662>
Qtrly div eight cts vs eight cts prior
    Pay June 1
    Record May 15
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5663>
Shr six cts vs six cts prior qtr
    Pay April 10
    Record March 27

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5669>
Shr profit five cts vs loss 23 cts
    Net profit 916,000 vs loss 2,886,000
    Revs 20.0 mln vs 28.2 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5677>
Shr four cts vs 15 cts
    Net 132,851 vs 501,537
    Revs 10 mln vs 15.5 mln
    Six mths
    Shr 12 cts vs 24 cts
    Net 409,383 vs 812,045
    Revs 19.4 mln vs 29.1 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5678>
Shr 1.19 dlrs vs 1.38 dlrs
    Net 1,499,234 vs 1,713,941
    Revs 23.2 mln vs 10.3 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5679>
Shr profit four cts vs loss 58 cts
    Net profit 119,000 vs loss 1,629,000
    Sales 18.4 mln vs 17.0 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5680>
Shr 13 cts vs seven cts
    Net 1,487,000 vs 778,000
    Sales 64.4 mln vs 58.3 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 66 cts vs 55 cts
    Net 7,388,000 vs 6,127,000
    Sales 223.0 mln vs 222.2 mln
    NOTE: 1987 quarter and nine month earnings includes a gain
on sale of idle facilities of 406,000 dlrs, or four cts a share
    1986 nine months earnings include gain on sale of idle
facilities of 377,000 dlrs, or three cts a share
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5682>
Shr 24 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 771,000 vs 314,000
    Revs 24.1 mln vs 11.3 mln
    Avg shrs 3,234,000 vs 2,426,000
    12 mths
    Shr 65 cts vs 38 cts
    Net 1,983,000 vs 904,000
    Revs 71.5 mln vs 37.7 mln
    Avg shrs 3,035,000 vs 2,371,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5687>
Qtrly div 34 cts vs 34 cts prior
    Pay May 1
    Record April 15
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5689>
Henley Group Inc said it plans
to issue 20 pct of the common stock of its Fisher Scientific
Group Inc unit to Henley Group shareholders.
    The company said it intends to issue one share of Fisher
Scientific for each 16 Henley shares held to shareholders of
record March 26. The distribution is scheduled for April six,
the company also said.
    It said the Fisher shares will trade in the
over-the-counter market under the symbol FSHG.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5694>
Silicon Valley Bancshares
said it declared a five pct stock dividend, payable May 1 to
shareholders of record April 1.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5701>
Shr 16 cts vs 16 cts prior qtr
    Pay May 15
    Record April 17
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5707>
Shr 19 cts vs 19 cts prior period
    Pay April 15
    Record March 31
    Note: Full name Transamerica Income Shares Inc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5711>
SmithKline Beckman Corp said it is
pursuing a three-point stragey that will achieve a 10 pct
annual increase in operating earnings throughout the remainder
of the decade.
    In 1986, SmithKline earned 521.1 mln dlrs or 6.78 dlrs per
share on revenues of 3.6 billion dlrs.
    The company said in its annual report that its
nonpharmaceutical business will play a major role in meeting
its earnings growth target, and will in fact grow faster than
its pharmaceutical business.
    SmithKline, whose major product is the antiulcer medication
Tagamet, said in the report that it intends to improve earnings
from existing products, expand its product portfolio and
optimize its financial resources.
    To bolster its position in the antiulcer market, in which
Tagamet has met stiff competition, SmithKline said its strategy
to develop an over-the-counter version of Tagamet is bolstered
by two joint ventures, one with &lt;Wellcome PLC>, and one pending
venture in Japan.
    SmithKline also said its Allergan Inc eye and skin care
products division can be a one billion dlr organization in the
next five years that can grow at more than seven to 10 pct
annually.
    "Nondilutive acquisitions are a real possibility," Gavin
Herbert, president of the eye and skin care product group said
in the report. In 1986, Allergan had worldwide sales of 433 mln
dlrs.
    It said its Smith Kline and French Laboratories
pharmaceuticals unit, with 1986 sales of 1.9 billion dlrs, will
file for Food and Drug Administration marketing approval for a
number of cardiovascular agents, including tissue plasminogen
activator, over the next two years.
    It also said SK and F's U.S. sales force will be 20 pct
larger in 1987, with more than 1,000 sales personnel.
    Smith Kline also said its small clinical laboratory testing
unit, with 1986 sales of 373 mln dlrs, performs 24 mln tests a
year, and sees increases in employee drug testing as well as in
testing for the AIDS antibody.
    Smith Kline said that depending on its share price and the
cost of money, it may buy back more shares. In the last three
years, it has bought back about 25 pct of its shares.
    SmithKline begins the year with a new management team,
including its new chief operating officer George Ebright.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5712>
Ashland Oil Inc said it expects to
report a loss from operations in the second quarter.
    The company also said it expects to report a 10 mln dlrs
net gain in the quarter from excess pension funds used to pay
down debt. "However, it is difficult to determine now whether
this gain will be sufficient to offset the expected operating
loss," the company said in a statement. A company spokesman
would not elaborate.
    The company's Ashland Petroleum Co unit operated at a loss
in January and February since it was unable to raise product
prices enough to recover higher crude oil costs, Ashland said.
    Although Ashland Petroleum and SuperAmerica, a retail
marketing operation, are having a difficult quarter, the
company's Valvoline, Ashland Chemical and coal businesses are
expected to report good results for the quarter ended March 31.
    In the year-ago quarter, Ashland had income from operations
of 93.8 mln dlrs before corporate and interest expenses, taxes,
equity income and other items.
    Net income in the quarter was 39.4 mln dlrs or 1.12 dlrs a
share on sales of 1.78 billion dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5716>
Shr 30 cts vs 53 cts
    Net 868,000 vs 728,000
    Revs 7,300,000 vs 6,500,000
    Avg shrs 3,000,000 vs 750,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5719>
BankAmerica Corp Chairman A.W.
Clausen said the bank holding company is turning around and is
back on the road to profitability.
    In a speech to the San Francisco Chamber of Commerce,
Clausen said he was "absolutely convinced" BankAmerica would
return to its position of preeminence.
    "Fundamental to achieving that goal is to continue to
reduce costs dramatically, to get our arms around our loan loss
problems and begin to reduce charge-offs, and to enhance our
revenue generation," Clausen said.
    Clausen said he doubts BankAmerica would be in a position
this year to make any acquisitions or experience any growth.
    He said BankAmerica will continue to reduce staff and
operations, noting that expense growth in 1986 increased only
one pct over 1985 expenses.
    Clausen also said it will continue to phase out its
overseas retail banking and concentrate on wholesale banking,
with emphasis on a premium list of multinational corporations.
  
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5720>
Qtly div 66 cts vs 66 cts
    Pay May one
    Record April 15
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5721>
Qtly div 10 cts vs 10 cts
    Pay April 30
    Record April 10
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5722>
Qtly div 26 cts vs 26 cts prior
    Pay April 30
    Record April 10
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5723>
Shr loss nine cts vs profit 14 cts
    Net loss 773,000 vs profit 1,618,000
    Revs 16.3 mln vs 26.7 mln
    Six mths
    Shr loss 56 cts vs profit 27 cts
    Net loss 4,763,000 vs profit 3,398,000
    Revs 29.3 mln vs 49.9 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5725>
Shr profit one cts vs loss two cts
    Net 74,000 vs loss 122,000
    Revs 1.7 mln dlrs vs 1.4 mln
    Nine months
    Shr profit five cts vs loss 10 cts
    Net profit 299,000 vs loss 624,000
    Revs 5.1 mln vs 3.7 mln
    NOTE:3rd qtr ended January 31. 1987 3rd qtr and nine months
includes 36,000 dlrs and 129,000 dlrs gains respectively from
tax loss carryforward.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5727>
Royal Bank of Canada's &lt;RY> small
Brazilian commercial bank subsidiary Banco Royal do Canada
(Brasil) S.A. sees opportunities for its own growth with an
expected substantial increase in Brazilian exports to Canada,
Banco Royal president Michael Brennan said.
    "They (Brazilian exporters) are very interested in the
Canadian market because it's an untapped market," Brennan told
reporters after a speech to the Brazil/Canada Chamber of
Commerce.
    Brennan said Brazil is currently exporting products like
paper machinery and ships to Canada.
    He said he hopes to see medium-term financing facilities
for Brazilian companies reinstated shortly, following an
agreement reached in January with international financial
authorities.
    Brennan estimated Brazilian exports to Canada totalled
roughly 800 mln Canadian dlrs in 1985 while imports from Canada
reached about 700 mln dlrs.
    Brennan said he expects Banco Royal profit to increase this
year from the three mln U.S. dlrs reported for fiscal 1986
ended September 30 but said he could not predict by how much
because of the country's uncertain financial climate.
    Brennan said he expects his bank's growth to come from
increased exports to Canada. Banco Royal is the only
Canadian-owned commercial bank in Brazil although &lt;Bank of
Montreal> has a Brazilian investment bank subsidiary, he said.
    Brennan said he expected Brazil to be able to reach an
equitable agreement with foreign banks on restructuring its 68
billion U.S. dlr foreign debt, because the Brazilian economy is
essentially healthy. He said he believed Brazil might be in a
position to resume debt repayments within a year.
    Brennan said he could not comment on the impact of Brazil's
interest payment moratorium on the Royal Bank of Canada.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5729>
Qtly div eight cts vs eight cts
    Pay June one
    Record May 15
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5731>
Shr 10 cts vs nine cts
    Net 217,000 vs 192,000
    Revs 3,325,000 vs 2,506,000
    Year
    Shr 31 cts vs 43 cts
    Net 660,000 vs 932,000
    Revs 12.2 mln vs 10.7 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5737>
Atcor Inc said the magnitude of any
earnings recovery in fiscal 1987 depends on the direction of
steel pricing and how fast the company's severe operating
problems in its consumer segment are resolved.
    Atcor's consumer segment represents about 25 pct of its
sales. In a letter to shareholders the company said that that
part of its business continues to be unprofitable.
    Atcor said it does not expect performance improvements in
the first quarter to be sustained throughout the year due to
increasing raw material costs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5738>
Shr 14 cts vs four cts
    Net 1,474,000 vs 286,000
    Revs 15.5 mln vs 1.4 mln
    Avg shrs 10.6 mln vs 7.5 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 38 cts vs eight cts
    Net 3,387,000 vs 588,000
    Revs 33.4 mln vs 2.9 mln
    Avg shrs 8.8 mln vs 7.5 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5741>
Qtr ended Dec 31
    Oper shr loss two cts vs loss 92 cts
    Oper net loss 28,045 vs loss 1,040,700
    Sales 4,943,584 vs 5,613,400
    Nine mths
    Oper shr profit 11 cts vs loss 93 cts
    Oper net profit 124,434, vs loss 1,054,000
    Sales 22.6 mln vs 26.3 mln
    (Mouduline International Inc)
    Note: oper data does not include 1986 gains from tax
benefit carryforwards of 30,000 dlrs, or three cts per shr, in
qtr and 110,000 dlrs, or ten cts per shr, in nine mths.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5742>
Qtly div 12.5 cts vs six cts
    Pay March 31
    Record March 24
    Note: Co also declares 12.5 ct qtly div on special shares
issued in December, 1986, with same pay and record dates.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5743>
USP Real Estate Investment
Trust said it will post a first-quarter gain of 2,258,216 dlrs
on the sale of the Spanish Villa Apartments in Savannah, Ga.,
which was completed last week.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5744>
Oper shr primary 28 cts vs 17 cts
    Oper shr diluted 24 cts vs 17 cts
    Oper net 1,826,000 vs 1,104,000
    Revs 205.4 mln vs 171.1 mln
    Avg shrs primary 6,512,462 vs 6,510,462
    Avg shrs diluted 10.3 mln vs 10.3 mln
    Year
    Oper shr primary 83 cts vs 76 cts
    Oper shr diluted 77 cts vs 74 cts
    Oper net 5,393,000 vs 4,955,000
    Revs 719.9 mln vs 633.5 mln
    Avg shrs primary 6,511,591 vs 6,508,379
    Avg shrs diluted 10.3 mln vs 9,122,722
    Note: Revs includes investment income 2,323,000 dlrs vs
2,239 dlrs for qtr and 10.1 mln dlrs vs 6,612,000 dlrs for 12
mths. 1986 revs also include unrealized loss on equity
securities of 59,000 dlrs for qtr and 1,155,000 dlrs for 12
mths.
    Oper net excludes extraordinary gain of 875,000 dlrs vs
284,000 dlrs for qtr and 1,053,000 dlrs vs 462,000 dlrs for 12
mths.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5746>
Centel Corp said it sees 1987 first
quarter results below those of 1986 due to regulatory limits on
telephone earnings and 15 cts to 20 cts a share dilution from
1986 acquisitions.
    In the annual report, Chairman Robert Reuss told
shareholders telephone profits will continued to be limited by
ceilings imposed by regulators as well as deregulation and
structural changes within the industry that have slowed growth
in the investment base for setting rates.
    As such, its first quarter 1987 results will be below last
year's first quarter of 1.11 dlrs a share, he said.
    "Several of the company's telephone units may be faced with
a reduction in the rates of return authorized by their
regulators," Reuss said. "This could result in some rate
reductions and refunds to customers."
    Reuss said he is encouraged by the prospects for progress
in Centel's business communications, cable television and
cellular telephone units.
    Centel is asking shareholders at the annual meeting to
approve the tripling  to 120 mln in authorized shares.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5749>
Qtr ended Jan 31
    Shr one ct vs nine cts
    Net 29,000 vs 349,000
    Revs 7,892,000 vs 4,721,000
    Note: nine mth data unavailable
    .
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5758>
Shr profit one ct vs loss 14 cts
    Net profit 279,000 vs loss 1,896,000
    Sales 199.6 mln vs 142.4 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5787>
Buoyed by low fuel prices and
favourable currency factors, Cathay Pacific Airways Ltd's
&lt;CAPH.HK> 1986 profits are expected to surpass the airline's
forecast of one billion H.K. Dlrs, stock analysts said.
    Analysts said they expect the airline to show net earnings
of between 1.1 billion and 1.25 billion dlrs when it reports
results tomorrow for its first year as a public company.
    Cathay, 51 pct owned by Swire Pacific Ltd &lt;SWPC.HK>, made
its earnings forecast in the prospectus for its flotation in
May last year.
    Cathay is expected to pay a 13-cent final dividend, making
a total of 19 cents for the year, as forecast in the
prospectus, analysts polled by Reuters said.
    They said the airline's performance improved in the second
half of the year after it reported interim profits of 503 mln
dlrs.
    The weakness of the local currency, pegged at 7.80 to one
U.S. Dollar, and low fuel prices moved further in the company's
favour from the assumptions made in the prospectus at the time
of the flotation, James Capel (Far East) Ltd said.
    James Capel estimates average fuel prices for the airline
industry in 1986 at 63 U.S. Cents per gallon, 27 pct below the
1985 level. It said a one pct movement in fuel prices would
affect Cathay's net profits by 10 mln dlrs and forecast profits
of 1.25 billion dlrs.
     Analysts said the company's estimates of fuel price and
currency movements set out in its prospectus were conservative.
    "This is reflected in their interim results which showed
that profit margin has increased," said Frederick Tsang of
Mansion House Securities (F.E.) Ltd.
    Cathay's six-month turnover rose 19.8 pct from year-earlier
levels, but profits rose 69 pct.
    The rise in oil prices in late 1986 had little impact on
the company's fuel oil bill last year, as aviation fuel prices
usually lag behind crude price movements by several months,
analysts said.
    By last September the yen had risen some 54 pct against the
Hong Kong dollar from the end of 1985, the mark 43 pct and
sterling 12 pct.
    "Overall the weakness of the Hong Kong dollar against
Cathay's major trading currencies helped push passenger yields
in the first half up 7.2 pct," said James Capel. "This should
continue through the second half to enable passenger yields to
end the year up 7.6 pct."
    A strong performance from the 2.9 billion dlrs in cash
under management also improved profits, James Capel said.
    A general improvement in air traffic last year contributed
to Cathay's revenue increase, but the company's load factor
declined because of increased competition and an expansion of
its fleet and services.
    James Capel estimated Cathay's passenger-kilometres flown
last year rose six pct from 1985 and freight-kilometres flown
climbed 17 pct, though the airline's load factor probably fell
to 68.8 pct from 70 pct.
    "Cathay added new planes, and was forced to fly some routes
last year because of the threat of competition from Dragon Air,"
said Tsang. "This affected its load factor."
    Fear of possible competition from fledgling carrier &lt;Hong
Kong Dragon Airways Ltd> may have contributed to Cathay's
decision to resume service to New Zealand last year, analysts
said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5815>
Year ended January 31
    Parent shr 5.73 yen vs 5.80
    Div five yen vs same
    Net 7.01 billion vs 6.77 billion
    Current 24.06 billion vs 23.76 billion
    Operating 37.62 billion vs 45.26 billion
    Sales 630.08 billion vs 810.89 billion
    NOTE - Company forecast for current year parent div five
yen, net seven to eight billion, current 24 billion, sales 610
billion.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5822>
Net profit 16.66 mln H.K. Dlrs vs 11.28 mln
    Total divs to shareholders 7.5 mln vs nil
    Note - Firm underwrote 23 capital market issues in 1986.
Next industrial transaction in May is syndication of a 35 mln
U.S. Dlr loan to the Shanghai Ta Chun Tyre Project. The company
is a joint venture merchant bank between the &lt;Bank of China>,
&lt;First National Bank of Chicago> and the Industrial Bank of
Japan &lt;IBJT.T>
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5894>
Shr one cent vs nine cts
    Net 51,057 vs 554,878
    Sales 24.5 mln vs 21.3 mln
    First half
    Shr 15 cts vs five cts
    Net 1,026,479 vs 313,676
    Sales 48.4 mln vs 37.4 mln
    NOTE: Net includes gains of 28,000 dlrs, or one cent a
share, vs 61,000 dlrs, or seven cts a share, in quarter and
453,000 dlrs, or seven cts a share, vs 61,000 dlrs, or one cent
a share, in half from tax loss carryforward
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5898>
Shr 15 cts vs 14 cts
    Net 614,000 vs 449,000
    Revs 4,186,000 vs 4,124,000
    Avg shrs 4,131,000 vs 3,321,000
    Year
    Shr 47 cts vs 42 cts
    Net 1,768,000 vs 1,394,000
    Revs 15.0 mln vs 12.5 mln
    Avg shrs 3,799,000 vs 3,324,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5901>
Shr 10 cts vs seven cts
    Net 3,501,000 vs 2,420,000
    Sales 332.7 mln vs 274.9 mln
    Qtly div four cts vs four cts prior
    Pay April Six
    Record March Six
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5906>
Shr loss 26 cts vs loss 12 cts
    Net loss 289,649 vs loss 138,372
    Revs 5,944,286 vs 5,902,074
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5911>
Shr 12 cts vs 10 cts
    Net 1,683,000 vs 1,407,000
    Revs 42.2 mln vs 28.8 mln
    12 mths
    Shr 83 cts vs 70 cts
    Net 11.9 mln vs 10.0 mln
    Revs 160.3 mln vs 126.5 mln
    NOTE: prior qtr and yr ended Jan 26.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5912>
Shr 1.40 dlrs vs 1.38 dlrs
    Net 1,928,800 vs 1,485,600
    Sales 35.2 mln vs 33.5 mln
    Avg shrs 1,350,800 vs one mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5913>
Shr 26 cts vs 18 cts
    Net 879,000 vs 615,000
    Revs 6,394,000 vs 5,561,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5914>
Qtly div 10 cts vs 10 cts prior
    Pay April 30
    Record April Three
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5922>
Shr 38 cts vs 92 cts
    Net 1,042,000 vs 2,510,000
    Revs 20.6 mln vs 29.6 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5925>
Oper shr profit eight cts vs loss eight cts
    Oper net profit 604,996 vs loss 615,345
    Sales 18.4 mln vs 17.8 mln
    NOTE: Net excludes losses from discontinued operations of
156,098 dlrs vs 732,924 dlrs.
    1986 net excludes tax credits of 271,538 dlrs.
    1985 net includes gain 480,0009 dlrs from reversl of
recapture taxes.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5926>
Shr 31 cts vs 53 cts
    Net 4.2 mln vs 7.1 mln
    Revs 16.1 mln vs 27.2 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5930>
Shr 19 cts vs three cts
    Net 515,000 vs 87,000
    Revs 6,830,000 vs 4,107,000
    Six mths
    Shr 36 cts vs 12 cts
    Net 955,000 vs 327,000
    Revs 14.2 mln vs 9,755,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5931>
Oper shr profit one ct vs loss four cts
    Oper net profit 104,386 vs loss 196,265
    Revs 8,174,652 vs 2,309,979
    Avg shrs 6,285,714 vs 5,500,000
    1st half
    Oper shr profit nil vs loss eight cts
    Oper net profit 26,541 vs loss 419,758
    Revs 12.0 mln vs 5,088,134
    Avg shrs 5,836,735 vs 5,500,000
    NOTE: Current year net both periods excludes tax credit of
107,370 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5935>
St. Jude Medical Inc said its board
declared a special dividend of one right for each outstanding
share held of the company's common stock, payable to holders of
record April Six.
    It said each right entitles the holder to buy one-tenth of
a share of preferred stock of St. Jude at an exercise price of
100 dlrs.
    St. Jude said the rights may be exercised only after 10
days following the acquisition of, or commencement of a tender
offer for, at least 20 pct of the company's common stock.
    The company added that it has no reason to believe St. Jude
Medical is a takeover target.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5938>
Qtly div 50 cts vs 50 cts prior
    Pay May 15
    Record April Seven
    NOTE: Partnership said holders of common and preference
units for all of 1987 are expected to have no net taxable
income.   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5950>
Shr 70 cts vs 47 cts
    Net 4,185,000 vs 2,433,000
    Sales 52.9 mln vs 35.7 mln
    Avg shrs 6,000,000 vs 5,200,000
    Year
    Shr 1.20 dlrs vs 71 cts
    Net 6,759,000 vs 3,717,000
    Sales 130.4 mln vs 85.3 mln
    Avg shrs 5,622,000 vs 5,200,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5951>
Gruen Marketing Corp said it
expects to report earnings for the year ended January 31 of 60
to 65 cts per share on about 7,309,000 average shares, down
from 78 cts on 6,545,000 shares a year before.
    It said sales fell about 10 pct from the year-earlier 104.9
mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5960>
Qtly div 21 cts
    Payable April 15
    Record March 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5965>
Gulf Resources and Chemical Corp said
the sale of its stake in &lt;Imperial Continental Gas Association>
will result in a pre-tax profit of about 44.1 mln dlrs or 4.69
dlrs per share, fully duliuted, in the first quarter of 1987.
    Gulf said it sold its remaining stake in Imperial of 
6,631,222 shares and 100,000 units of loan stock for 74.8 mln
dlrs, based on an exchange rate of one pound sterling at 1.58
dlr. As previously reported, it sold 9,534,633 of its Imperial
shares on March nine.
    Gulf said the sale of the Imperial shares were accepted as
part of a recent tender offer made by &lt;Groupe Bruxelles Lambert
S.A.> and &lt;Tractebel S.A.>.
    Under the terms of the offer, Gulf said it is entitled to
receive a supplementary payment if a general offer to acquire
Imperial Continental or its Calor Group or Contibel Holdings
becomes wholly unconditional before Jan 1, 1988 at a price
above the tender off of 710 pence per share.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5967>
Shr 1.27 dlrs vs not given
    Net 5,097,000 vs 3,164,000
    Sales 48.1 mln vs 31.7 mln
    Year
    Shr 1.42 dlrs vs not given
    Net 5,194,000 vs 3,457,000
    Sales 100.4 mln vs 70.1 mln
    NOTE: Company went public in May 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5968>
Shr loss 20 cts vs loss 12 cts
    Net loss 2,195,000 vs loss 1,402,000
    Revs 3,600,000 vs 5,777,000
    Year
    Shr loss 71 cts vs loss 51 cts
    Net loss 7,851,000 vs loss 5,594,000
    Revs 16.7 mln vs 24.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5969>
Shr 11 cts vs 24 cts
    Net 419,000 vs 938,000
    Revs 16.2 mln vs 16.9 mln
    Year
    Shr 25 cts vs 95 cts
    Net 952,000 vs 3,001,000
    Revs 64.6 mln vs 68.8 mln
    Backlog 30.3 mln vs 31.9 mln
    NOTE: 1986 net includes nonrecurring gain 383,000 dlrs in
quarter and charge 175,000 dlrs in year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5976>
Shr loss 12 cts vs loss 17 cts
    Net loss 484,556 vs loss 620,607
    Sales 2,167,631 vs 1,062,837
    Avg shrs 3,985,924 vs 3,935,969
    Year
    Shr loss 62 cts vs loss 52 cts
    Net loss 2,468,605 vs loss 1,788,406
    Sales 6,603,285 vs 4,650,585
    Avg shrs 3,983,692 vs 3,446,348
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5984>
Period ended Jan 31
    Net loss 89,255 vs loss 277,536
    Sales 913,136 vs 854,194
    Six mths
    Net profit 481,372 vs loss 555,722
    Sales 1,845,532 vs 1,754,076
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5991>
Shr profit three cts vs loss 10 cts
    Net profit 765,000 vs loss 2,600,000
    Revs 9,259,000 vs 14,479,000
    SIX MTHS
    Shr profit three cts vs loss 11 cts
    Net profit 875,000 vs loss 2,303,000
    Revs 17.7 mln vs 29.2 mln
    Note: Campbell changing its yr-end to Dec 31 from June 30.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5993>
Oper shr 15 cts vs eight cts
    Oper net 517,333 vs 276,240
    Revs 22.4 mln vs 14.0 mln
    Note: 1986 shr and net exclude extraordinary gain of
1,333,760 dlrs or 40 cts share. 1985 shr and net exclude
extraordinary gain of 294,859 dlrs or 10 cts share
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5994>
Shr 33 cts vs 27 cts
    Net 3,588,000 vs 2,981,000
    Revs 37.8 mln vs 31.6 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 72 cts vs 76 cts
    Net 7,843,000 vs 8,344,000
    Revs 103.3 mln vs 90.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6005>
Shr five cts vs one ct
    Net 196,986 vs 37,966
    Revs 15.5 mln vs 8,900,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 52 cts vs 22 cts
    Net two mln vs 874,000
    Revs 53.7 mln vs 28.6 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6010>
Shr 10 cts vs 11 cts
    Net 547,000 vs 579,000
    Sales 11.0 mln vs 11.1 mln
    Year
    Shr 46 cts vs 52 cts
    Net 2,500,000 vs 2,841,000
    Sales 40.7 mln vs 40.5 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6014>
Oper net 46.6 mln
    Revs 392 mln
    12 mths
    Oper net 65 mln vs 47.1 mln
    Revs 590 mln vs 591 mln
    NOTE: Eight months represents earnings following
acquisition in May 1986 when company went private.
    Period ending Jan. 3, 1987 excludes 42.3 mln dlrs of
interest expenses, 41.6 mln dlrs of acquisition adjusments, and
1.7 mln dlrs of income taxes.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6017>
Shr 43 cts vs 37 cts
    Net 2,276,000 vs 1,674,000
    Sales 31.9 mln vs 23.9 mln
    Avg shrs 5.3 mln vs 4.5 mln
    Year
    Shr 90 cts vs 69 cts
    Net 4,508,000 vs 3,096,000
    Sales 98.4 mln vs 75.0 mln
    Avg shrs 5.0 mln vs 4.5 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6018>
Shr not given
    Net 788,099
    Revs 15.5 mln
    NOTE: Company went public during 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6033>
Qtly div 25 cts vs 20 cts prior
    Pay April 21
    Reord March 27
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6035>
Shr 20 ct vs 27 cts
    Net 1,048,000 vs 1,368,000
    Revs 9,457,000 vs 5,386,000
    NOTE: Dollar amounts converted from Irish pounds at noon
buying rate of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York at Dec 31,
1986, of 1.4105 dlr per one Irish pound. The equivalent rate at
Dec 31, 1985, was 1.2470 dlr equals one Irsh pound. Full name
of company is The Institute of Clinical Pharmacology PLC, based
in Dulbin, Ireland.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6041>
Shr 10 cts vs eight cts
    Net 856,000 vs 574,000
    Sales 9,593,000 vs 9,232,000
    Avg shrs 8,809,000 vs 6,969,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6042>
Period ended January 31.
    Shr loss two cts vs loss 12 cts
    Net loss 192,370 vs loss 1,494,146
    Revs 6,751,830 vs 2,278,842
    Note: Full name Applied Circuit Technology Inc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6043>
Qtly div 5-1/2 cts vs 5-1/2 cts prior
    Pay April 16
    Record April Six
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6047>
Jan 31 end
    Shr 3.64 dlrs vs 3.16 dlrs
    Net 171.3 mln vs 154.0 mln
    Sales 3.44 billion vs 3.23 billion
    Avg shrs 47.1 mln vs 48.8 mln
    Year
    Oper shr 6.23 dlrs vs 5.88 dlrs
    Oper net 301.9 mln vs 286.6 mln
    Sales 10.51 billion vs 9.98 billion
    Avg shrs 48.5 mln vs 48.8 mln
    NOTE: Latest year net excludes 14.3 mln dlr charge from
loss on early debt extinguishment.
    Net includes charges 15.7 mln dlrs in both periods of
latest year vs charges 23.9 mln dlrs in both periods of earlier
year from merger of divisions.
    Investment tax credits three mln dlrs vs 8,900,000 dlrs in
quarter and 4,900,000 dlrs vs 16.4 mln dlrs in year.
    Latest year net includes nine mln dlr provision for loss on
disposition of two Abraham and Strauss stores and preopening
expenses for another.
    Latest year net includes gain from sale of interest in Fort
Worth, Texas, shopping center of 9,500,000 dlrs.
    Latest year net both periods includes gain 9,100,000 dlrs
from sale of interest in Memphis, Tenn., shopping center.
    Prior year net includes gain 6,600,000 dlrs on sale of
Boston Store division.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6048>
Shr 12 cts vs 10 cts
    Net 1,683,000 vs 1,407,000
    Sales 42.2 mln vs 28.8 mln
    Year
    Shr 83 cts vs 70 cts
    Net 11,908,000 vs 10,005,000
    sales 160.3 mln vs 126.5 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6051>
Shr loss two cts vs profit three cts
    Net loss 59,299 vs profit 88,843
    Revs 3,487,693 vs 2,123,488
    Year
    Shr profit 25 cts vs loss two cts
    Net profit 816,395 vs loss 44,541
    Revs 12.2 mln vs 7,413,328
    Avg shrs 3,208,472 vs 2,348,559
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6054>
State-owned &lt;Chemie Linz AG> is
likely to record a 1986 loss of some 600 mln schillings
compared with a 340 mln loss in 1985, a company spokesman said.
    Falling sales and lower world prices of fertilisers were
largely responsible for the sharp increase, along with the
effects of the dollar's fall which has helped to give U.S.
Fibre producers a competitive edge, he told Reuters.
    The firm would have made a small profit in 1985 had it not
been for 456 mln schillings lost by subsidiary &lt;Merx
HandelsgesmbH> on oil trading. Merx has since withdrawn from
the oil market. The firm will announce 1986 results in July.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6055>
Shr 13 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 617,000 vs 604,000
    Revs 1,889,000 vs 1,920,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6073>
Oper shr 29 cts vs 22 cts
    Oper net 3.9 mln vs 1.8 mln
    Year
    Oper shr 63 cts vs four cts
    Oper net 10.1 mln vs 855,000
    NOTE: Excludes gain one ct per share vs loss two cts in the
quarter, and gain 41 cts per share vs gain six cts in the year
from investments. Also excludes extraordinary gain of one ct
per share in fourth quarter 1985, and gain of one ct per share
vs one ct in the full year period.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6075>
Societe Generale de Belgique &lt;BELB.BR>
said the near doubling of net profits in 1986 was due in large
part to the sale of shares in Genstar Corp.
    The company, which announced a net non-consolidated profit
of 5.31 billion francs compared with 2.82 billion in 1985, said
its current profits rose by 19 pct last year, without giving
further figures.
    However, it added in a statement that the company made
major capital gains on sales during the year, in particular
from the sale of Genstar shares.
    Societe Generale governor Rene Lamy told last November's
annual meeting that 1986 asset disposals would total around 4.5
billion francs, including the sale of Genstar shares to Imasco
Limited &lt;IMS.TO>.
    He predicted a profit on extraordinary items of two billion
francs after a rough balance in 1985.
    In today's statement, Societe Generale gave no figures for
extraordinary gains.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6078>
Shr loss 11 cts vs profit six cts
    Net loss 217,200 vs profit 83,200
    Revs 3,564,200 vs 3,171,900
    Avg shrs 2,033,750 vs 1,334,950
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6084>
Shr primary 64 cts vs 45 cts
    Shr diluted 60 cts vs 44 cts
    Net 4,524,000 vs 3,212,000
    Revs 202.5 mln vs 171.9 mln
    Avg shrs primary 7,112,480 vs 7,052,964
    Avg shrs diluted 8,034,223 vs 8,008,763
    Year
    Shr primary 1.70 dlrs vs 1.31 dlrs
    Shr diluted 1.65 dlrs vs 1.30 dlrs
    Net 12.1 mln vs 9,252,000
    Year
    Revs 612.4 mln vs 523.4 mln
    Avg shrs primary 7,112,480 vs 7,052,964
    Avg shrs diluted 8,034,223 vs 7,732,544
    Note: Includes after-tax LIFO charges of 441,000 dlrs vs
359,000 dlrs for qtr and 539,000 dlrs vs 407,000 dlrs for year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6088>
Shr 31 cts vs 27 cts
    Qtly div four cts vs four cts prior
    Net 11.4 mln vs 9,905,528
    Revs 194.3 m ln vs 171.7 mln
    Note: Qtly div is payable April 22 to shareholders of
record April three.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6094>
Shr 72 cts vs 58 cts
    Net 20.8 mln vs 14.9 mln
    Revs 328.7 mln vs 239.8 mln
    Avg shrs 28.9 mln vs 25.7 mln
    Note: Prior year shr restated for June, 1986 two-for-one
stock split
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6102>
Shr loss 26 cts vs loss 12 cts
    Net loss 289,649 vs loss 138,372
    Revs 5,944,286 vs 5,902,074
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6104>
Qtr ended Jan 31
    Shr 92 cts vs 1.28 dlrs
    Net 5,415,000 vs 7,730,000
    Revs 114.2 mln vs 112.9 mln
    Avg shrs 5,864,000 vs 6,030,000
    Year
    Shr 45 cts vs 1.40 dlrs
    Net 2,664,000 vs 8,536,000
    Revs 322.9 mln vs 312.3 mln
    Avg shrs 5,885,000 vs 6,105,000
   
    Note: Net includes LIFO gains of 48,000 dlrs vs 118,000
dlrs for qtr and charges of 257,000 dlrs vs 225,000 dlrs for
year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6105>
Oper shr 24 cts vs 19 cts
    Oper net 1,096,332 vs 794,711
    Revs 803,085 vs 442,420
    Six mths
    Oper shr 53 cts vs 43 cts
    Oper net 2,375,844 vs 1,741,437
    Revs 1,471,257 vs 768,683
    NOTE: Prior year excludes income from discontinued
operations of 19 cts per share in the quarter and 17 cts per
share in the year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6106>
Freedom Federal Savings Bank
said it voted its first cash dividend of 10 cts a share,
payable April 10, record March 31.
    The 1987 annual dividend will be 40 cts a share, it said.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6107>
Qtr ends Feb 28
    Shr six cts vs three cts
    Net 189,683 vs 80,499
    Revs 2,874,930 vs 2,594,474
    NOTE: Full name Hospital Staffing Services Inc.
    Prior year includes extraordinary gain of one ct per share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6113>
Oshman's Sporting Goods Inc said
earnings for the fourth quarter ended January 31 were affected
by the weak economies of Texas, Oklahoma and Louisiana,
resulting in a drop in net earnings to 5,415,000 dlrs or 92 cts
a share from 7,730,000 dlrs or 1.28 dlrs a share for the
year-ago quarter.
    The company also said sales on the West Coast were hurt by
late snows and poor skiing conditions.
    Same-store sales declined 3.2 pct for the quarter and 2.2
pct for the year.
    For the full year, Oshman's net earnings fell to 2,664,000
dlrs or 45 cts a share, from 8,536,000 dlrs or 1.40 dlrs a
share.
    In 1986, the company said it opened nine stores and closed
three.
    At year-end, the company said it was operating 188 Oshman's
stores and 27 Abercrombie and Fitch stores.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6115>
Qtr ended Feb 28
    Shr 24 cts vs 24 cts
    Net 10.0 mln vs 10.1 mln
    Revs 202.8 mln vs 184.6 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 66 cts vs 67 cts
    Net 27.3 mln vs 27.6 mln
    Revs 588.2 mln vs 539.2 mln
    Note: 1986 shr data adjusted for 3-for-2 stock split paid
October 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6123>
Shr profit 26 cts vs loss nine cts
    Net profit 10.3 mln vs loss 1.0 mln
    Revs 208.2 mln vs 123.3 mln
    Year
    Shr profit 38 cts vs profit nine cts
    Net profit 13.0 mln vs profit 2.8 mln
    Revs 635.5 mln vs 429.3 mln
    Note: 1986 full year results include extraordinary loss of
one mln dlrs or three cts per share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6129>
Shr 10 cts vs 11 cts
    Net 255,000 vs 242,000
    Sales 7,166,000 vs 6,486,000
    Avg shrs 2,438,000 vs 2,118,000
    Year
    Shr 50 cts vs 40 cts
    Net 990,000 vs 849,000
    Sales 29.0 mln vs 22.8 mln
    Avg shrs 1,972,000 vs 2,118,000
    NOTE: Share adjusted for five-for-four stock split declared
today.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6130>
Shr 36 cts vs 37 cts
    Net 2,751,000 vs 2,179,000
    Qtly div 40 cts vs 40 cts prior
    Avg shrs 7,699,241 vs 5,943,341
    NOTE: Dividend payable April 10 to shareholders of record
March 30.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6134>
Shr 31 cts vs 27 cts
    Net 11.4 mln vs 9,905,528
    Revs 194.3 mln vs 171.7 mln
    Avg shrs 36.6 mln vs 36.4 mln
    NOTE: Sixteen-week periods.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6138>
Oper shr loss six cts vs profit four cts
    Oper net loss 165,000 vs profit 83,000
    Sales 2,413,000 vs 921,000
    Avg shrs 2,908,770 vs 2,203,462
    Year
    Ope shr profit five cts vs profit five cts
    Oper net profit 124,000 vs profit 106,000
    Sales 5,652,000 vs 1,623,000
    Avg shrs 2,369,949 vs 2,061,102
    NOTE: Net excludes losses from discontinued operations of
548,000 dlrs vs 14,000 dlrs in quarter and 696,000 dlrs vs
21,000 dlrs in year.
    1985 year net excludes 35,000 dlr tax credit.
    1985 year includes only six months of operations due to
change in fiscal year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6146>
Shr 56 cts vs 46 cts
    Net 2,005,000 vs 1,685,000
    Sales 189.8 mln vs 156.0 mln
    Avg shrs 3,603,000 vs 3,614,000
    Year
    Shr 1.88 dlrs vs 1.77 dlrs
    Net 6,774,000 vs 6,587,000
    Sales 692.1 mln vs 596.8 mln
    Avg shrs 3,604,000 vs 3,713,000
    NOTE: Net includes tax credits of 250,000 dlrs vs 162,000
dlrs in quarter and 610,000 dlrs vs 1,288,000 dlrs in year.
    Thirteen vs 12 and 53 vs 52-week periods.
    Latest year net includes gain 418,000 dlrs for first nine
months from change in pension accounting, for which results of
first three periods restated.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6147>
Shr 38 cts vs 47 cts
    Net 2,253,664 vs 2,806,820
    Gross income 5,173,318 vs 5,873,904
    NOTE: Net includes gains on sale of real estate of 126,117
dlrs vs 29,812 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6149>
Shr loss 25 cts vs profit three cts
    Net loss 713,000 vs profit 69,000
    Revs 2.4 mln vs 921,000
    Six months
    Shr loss 24 cts vs profit six cts
    Net loss 572,000 vs profit 120,000
    Revs 5.7 mln vs 1.6 mln
    NOTE:To effect change from fiscal to calendar year, company
reported results for six months period ended December 31, 1985.
1985 six months includes one time gain of 35,000 dlrs. 
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6154>
Qtly div 17-1/4 cts vs 17-1/4 cts prior
    Pay April 15
    Record March 31   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6155>
Qtly div four cts vs four cts prior
    Pay April 22
    Record April Three
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6165>
Shr 17 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 7,602,000 vs 4,879,000
    Sales 141.5 mln vs 71.3 mln
    Avg shrs 45.0 mln vs 42.2 mln
    Year
    Shr 45 cts vs 32 cts
    Net 19.5 mln vs 12.0 mln
    Sales 397.2 mln vs 181.1 mln
    Avg shrs 43.4 mln vs 38.2 mln
    NOTE: Prior year net includes 2,600,000 dlr tax credit.
    Share adjusted for two-for-one stock split in June 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6172>
Feb 28
    Oper shr six cts vs two cts
    Oper net 189,683 vs 47,499
    Revs 2,874,930 vs 2,594,574
    NOTE: Prior year net excludes 33,000 dlr tax credit.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6173>
Shr 1.53 dlrs vs 18 cts
    Net 841,893 vs 95,477
    Revs 50.3 mln vs 35.1 mln
                                   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6175>
Shr nine cts vs eight cts
    Net 373,000 vs 269,000
    Sales 3,501,000 vs 2,507,000
    Avg shrs 4,036,000 vs 3,326,000
    NOTE: Periods end January 31, 1987 and 1986, respectively.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6179>
Oper shr 45 cts vs 63 cts
    Oper net 3,805,000 vs 5,155,000
    Revs 12.0 mln vs 10.6 mln
    Year
    Oper shr 1.58 dlrs vs 2.07 dlrs
    Oper net 12,991,000 vs 15,692,000
    Revs 69.8 mln vs 71.7 mln
    Avg shrs 8,265,541 vs 7,598,522
    Note: Current qtr and year figures exclude losses from
discontinued operations of 761,000 dlrs and 875,000 dlrs,
respectively and disposition gain of 6.1 mln dlrs in both
periods.
    Prior qtr and year figures exclude gain from discontinued
operation of 31,000 dlrs and loss of 2,000 dlrs, respectively.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6181>
Oper shr 19 cts vs 18 cts
    Oper net 951,902 vs 987,860
    Revs 19.0 mln vs 17.1 mln
    Six mths
    Oper shr 26 cts vs 35 cts
    Oper net 1,332,273 vs 2,502,868
    Revs 33.6 mln vs 29.2 mln
    Note: Oper net excludes tax credits of 897,925 dlrs vs
841,511,dlrs for qtr and 1,306,860 dlrs vs 2,132,073 dlrs for
six mths.
    Note: Year-ago results restated to reflect change in
accounting principle effective August one, 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6185>
Shr 31 cts vs 21 cts
    Net 182,839 vs 132,804
    Revs 25.0 mln vs 19.4 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6186>
Shr 1.93 dlrs vs 2.21 dlrs
    Net 8,371,000 vs 9,576,000
    Revs 18.3 mln vs 15.7 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6187>
Period end Jan 31
    Shr loss 17 cts vs loss 26 cts
    Net loss 765,808 vs loss 1,216,501
    Revs 15.8 mln vs 18.7 mln
    Six mths
    Shr nil vs profit 54 cts
    Net loss 12.5 mln vs profit 2,538,030
    Revs 32.5 mln vs 42.6 mln
    Avg shrs 4,310,068 vs 4,712,315
    NOTE: Prior yr results restated to reflect change in value
of aircraft, resulting in increase of 232,000 or five cts shr
for six mths
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6198>
Periods ended February 28
    Shr 89 cts vs 87 cts
    Net 119.5 mln vs 114.6 mln
    Revs 872.3 mln vs 917.4 mln
    Avg shrs 134.9 mln vs 131.7 mln
    12 mths
    Shr 2.87 dlrs vs 3.32 dlrs
    Net 383.4 mln vs 413.5 mln
    Revs 4.5 billion vs 4.4 billion
    Avg shrs 133.7 mln vs 124.7 mln
    NOTES: Year ago results restated to reflect application of
new accounting for disallowances
    Full name is Public Service Enterprise Group Inc
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6202>
Shares of Reynolds Metals Co rose
sharply after Wall Street firm Furman Selz Mager Dietz and
Birney issued a report focusing on the strong earnings
potential from the company's Australian gold holding, traders
familiar with the report said.
    Traders said the report notes that earnings from Australian
gold holdings could be worth about 35 cts to 55 cts a share
this year and 1.40 dlrs to two dlrs a share in 1988.
    Reynolds Metals rose three points to 59-5/8 on volume of
729,500 shares.
    Reynolds owns stakes in the Mount Gibson gold project and
the Boddington gold project, both located in Australia. An
analyst familiar with the two mines said "the properties,
together, have a potential value of 20 dlrs to 40 dlrs a share
for Reynolds."
    The analyst, who asked not to be identified, said the rise
in the stock today was likely the result of "U.S. investors
that were not completely cognizant of the size or the
importance of the (Reynolds') holdings in Australia."
    Traders said the Furman Selz report indicates that gold was
discovered mixed with bauxite in the Boddington mine.
Boddington is principally a bauxite mine.
    The traders said the report goes on to say that the profits
from the Boddington gold with substantially reduce the
production costs of the other metals mined at Boddington.
    Traders said Furman Selz also boosted its earnings
estimates, expecting Reynolds Metals to earn 4.10 dlr a share
in 1987 and eight dlrs a share in 1988.
    Last year, Reynolds reported net earnings of 8.18 dlrs a
share, which included 3.09 dlrs a share for adoption of new
accounting rules, 1.01 dlrs a share for tax loss carryforwards
and other extraordinary items.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6205>
Qtly div 15 cts vs 12-1/2 cts prior
    Pay April 15
    Record March 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6211>
Shr profit one cts vs profit four cts
    Net profit 27,490 vs 89,687
    Sales 2,899,189 vs 2,785,931
    Nine mths
    Shr loss four cts vs profit nine cts
    Net loss 78,038 vs profit 184,062
    Sales 8,785,918 vs 8,273,913
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6213>
Oper shr nine cts vs 128 cts
    Qtly div 18 cts vs 22 cts prior
    Oper net 951,000 vs 1,817,000
    Total income 5,010,000 vs 5,575,000
    Nine mths
    Oper shr 39 cts vs 59 cts
    Oper net 4,014,000 vs 5,936,000
    Total income 15.2 mln vs 16.7 mln
    NOTE: Current year net both periods includes 750,000 dslr
provision for possible losses.
    Net excludes gains from sale of investment of 1,461,000
dlrs vs 346,000 dlrs in quarter and in nine mths.
    Dividend pay April 15, record March 31.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6214>
Hilton Hotels Corp expects earnings
per share for first quarter fiscal 1987 to March 31 to be about
90 cts compared with 70 cts a year earlier, Hilton Hotels
division president Carl Mottek said.
    He told a news conference the company expected costs for
its first 10 all-suite hotels, announced today, to be about 150
mln dlrs. Initial financing would come from the company's cash
flow. Later, Hilton plans to use borrowings from traditional
sources, he added.
    Hilton, which hopes to build 50 all-suite hotels within
five years, may take in partners in the new venture, he added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6215>
H.J. Heinz Co is "within sight of our
22nd consecutive year of new records in financial growth" for
the fiscal year ending April 30, Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer Anthony O'Reilly told investment analysts.
    O'Reilly, who declined to make a specific projection, said
the food company is "stronger than at any time in its 118-year
history."
    Last week Heinz reported third-quarter earnings rose to 55
cts a share from 46 cts a share. Sales rose to 1.08 billion
dlrs from 1.01 billion dlrs a year earlier.
    O'Reilly said Heinz will concentrate on backing its big
brands, new products and services, new geography, internal
growth and acquisitions.
    He said Heinz Ketchup has its highest market share in
history, 55 pct. But in response to a question, the executive
said a volume falloff in the overall product category "is a
concern to us."
    O'Reilly said Weight Watchers continues to perform well and
will generate revenue in fiscal 1987 of approximately 940 mln
dlrs.
    O'Reilly told analysts Heinz is in active negotiations to
build a second plant in China, where it entered a joint venture
with the government in 1984, forming Heinz-UFE Ltd, which
produces dry baby food cereal.
    He said Heinz-Japan is "making a profit and generating its
first substantial dividends," and implementation of a new
partnership, Seoul-Heinz Ltd, is moving ahead with a new
manufacturing plant targeted for completion by June in Seoul,
South Korea.
    To increase its competitiveness, O'Reilly said Heinz
implemented a "lowest cost imaginable" program targeted at
manufacturing, sales and marketing and procurement.
    He said a modernization program is in effect at the
company's United Kingdom operations, where the labor force,
trimmed to 4,000 from 10,000, is expected to be further reduced
to 2,500 in 1988.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6220>
MarCor Development Co Inc said
it expects to post a profit for its fiscal year ended February
28 of about two mln dlrs, compared to a year earlier loss of
3.2 mln dlrs.
    During the prior year the company operated as F and M
Importing, a publicly-held wholesale food distributor.
    During March last year privately-held Marcor acquired a
controlling interest in F and M Importing, divested the food
business, renamed the company and began operating as a real
estate investment and service company.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6222>
Valley Resources Inc said its
board declared a three-for-two stock split and raised the
quarterly cash dividend on the pre-split shares to 42 cts from
38 cts.
    The company said both the split and the dividend are
payable April 15 to holders of record March 31.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6227>
Shr loss 28 cts vs loss 80 cts
    Net loss 2,150,000 vs loss 3,722,000
    Sales 1,478,000 vs loss 2,097,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6231>
Qtr ends Jan 31
    Shr 23 cts vs eight cts
    Net 309,963 vs 110,356
    Revs 2,503,451 vs 1,351,076
    Nine mths
    Shr 62 cts vs 25 cts
    Net 851,776 vs 331,666
    Revs 6,739,351 vs 4,107,713
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6232>
Period end Jan 31
    Shr loss one cts vs profit eight cts
    Net loss 52,198 vs profit 602,766
    Revs 18.6 mln vs 7,833,424
    Nine mths
    Shr profit 10 cts vs profit six cts
    Net profit 809,243 vs profit 393,372
    Revs 36.3 mln vs 18.7 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6233>
Shr two cts vs three cts
    Net 369,000 vs 347,000
    Revs 21.3 mln vs 14 mln
    NOTE: Per shr reflects payment of preferred dividends.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6234>
Shr profit two cts vs loss 1.05 dlrs
    Net profit 1,666,000 vs loss 18,306,000
    Revs 29.1 mln vs 28.3 mln
    Avg shrs 69.1 mln vs 17.5 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 21 cts vs loss 2.72 dlrs
    Net loss 7,571,000 vs loss 45,517,000
    Revs 117.4 mln vs 123.3 mln
    Avg shrs 35.4 mln vs 16.7 mln
    NOTE: Results include losses of nil vs 473,000 dlrs, or
three cts a share, in quarter and 921,000 dlrss, or three cts a
share, vs 1,137,000 dlrs or seven cts a share, in year from
discontinued operations
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6235>
Qtly div 15 cts vs 15 cts in prior qtr
    Payable May 11
    Record April 10
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6240>
Shr 38 cts vs 47 cts
    Net 2,253,664 vs 2,806,820
    Revs 5,173,318 vs 5,873,904
    NOTE: 1987 qtr includes 126,117 dlrs, or two cts per share,
from gains on sale of property, vs gain 29,812, or less than
one cent per share, for prior qtr.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6242>
Shr nil vs nil
    Net loss 77,879, vs loss 65,501
    Revs 3,895,741 vs 4,872,163
    Nine mths
    Shr profit nine cts vs profit two cts
    Net profit 488,898 vs profit 118,208
    Revs 13.0 mln vs 15.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6243>
Shr loss three cts vs profit two cts
    Net loss 54,791 vs profit 28,866
    Sales 137,9810 vs 338,886
    Avg shrs 1,602,717 vs 1,331,739
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6244>
Period ended Jan 31
    Shr loss 89 cts vs loss 82 cts
    Net loss 5,187,000 vs loss 5,362,000
    Revs 128.4 mln vs 50.3 mln
    Six mths
    Shr loss 1.27 dlrs vs loss 1.04 dlrs
    Net loss 7,015,000 vs loss 6,790,000
    Revs 264.7 mln vs 97.3 mln
    NOTE: Full name is Great American Management and Investment
Inc
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6248>
Oper shr profit one ct vs loss 1.14 dlrs
    Oper net profit 435,000 vs loss 19.9 mln
    Year
    Oper shr loss 28 cts vs loss 2.78 dlrs
    Oper net loss 10 mln vs loss 46.5 mln
    NOTE: Excludes investment gains of one ct per share vs 12
cts in the quarter, and gains 10 cts per share vs 13 cts in the
year. Excludes loss from discontinued operations of three cts
per share in fourth quarter 1985, and loss of 21 cts per share
vs loss 2.72 dlrs in the year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6252>
Qtly div 82 cts vs 82 cts prior
    Pay April 25
    Record April one
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6254>
Qtr ended Jan 31
    Shr 10 cts vs three cts
    Net 194,842 vs 54,200
    Revs 22.2 mln vs 11.2 mln
    Six mths
    Shr 50 cts vs 28 cts
    Net 965,924 vs 502,008
    Revs 43.8 mln vs 21.6 mln
    Note: Current six mths revs include 16.8 mln dlrs in revs
from John F. Beasley Construction Co, a wholly owned unit.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6257>
Oper shr loss 26 cts vs profit 22 cts
    Oper net loss 672,879 vs profit 596,760
    Revs 2,188,678 vs 2,364,280
    Nine mths
    Oper shr loss 1.60 dlrs vs profit 92 cts
    Oper net loss 4,278,055 vs profit 2,472,532
    Revs 5,896,322 vs 7,497,782
    Note: Oper net excludes tax gains of 596,000 dlrs for
year-ago qtr and 2,173,000 dlrs for year-ago nine mths.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6271>
Shr profit six cts vs profit 17 cts
    Net profit 269,000 vs profit 833,000
    Revs 28.0 mln vs 30.8 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr loss 4.16 dlrs vs profit 74 cts
    Net loss 20.0 mln vs profit 3,543,000
    Revs 93.1 mln vs 117.7 mln
    Note: Current qtr net includes writedown of 20.4 mln dlrs
of net investment in company's oil and gas properties.
    Year-ago results restated to reflect reclassification of
coal mining and marketing segment as ongoing operation rather
than discontinued operation.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6273>
Shr one ct vs five cts
    Net 42,469 vs 226,791
    Sales 7,963,620 vs 6,886,414
    Nine mths
    Shr 12 cts vs 22 cts
    Net 490,927 vs 949,650
    Sales 24.0 mln vs 18.7 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6274>
Shr 14 cts vs 15 cts
    Net 733,000 vs 788,000
    Revs 31.9 mln vs 28.9 mln
    Nine Mths
    Shr 1.08 dlrs vs 1.20 dlrs
    Net 5,560,000 vs 6,162,000
    Revs 104.5 mln vs 97.2 mln
    NOTE: 1987 net includes tax credits of 25,000 dlrs in the
third quarter and 100,000 dlrs in the nine months compared with
370,000 dlrs and 910,000 dlrs in the 1986 periods.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6275>
Qtly div class A nine cts vs 7.5 cts prior
    Qtly div class B nine cts vs 7.5 cts prior
    Pay April 30
    Record March 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6279>
Shr 1.03 dlrs vs 82 cts
    Net 1,982,296 vs 1,359,273
    Revs 2,403,481 vs 1,494,304
    Investments 22.4 mln vs 11.5 mln
    NOTE: Shr figures adjusted for 3-for-2 split Feb 23, 1987.
1985 results reflect operations for eight months ended Dec 31,
1985. Company began operating May 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6280>
Qtly cash distribution 20 cts vs 20 cts prior
    Pay April eight
    Record March 27
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6283>
Period ended Feb 28
    Shr 61 cts vs 56 cts
    Net 2,764,000 vs 2,540,000
    Sales 60.4 mln vs 55.8 mln
    Six mths
    Shr 1.27 dlrs vs 1.15 dlrs
    Net 5,741,000 vs 5,269,000
    Sales 122.8 mln vs 109.9 mln
    NOTE: Per-share data restated for 10 pct stock dividends
paid to holders of record Dec 26, 1986 and Dec 26, 1985
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6287>
Taunton Savings Bank said its
board declared an initial cash dividend of six cts per share.
    Taunton, which went public last June, said the rate was
based on 3,220,000 outstanding shares.
    It said the dividend was payable April 15 to shareholders
of record March 31.
    The company said it did not know if it would pay regular
dividends in the future.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6288>
Shr loss 14 cts vs loss one ct
    Net loss 836,327 vs loss 34,926
    Revs 8,939,390 vs 8,136,160
    Year
    Shr loss 34 cts vs loss nil
    Net loss 2,008,103 vs loss 14,078
    Revs 30.1 mln vs 28.0 mln
    Note: Year-ago results restated to reflect acquisition of
Spartacus Inc in Febaruary 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6293>
Oper shr 94 cts vs 93 cts
    Oper net 8,889,000 vs 8,570,000
    Revs 155.0 mln vs 123.4 mln
    Avg shrs 9,450,000 vs 9,174,000
    NOTE: Net excludes discontinued operations a gain of
4,679,000 dlrs, or 50 cts a share vs a loss of 720,000 dlrs, or
seven cts a share. 1986 net includes charge of 865,000 dlrs
from repeal of investment tax credits
    Company corrects 1985 year per-share operating net in table
which originally ran march 10
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6295>
Shr 31 cts vs 31 cts prior
    Payable April 24
    Record March 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6297>
Period ends February 28
    Shr 89 cts vs 87 cts
    Net 119.5 mln vs 114.6 mln
    Revs 872.3 mln vs 917.4 mln
    Year
    Shr 2.87 dlrs vs 3.32 dlrs
    Net 383.4 mln vs 413.6 mln
    Revs 4.45 billion vs 4.45 billion
    NOTE: Full name Public Service Enterprise Group Inc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6298>
Shr profit 49 cts vs loss 41 cts
    Net profit 543,000 vs loss 457,000
    Revs 10.4 mln vs 14.2 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 71 cts vs loss 2.11 dlrs
    Net loss 781,000 vs loss 2,325,000
    Revs 38.9 mln vs 44.9 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6299>
Shr loss 12 cts vs loss 99 cts
    Net loss 1,476,000 vs loss 11,965,000
    Sales 83.4 mln vs 110.9 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 1.79 dlrs vs loss 1.90 dlrs
    Net loss 21,720,000 vs loss 22,969,000
    Sales 259.0 mln vs 317.3 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6305>
Qtly div 31 cts vs 31 cts prior
    Pay April 24
    Record March 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6306>
Shr 48 cts vs 64 cts
    Net 1,959,404 vs 2,621,778
    Revs 5,132,626 vs 8,167,401
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6309>
Shr profit 14 cts vs loss 55 cts
    Net profit 864,000 vs loss 2.1 mln
    Revs 24.2 mln vs 1.5 mln
    Six months
    Shr profit seven cts vs loss 74 cts
    Net profit 434,000 vs loss 2.7 mln
    Revs 42.5 mln vs 2.9 mln
    NOTE:1986 2nd qtr and six months includes loss of 600,000
dlrs and 285,000 dlrs respectively from discontinued operations
and exclude operations of Action DRug Co Inc acquired by
company's 81 pct owned subsidiary, Technodyne, in August 1986.
    1987 net includes gain of 2.0 mln dlrs from sale of
building and extraordinary gain of 411,000 dlrs from tax loss
carryforward.
    Share earnings for both periods reflect preferred stock
dividends.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6310>
Shr profit 14 cts vs loss 17 cts
    Net profit 686,000 vs loss 831,000
    Revs 24.2 mln vs 1.5 mln
    Six mths
    Shr profit 22 cts vs loss 17 cts
    Net profit 1,062,000 vs loss 812,000
    Revs 42.5 mln vs 2.9 mln
    NOTE: Quarter ends January 31.
    1986 excludes extraordinary gain of six cts per share in
the quarter and 10 cts in the six months. 1985 excludes
discontinued operations loss of six cts a share in the quarter
and loss of two cts in the six months.
    Company is 81.5 pct owned by Electro Audio Dynamics &lt;EAD>.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6311>
Period ended January 31
    Shr 22 cts vs 16 cts
    Net 518,564 vs 374,198
    Revs 2,090,724 vs 1,614,079
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6312>
Duff and Phelps Selected Utilities Inc
said it approved payment of higher monthly dividends.
    The closed end-investment company approved payment of 4.5
cts on April 10, record March 31; of five cts, payable May 11,
record April 30; and of 5.5 cts, payable June 10, record May
29.
    Duff and Phelps first monthly dividend of four cts was paid
on March 10, it noted.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6313>
Qtr ends Jan 31
    Shr loss three cts vs loss six cts
    Net loss 93,000 vs loss 191,000
    Revs 338,000 vs 554,000
    Six mths
    Shr loss four cts vs loss seven cts
    Net loss 108,000 vs loss 219,000
    Revs 854,000 vs 1,283,000
    NOTE: Company is 80 pct owned by Technodyne Inc &lt;TND>, a
subsidiary of Electro Audio Dynamics Inc &lt;EAD>.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6323>
Shr 10 cts vs 10 cts
    Net 358,941 vs 299,838
    Revs 8,645,289 vs 4,532,175
    Avg shrs 3,446,752 vs 2,921,173
    Nine mths
    Shr 23 cts vs 12 cts
    Net 705,799 vs 491,076
    Revs 21.5 mln vs 11.0 mln
    Avg shrs 3,093,491 vs 4,068,000
    Note: Net includes tax credits of 164,000 dlrs vs 123,634
dlrs for qtr and 311,000 dlrs vs 207,719 dlrs for nine mths.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6324>
Qtly div 41.5 cts vs 41.5 cts prior
    Pay April 28
    Record March 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6325>
Shr loss nine cts vs profit 23 cts
    Net loss 418,000 vs profit 1,037,000
    Revs 2,872,000 vs 4,700,000
    Six mths
    Shr profit nine cts vs profit 52 cts
    Net profit 418,000 vs profit 2,365,000
    Revs 6,853,000 vs 9,379,000
    NOTE: Includes tax loss carryforward gains of 164,000 dlrs
vs 551,000 dlrs in quarter, and gains of 365,000 dlrs vs
1,016,000 dlrs in the six months.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6335>
Shr 46.5 H.K. Cents vs 29.3
    Final div 14 cents, making 20 cents (no comparison)
    Net 1.23 billion dlrs vs 777.5 mln
    Turnover 9.06 billion dlrs vs 7.52 billion
    Note - Dividend payable May 29, books close May 11 to 22.
    Note - Company floated in April 1986 and is now 50.23 pct
owned by Swire Pacific Ltd &lt;SWPC.HK>, 16.43 pct by Hongkong and
Shanghai Banking Corp &lt;HKBH.HK> and 12.5 pct by &lt;China
International Trust and Investment Corp>.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6341>
Shr 21.6 H.K. Cents vs 12
    Final div six cents vs three, making nine cents vs 5.5
    Net 121 mln dlrs vs 67.42 mln
    Note - Extraordinary gains 72 mln dlrs vs 2.7 mln. Special
bonus four cents vs nil. Dividend payable May 25, books close
April 28 to May 6.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6349>
Shr 20.3p vs 19.1p
    Div 6.0p vs 5.15p making 9.5p vs 8.0p
    Turnover 1.93 billion stg vs 1.91 billion
    Pretax profit 125.2 mln vs 102.2 mln
    Tax 42.5 mln vs 31.1 mln
    Trading profit 138.0 mln vs 122.7 mln
    Trading profit includes -
    UB Foods Europe 88.7 mln vs 78.4 mln
    UB Restaurants 10.3 mln vs same
    UB Foods U.S. 43.8 mln vs 39.1 mln
    Other 3.9 mln vs 3.5 mln
    Unallocated costs 8.7 mln vs 8.6 mln
    Interest 12.8 mln vs 20.5 mln
    Note - full name of company is United Biscuits (Holdings)
Plc
    Minority interests 0.1 mln vs same
    Extraordinary charges 6.8 mln vs 14.3 mln
    Extraordinary charges and credits include -
    Surplus on bid for Imperial Group Plc 4.9 mln vs nil
    Costs of Philadelphia bakery closure nil vs 19.6 mln
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6353>
Cathay Pacific Airways Ltd &lt;CAPH.HK>
forecast another good year in 1987 in view of good growth in
both passenger and cargo traffic volumes early this year over
the year-earlier period.
    The airline did not quantify its performance in early 1987
but said it would take delivery of one Boeing Co &lt;BA.N> 747
freighter and one Boeing 747-300 passenger plane in September
and November respectively after it took a 747-300 last month.
    It earlier reported a 58.7 pct increase in 1986 net profit
to 1.23 billion H.K. Dlrs and announced a final dividend of 14
cents a share.
    But Cathay Pacific recorded sharp increases in net finance
charges to 124.9 mln dlrs from 44.4 mln a year.
    A spokesman for the firm linked the rise to two aircraft
deliveries in 1986.
    However, the company said in a statement good returns from
funds placed with investment managers had partly offset higher
interest costs resulting from additional lease financing and
other borrowing.
    It added that the airline last year also saw aviation fuel
prices fall to an average 4.59 dlrs a gallon from 6.76 dlrs in
1985.
    Passengers carried by Cathay Pacific totalled 4.2 mln last
year, up from 3.85 in 1985, with the passengers kilometre
travelled rising to 14.02 billion from 12.56 billion. But
passenger load factor was down to 69.1 pct from 71.0 pct.
    The airline's cargo operations recorded growth of 21 pct in
total tonnage over the previous year and a 35.9 pct rise in
revenue to 1.79 billion dlrs.
    Cathay Pacific floated its shares in April, 1986 and is now
50.23 pct owned by Swire Pacific Ltd &lt;SWPC.HK>, 16.43 pct by
Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corp &lt;HKBH.HK> and 12.5 pct by
&lt;China International Trust and Investment Corp>.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6356>
Shr basic 39.2p vs 36.0p
    Shr fully diluted 37.2p vs 34.3p
    Div 7.0p making 10.5p vs 8.5p
    Pretax profit 82.19 mln stg vs 68.82 mln
    Tax 27.25 mln vs 27.42 mln
    Minority interest 986,000 debit vs 124,000 credit
    Extraordinary items 411,000 credit vs 219,000 debit
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6358>
Six months to Dec 31.
    Shr 16 H.K. Cents vs 11
    Interim div seven cents vs five
    Net 211.03 mln dlrs vs 138.69 mln
    Turnover 583.83 mln dlrs vs 441.04 mln
    Note - Dividend payable May 4, books close April 21 to 27.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6372>
Net profit 25.5 mln Swiss francs vs 22.2
mln
    Turnover 717 mln vs 739 mln
    Cash flow 75.4 mln vs 58.1 mln
    Proposed dividend 70 francs vs same
    Note - Company plans one for two rights issue of 40,000
participation certificates of nominal 50 francs. Conditions not
yet set.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6376>
Sony Corp &lt;SNE.T> group net income is
expected to be down 65 pct for the five months ending March 31
from the same period a year ago at around 10 billion yen, if
the yen&#127;dollar rate remains at the present level, managing
director Tsunao Hashimoto told a press conference.
    Sony will have an irregular five-month business term ending
March 31, as its financial year will be changed to run from
April 1 to March 31 from the current October 31 year end.
    Group sales in the same period are estimated at about 550
billion yen, down five pct from a year earlier, he said.
    The company earlier reported net income of 7.65 billion yen
in the three month period ended January 31, down 59.2 pct from
a year earlier, on sales of 343.06 billion, down 6.3 pct.
    The gloomy profits and sales resulted from the yen's recent
appreciation against the dollar and a sharp drop in market
prices due to severe sales competition at home and abroad.
    The yen rose 26 pct to an average of 159 yen to the dollar,
reducing the company's total sales in the three month period by
40 billion yen, Hashimoto said.
    Sales of 8-mm video camera/recorders totalled 300,000 units
in the three months, unchanged from a year earlier, while
Beta-format video tape recorders (vtrs) sales fell to 300,000
from 350,000. Sales of compact disc players rose to 450,000
from 300,000 and those of the Walkman rose to 2.25 mln from
1.30 mln but colour television sales fell to 950,000 from one
mln due to lower exports to China.
    Sales of 8-mm vtrs had already exceeded Beta-format vtrs
sales since the beginning of fiscal 1986, Hashimoto said.
Overseas sales accounted for 68.2 pct of the total in the three
months compared with 71.3 pct a year earlier.
    Overseas production will account for 35 pct of its total
production in 1990 from the present 20 pct.
    Hashimoto also said parent current profit in the five-month
period is estimated at around 17 billion yen, down 33 pct from
a year earlier, on sales of 400 billion, down 12 pct.
    Sony is hoping to retain at least 1985/86 levels of group
net profits and sales in the new financial year starting April
1 1987, he added. The company made 41.9 billion yen group net
profit in the year ended November 31 1986, down 42.6 pct from a
year earlier, on sales of 1,325 billion, down 6.7 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6419>
Matrix Science Corp said its
board declared a two-for-one stock split and a six-cent per
share (pre stock split) dividend, payable May 7 to stockholders
of record April 16.
    The company said the dividend is in addition to the ten cts
per share dividend paid January 2, 1987, making the post stock
split annual dividend eight cts per share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6420>
Shr loss 69 cts vs loss 1.45 dlrs
    Net loss 2,015,000 vs loss 4,268,000
    Revs 16.6 mln vs 16.9 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 1.21 dlrs vs loss 59 cts
    Net loss 3,514,000 vs loss 1,839,000
    Revs 58.8 mln vs 61.4 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6434>
Rank Organisation Plc &lt;RANK.L> said
trading in the current year had continued satisfactorily taking
into account seasonal fluctuations.
    Association companies, such as &lt;Rank-Xerox Ltd>, indicated
an improved performance, a statement issued at the annual
meeting said.
    It said it planned to spend some 15 mln stg on refurbishing
its Odeon cinema chain and the Rank Film Distributors unit was
committed to spending 20 mln to secure international
distribution rights of films.
    Investment in new activities in 1987 should continue at a
relatively high level to exploit opportunities for growth. Rank
said it did not exclude the possibility of making large as well
as small acquisitions.
    In the year to end-October, Rank reported a rise in pretax
profits to 164.1 mln stg from 136.0 mln previously.
    Rank shares firmed in morning trading to be quoted at 712p
at 1320 GMT after 697p at last night's close.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6437>
Shr 3.65 dlrs vs 33 cts
    Net 82.5 mln vs 7,300,000
    Sales 94.4 mln vs 85.4 mln
    Avg shrs 22.6 mln vs 21.7 mln
    NOTE: Current year net includes pretax gain 175.2 mln dlrs
on sale of ophthalmic business and loss 17.9 mln dlrs posttax
from repurchase of debt.
    Prior year net includes 120,000 dlr loss from discontinued
operations.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6438>
CooperVision Inc said it has
delayed its annual meeting to June 22 from May 14 to allow its
board to review possible recapitalization options before the
meeting.
    CooperVision today reported first quarter net income of
64.6 mln dlrs, after a 175.2 mln dlr pretax gain from the sale
of its ophthalmic business to Johnson and Johnson &lt;JNJ> for 260
mln dlrs in cash and a 17.9 mln dlr posttax charge from a debt
repurchase.  Sales were 94.4 mln dlrs.  A year earlier it
earned 7,300,000 dlrs after a 120,000 dlr loss from
discontinued operations, on sales of 85.4 mln dlrs.
    The company said an aggressive program of investment
spending to maintain or increase market shares its its two core
businesses will accelerate sales growth this year but hold back
increases in operating income in the near future.
    CooperVision said "Furthermore, until the entire net cash
proceeds from the recent sales of several of our businesses are
employed to reduce indebtedness, make strategic acquisitions
and/or are otherwise employed in relation to a possible
recapitalization of the company, recovery of net income will be
held back by the loss, particularly of the tax income, of the
(ophthalmic) pharmaceutical business sold to Johnson and
Johnson."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6447>
Oper shr 55 cts vs 36 cts
    Oper net 20.7 mln vs 13.6 mln
    Sales 2.34 billion vs 1.58 billion
    Avg shrs 38.1 mln vs 37.7 mln
    Year
    Oper shr 1.82 dlrs vs 1.48 dlrs
    Oper net 69.0 mln vs 56.1 mln
    Sales 7.83 billion vs 6.62 billion
    Avg shrs 38.0 mln vs 37.8 mln
    NOTES: Results for 13 and 53 week periods ended Feb 28,
1987, and 12 and 52 week periods ended Feb 22, 1986
    Operating net excludes credits from tax loss carryforwards
of none vs 5.3 mln dlrs, or 14 cts a share in quarter and 26.0
mln dlrs, or 68 cts a share, vs 32.2 mln dlrs, or 85 cts a
share, in year
    Company had 1,200 stores inoperation at year end vs 1,045 a
year earlier
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6454>
Shr 89 cts vs 68 cts
    Net 116.0 mln vs 88.1 mln
    Revs 1.17 billion vs 924.0 mln
    12 mths
    Shr 1.17 dlrs vs 93 cts
    Net 152.2 mln vs 119.8 mln
    Revs 2.44 billion vs 1.97 billion
    NOTE: net 1986 were restated to reflect three-for-two stock
split on June 27, 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6455>
Shr 34 cts vs 27 cts
    Qtrly div six cts vs 4.5 cts prior
    Net 6,448,000 vs 4,969,000
    Revs 51.1 mln vs 44.7 mln
    Avg shrs 19.1 mln vs 18.7 mln
    NOTE: pay for dividend was March 11 to shareholders of
record on Feb 20.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6456>
Qtr ends Jan 31
    Shr three cts vs one cent
    Qtrly div seven cts vs seven cts prior
    Net 106,185 vs 28,871
    Revs 46.9 mln vs 30.3 mln
    12 mths
    Shr 33 cts vs 23 cts
    Net 1,306,595 vs 878,484
    Revs 187.2 mln vs 140.8 mln
    NOTE: effective July One, 1986, the company acquired the
outstanding stock of Western American Forest Product Inc for
cash and convertible debentures. the acqustion is accounted for
as a purchase and consolidated statements include Western's
results of operations from July One, 1986.
    payout for dividend is may six to stockholders of record on
April 13.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6457>
Qtrly div five cts vs five cts
    Pay April 20
    Record March 30
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6458>
Shr loss five cts vs loss 15 cts
    Net loss 619,000 vs loss 1,730,000
    Sales 3,138,000 vs 5,667,000
    Avg shrs 12.5 mln vs 11.5 mln
    Year
    Shr loss four cts vs loss 40 cts
    Net loss 343,000 vs loss 3,963,000
    Sales 13.4 mln vs 35.3 mln
    Avg shrs 12.5 mln vs 10.3 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6460>
Qtrly div 96 cts vs 90 cts
    Pay May One, 1987
    Record March 31, 1987
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6461>
Rhodes Inc said it now estimates fourth
quarter, ended February 28, earnings were eight cts a share,
down from the 25 cts earned in the final quarter of fiscal
1986.
    The company said the major causes for the reduction were an
unfavorable LIFO adjustment and softer than projected sales in
the quarter, due primarily to unfavorable weather.
    Despite the 4th qtr results, Rhodes said, "net income for
the year just ended should come close to the record level of
the previous year" -- 1.61 dlrs dlrs a share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6465>
The Great Atlantic and Pacific
Tea Co said its three-year 345 mln dlr capital program will be
be substantially increased to accommodate growth and expansion
plans for Waldbaum Inc and Shopwell Inc over the next two
years.
    A and P said the acquisition of Shopwell in August 1986 and
Waldbaum in December "helped us achieve better than expected
results in the fourth quarter" ended February 28. Its net
income from continuing operations jumped 52.6 pct to 20.7 mln
dlrs, or 55 cts a share, in the latest quarter as sales
increased 48.3 pct to 1.58 billion dlrs.
    A and P gave no details on the expanded capital program,
but it did say it completed the first year of the program
during 1986.
    A and P is 52.4 pct owned by &lt;Tengelmann
Warenhandelsgesellschaft> of West Germany.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6466>
Oper shr 69 cts vs 83 cts
    Oper net 35.9 mln vs 42.4 mln
    Revs 798.9 mln vs 659.2 mln
    Avg shrs 52.0 mln vs 50.9 mln
    Nine mths
    Oper shr 2.38 dlrs vs 2.75 dlrs
    Oper net 123.3 mln vs 135.6 mln
    Revs 2.31 billion vs 1.86 billion
    Avg shrs 51.8 mln vs 49.3 mln
    NOTE: Net excludes losses from discontinued operations of
nil vs 16.1 mln dlrs in quarter and 227.5 mln dlrs vs 42.7 mln
dlrs in nine mths.
    Quarter net includes gains from sale of aircraft of two mln
dlrs vs 6,200,000 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6471>
&lt;Morgan Grenfell Group Plc> said its
1986 pre-tax profits were lower than forecast because of
depreciation in the value of its Guinness Plc &lt;GUIN.L> shares
and because of securities trading losses in the U.S.
    Morgan chairman Lord Catto said the losses on the group's
seven mln Guinness shares in addition to a 3.5 mln dlr loss on
its risk arbitrage operation in New York depressed profits some
eight mln stg to 82.2 mln.
    He also told a news conference Morgan had received informal
approaches about a takeover of the group but was not
interested. No formal offers had been made, but Catto would not
elaborate.
    Morgan Grenfell acted as merchant banker to Guinness during
the brewing company's successful bid for Distillers Co Plc
&lt;DIST.L> in the first half of last year.
    The U.K. Government launched an investigation into the
affairs of Guinness last December. Public concern has focused
on the way Guinness may have breached U.K. Company law and the
Takeover Code by prompting others to support its share price
during the bid.
    Morgan chief executive Christopher Reeves, head of
corporate finance Graham Walsh and senior corporate finance
director Roger Seelig all resigned in January over the Guinness
affair.
    Another senior Morgan Grenfell executive, Geoffrey Collier,
resigned late last year on allegations of trading on insider
information. He currently faces criminal charges.
    Lord Catto said the second half of 1986 had been "one of the
most traumatic in our history," but that clients and staff had
been supportive.
    "I certainly look on the future in a positive way. We have
the worst behind us and have swept nothing under the carpet."
    Profits for the year, up 19.4 pct from 1985 pre-tax profits
of 68.8 mln stg, were mainly due to a high contribution from
corporate finance activities and progress in asset management.
    Finance Director David Ewart told the news conference the
performance of the group so far in 1987 was "within reasonable
touch of the budget."
    Lord Catto also said the group was actively seeking a new
chief executive to replace Sir Peter Carey, who is acting as
interim director after Reeves' resignation, and hopes to have a
new chief executive within a few months.
    He also said Reeves and Walsh had been paid a total of
562,000 stg in compensation following their resignations, but
declined to say how much each man got. Negotiations were going
on to determine an amount of compensation for Seelig, he said.
    Morgan Grenfell shares stood at a late 366p, 9p down on
yesterday's 375p.
 REUTER...
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6474>
Qtly div four cts vs three cts prior
    Pay April 15
    Record March 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6475>
Qtr ends dec 31
    Shr one cent vs 15 cts
    Net 466,000 vs 6,866,000
    Revs 123.1 mln vs 93.5 mln
    NOTE: the company changed its fiscal year end from Aug 31
to Dec 31. qtr prior ended Jan 17, 1986 and included two more
weeks than current qtr.
    current qtr includes loss 899,000 for accounting change.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6476>
Shr 26 cts vs 18 ctsd
    Net 2,102,000 vs 1,415,000
    Revs 44.1 mln vs 42.2 mln
    Year
    Shr 21 cts vs 91 cts
    Net 1,678,000 vs 7,105,000
    Revs 155.1 mln vs 149.2 mln
    Avg shrs 7,960,000 vs 7,808,000
    NOTE: Latest year net includes writeoff of investment in
Dawn Enterprises ethanol refinery of 79 cts shr.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6478>
NFS Financial Corp said its board
declared an initial dividend of five cts per share, payable
April 21 to holders of record March 31.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6481>
Audi AG &lt;NSUG.F>, the 99 pct owned
subsidiary of Volkswagen AG &lt;VOWG.F>, said profit in 1986 fell
by around half compared with 1985, when it achieved a record
221 mln marks net profit, a rise of 19.5 pct on the previous
year.
    Managing board chairman Wolfgang Habbel told a news
conference he expected both profit and turnover to rise this
year compared with 1986, but he said it was questionable
whether 1987 profit would return to 1985 levels.
    He gave no figure for 1986 profit. Audi had predicted last
year that 1986 profit would likely fall by an unspecified
amount from 1985's record levels.
    Habbel said turnover in 1986 rose to 9.9 billion marks from
9.6 billion in 1985 and looked certain to rise to over 10
billion this year.
    Asked whether Audi would pay a dividend to VW to help the
parent company overcome its currency losses, Habbel said Audi
would ensure VW got a share of profits.
    Audi's entire 1985 net profit was paid into its own free
reserves to help finance investment. In the previous 10 years
VW had received 80 pct of Audi's earnings as a dividend.
    Habbel blamed the profit decline on disruptions to output
caused by the introduction of the new Audi 80 model, on
currency factors and on negative publicity in the U.S. About
alleged "sudden acceleration" of some of its Audi 5000 models.
    As reported, Audi's sales in the U.S. Dropped nearly 20 pct
to 59,800 last year.
    Habbel said the U.S. Sales decline would probably bottom
out in 1987.
    Audi's worldwide car deliveries fell two pct to 363,000.
    Of the total, exports fell 10.5 pct to a rounded 210,000,
but domestic sales increased to a rounded 154,000 from 137,180
in 1985.
    Habbel said the new Audi 80 had sold extremely well in the
first two months of 1987, helping Audi to increase its overall
market share in West Germany to 8.4 pct from 5.2 pct in the
same months of 1986. Sales in Europe also rose but U.S. Sales
fell further, he said without giving details. Worldwide
deliveries in the first two months increased eight pct to
57,000.
    Audi said in January that 1987 car production would rise to
over 400,000 from 384,000 in 1986, when output had fallen
compared with 1985's 392,000.
    Habbel said Audi expected the rise in output to lead to
further new hiring of employees.
    At the end of 1986 Audi's workforce stood at a record
39,800, a rise of 3,400 over 1985.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6485>
Feb 28 end
    Shr profit 11 cts vs loss 37 cts
    Net profit 3,027,000 vs loss 10.4 mln
    Revs 22.3 mln vs 19.9 mln
    Avg shrs 28.6 mln vs 29.0 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr profit 34 cts vs loss 22 cts
    Net profit 9,560,000 vs loss 6,072,000
    Revs 71.9 mln vs 64.7 mln
    Avg shrs 28.5 mln vs 27.9 mln
    NOTE: Prior year net both periods after 15.2 mln dlr
writeoff.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6491>
Period ended February 28
    Shr 25 cts vs 25 cts
    Net 6,292,000 vs 6,340,000
    Sales 97.0 mln vs 87.0 mln
    Six mths
    Shr 36 cts vs 28 cts
    Net 9,122,000 vs 7,053,000
    Sales 193.2 mln vs 168.6 mln
    NOTE: 1986 period ended March One
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6495>
Shr 85 cts vs 24 cts
    Net 2,381,000 vs 754,000
    Revs 35.3 mln vs 32.6 mln
    Avg shrs 2,777,620 vs 3,161,603
    Six mths
    Shr 1.35 dlrs vs 44 cts
    Net 3,756,000 vs 1,388,000
    Revs 65.8 mln vs 64.3 mln
    Avg shrs 2,777,620 vs 3,161,603

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6496>
Shr loss 10 cts vs profit six cts
    Net loss 986,000 vs profit 576,000
    Rev 9.6 mln vs 9.1 mln
    Year
    Shr loss seven cts vs profit 27 cts
    Net loss 714,000 vs profit 2,299,000
    Rev 42.8 mln vs 34.6 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6500>
Shr profit five cts vs profit two cts
    Net profit 268,000 vs profit 134,000
    Revs 6,951,000 vs 5,938,000
    12 mths
    Shr profit 14 cts vs loss 11 cts
    Net profit 801,000 vs loss 623,000
    Revs 24.6 mln vs 24.3 mln
    NOTE: full name of company is american physicians service
group inc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6503>
Philip Crosby Associates Inc
said it expects its audited results for 1986's fourth quarter
to be lower than its previously estimated 10 to 15 cts per
share.
    Philip Crosby Jr, executive vice president, said normal
accounting adjustments, as well as a review of the company's
international operations due to a previously reported alleged
embezzlement, resulted in the lower results.
    Philip Crosby reported fourth quarter 1985 results of 1.3
mln dlrs, or 37 cts a share prior to an August 15 two-for-one
stock split.
    Crosby said, however, he expects the company to report
higher first quarter 1987 revenues than the 1986 first quarter
revenues of 11.8 mln dlrs.
    Crosby said that tuition levels from the management
consulting service company's courses this month are at the
highest level in the company's history.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6504>
Shr profit three cts vs loss 44 cts
    Net profit 247,000 vs loss 2,410,000
    Revs 3,845,000 vs 3,264,000
    Avg shrs 8,743,000 vs 5,507,000
    Year
    Shr profit one ct vs loss 53 cts
    Net profit 41,300 vs loss 2,840,000
    Revs 13.0 vs 9,767,000
    Avg shrs 7,497,000 vs 5,384,000
    NOTE: 1985 4th qtr and year net includes two mln dlr loss
for litigation settlement and 589,000 dlrs for write-off of
goodwill.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6505>
Shr two cts vs six cts
    Net 43,295 vs 147,724
    Revs 3,787,507 vs 4,000,019
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6506>
Qtrly div five cts vs five cts
    Pay Apirl 10
    Record March 30
    
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6507>
Group profit after financial income and expenses 731 mln
    Crowns vs 651 mln
    Sales 10.15 billion crowns vs 10.05 billion
    Profit per share after full taxes - 31.80 crowns vs 30
    Crowns
    Proposed dividend - 11 crowns vs 10 crowns.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6509>
Qtly div 1-3/4 cts vs 1-3/4 cts prior
    Pay April 15
    Record April One
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6514>
Qtly div five cts vs five cts prior
    Pay April 20
    Record April 13 
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6520>
Shr loss six cts vs profit three cts
    Net loss 368,188 vs profit 149,334
    Revs 3,9i3,523 vs 4,129,240
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6521>
ANIMED Inc said it expects to
return to profitability during the current year.
    Today it reported a loss for the first quarter ended in
January of 368,188 dlrs compared with a 149,334 dlr profit a
year before.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6522>
Shr loss 14 cts vs loss 31 cts
    Net loss 144,522 vs loss 334,890
    Revs 10,019,828 vs 9,021,835
    Year
    Shr loss 16 cts vs profit 10 cts
    Net loss 170,177 vs profit 105,090
    Revs 36.8 mln vs 36.1 mln
    Avg shrs 1,068,850 vs 1,074,624
    NOTE: 1985 period ended December 28
    1985 earnings include loss in each period from discontinued
operations of 184,777 dlrs
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6523>
Shr 20 cts vs 34 cts
    Net 797,000 vs 1,137,000
    Rev 22.2 mln vs 18.2 mln
    Avg shares 3,966,667 vs 3,366,667
    Year
    Shr 73 cts vs one dlr
    Net 2,625,000 vs 3,371,000
    Rev 69.6 mln vs 62.9 mln
    Avg shares 3,583,653 vs 3,366,667
    NOTE: 1986 includes extraordinary gain of 281,000 dlrs, or
eight cts a share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6524>
Shr profit 48 cts vs loss 21 cts
    Net profit 1,308,503 vs loss 561,384
    Revs 56.0 mln vs 66.1 mln
    NOTE: 1986 net includes pretax gain 2,429,563 dlrs from
sale of Worldwide Computer Services Inc subsidiary and 352,000
dlr tax credit.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6525>
Deutsche Babcock AG
&lt;DBCG.F> will increase its dividend on results in the year
ending September 30, 1987, chief executive Helmut Wiehn said.
    Wiehn told a news conference Deutsche Babcock would double
the absolute amount it distributes to shareholders. This
overall increase would also be due partly to an increase of
nominal share capital by 100 mln marks to 350 mln marks.
    A higher dividend had been anticipated because Deutsche
Babcock has said in the past that it will only raise capital
when it can make a lasting improvement in the dividend.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6528>
Qtly div three cts vs three cts prior
    Pay May 4
    Record April 3
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6529>
Net loss 1,321,000 vs loss 1,397,000
    Sales 31.1 mln vs 29.2 mln
    1st half
    Net loss 94,000 vs loss 1,745,000
    Sales 63.0 mln vs 61.9 mln
    NOTE: Company recently went private.
    Latest quarter net includes 24,000 dlr tax credit.
    Current half net includes gain 2,041,000 dlrs pretax from
termination of pension plan.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6532>
Commercial National Corp said
it cut its quarterly dividend to 15 cts per share from 25 cts
due to current expectations for 1987 earnings.
    The company said the dividend is payable April 10 to
holders of record March 31.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6533>
Shr 14 cts vs 22 cts
    Net 188,000 vs 307,000
    Sales 14.6 mln vs 12.1 mln
    Year
    Shr 44 cts vs 63 cts
    Net 600,000 vs 852,000
    Sales 51.0 mln vs 45.7 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6534>
Shr 34 cts vs 22 cts
    Net 1,280,185 vs 875,692
    Revs 19.0 mln vs 15.8 mln
    Assets 585.6 mln vs 469.1 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6539>
Kinder-Care Inc projected its
1987 earnings to be 44 mln dlrs.
    Richard Grassgreen, president of the company, said earnings
per share are expected to be between 97 cts and one dlr in
comparison to 75 cts earnings per share for the fiscal year
ended August 29, 1986, and 80 cts for the trailing 12 months
ended November 1986.
    Greengrass said this represents an earnings per share
increase of approximately 25 to 30 pct.
    The company said it changed its fiscal year end from August
31 to December 31.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6540>
Shr profit 11 cts vs loss 1.45 dlrs
    Net profit 267,000 vs loss 3,458,000
    Sales 23.6 mln vs 23.0 mln
    First half
    Shr loss 27 cts vs loss 1.91 dlrs
    Net loss 633,000 vs loss 4,548,000
    Sales 46.2 mln vs 49.7 mln
    Avg shrs 2,382,000 vs 2,381,000
    Backlog 26.1 mln vs 36.0 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6547>
Continental Illinois Corp said if the
Brazilian debt moratorium remains in effect, it may place its
medium and long term loans to Brazil on a cash basis.
    This would increase non-performing loans by about 380 mln
dlrs and reduce income before taxes and net income by about 10
mln dlrs in the 1987 first quarter and 35 mln dlrs for the full
year, company officials told a press briefing.
    Loans to Brazil at 1986 year end totaled 474 mln dlrs,
according to the annual report released at the briefing.
    In February 1987, the Brazilian government, citing a
declining level of foreign currency reserves, declared a
moratorium on the payment of interest on the country's medium
and long term debt obligations.
    Continental said it may take similar action on its loans to
Ecuador, which total 25 mln dlrs. This would reduce 1987
pre-tax and after-tax net by 800,000 dlrs in the first quarter,
and by two mln dlrs for the full year, the bank-holding
company's officers said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6549>
Shr loss 3.26 dlrs vs loss 2.75 dlrs
    Net loss 3,479,744 vs 2,939,619
    Year
    Shr loss 5.58 dlrs vs loss 2.20 dlrs
    Net loss 5,964,454 vs loss 2,341,818
    NOTE: Net includes tax credits of 108,798 dlrs vs 1,445,275
dlrs in quarter and 838,690 dlrs vs 1,124,805 dlrs in year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6551>
Shr loss 24 cts vs profit 23 cts
    Net loss 5,106,000 vs profit 5,120,000
    Sales 11.4 mln vs 20.4 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 19 cts vs profit 73 cts
    Net loss 4,062,000 vs profit 15.7 mln
    Sales 50.4 mln vs 80.5 mln
    Avg shrs 21.7 mln vs 21.6 mln
    NOTE: 1986 net includes tax credits of 2,742,000 dlrs in
quarter and 5,903,000 dlrs in year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6552>
Shr loss 22 cts vs profit 10 cts
    Net loss 1,056,000 vs profit 427,000
    Sales 5,440,000 vs 4,982,000
    Avg shrs 5,229,542 vs 4,435,691
    Year
    Shr profit one ct vs profit 26 cts
    Net profit 29,000 vs profit 993,000
    Sales 19.1 mln vs 16.8 mln
    Avg shrs 4,947,632 vs 3,780,543
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6559>
Vista Chemical co said it expects
earnings for the year ending September 30 to be up
substantially, but extensive planned downtime at two of its
plants is expected to affect third quarter results.
    It said it is looking at a number of financial options for
increasing shareholder value but did not elaborate.
    The company earned 30.2 mln dlrs or 1.66 dlrs per share
before an extraordinary item in fiscal 1986.
    Vista said sales for the year are expected to be
"comparable" to fiscal 1986's 550.1 mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6568>
Qtly div 25 cts vs 25 cts prior
    Pay April 24
    Record April Three
    NOTE: First Connecticut Small Business Investment Co.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6572>
Qtly div 40 cts vs 40 cts prior
    Pay May 15
    Record April One
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6573>
Shr profit one ct vs loss 27 cts
    Net profit 22,000 vs loss 763,000
    Revs 161,000 vs 316,000
    NOTE: Prior year net includes 1,209,000 dlr writedown of
oil properites and 314,000 dlr tax credit.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6575>
Qtrly div 30 cts vs 30 cts prior
    Pay May One
    Record March 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6577>
Hartford Steam Boiler
Inspection and Insurance Co said its board declared a
two-for-one stock split and raised the quarterly dividend to 25
cts postsplit from 20 cts, both payable April 30 to holders of
record April 10.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6581>
The Tax Reform Act of 1986 will have a
substantial impact on Continental Illinois Corp, the company's
annual report says.
    One provision repeals the reserve method of providing for
bad debts for banks with over 500 mln dlrs in assets and
requires that tax loan loss reserves taken in the past, be
restored to current earnings status, it said.
    As a result, those amounts will be subject to federal
taxes, it said. No amounts were disclosed.
    Continental said it decided to deal with this change "in
its entirety" in 1987.
    Tax reform will also change foreign tax credit limitation
rules, and although the impact will not be material in the
short term, the Act will require, for the first time, that
income from certain foreign subsidiaries be taxable, the report
said.
    The new legislation also reduces existing tax credits by
17.5 pct in 1987 and 35 pct in 1988 and later years, it said.
    Continental's investment tax credits carryforwards of 12.8
mln dlrs at 1986 year end will be reduced to 10.6 mln dlrs in
1987 and, if not used in 1987, to 8.3 mln dlrs in 1988, it
said.
    Another provision of the Act could result in limiting the
use of tax credits if a change in ownership of Continental
takes place, the report said.
    This could happen if the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp
sells enough shares of Continental's common stock over the next
two years to cause a change in ownership, it noted.
    In December, the FDIC sold about one-third of its junior
convertible preference stock in Continental to the public in
the form of common stock.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6583>
Parent bank net profit 181.5 mln schillings vs 135.1 mln
    Parent bank balance sheet total 197.7 billion vs 182.2
billion
    Parent bank cash flow 877.4 mln vs 715.5 mln
    Dividend 12 pct vs 10 pct on nominal share capital of 1.5
billion vs 1.35 billion.
    Cons banking gp balance sheet total 239.7 billion vs 227.3
billion.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6586>
net 65 mln vs 57 mln
    year
    shr preferred 14.87 dlrs vs 12.51 dlrs
    shr common 236.77 dlrs vs 197.40 dlrs
    net 247 mln vs 208 mln
    NOTE: Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. FHLMC had 14,998,210
preferred shares outstanding in 1986 vs 14,998,379 in 1985,
owned by about 3,000 member institutions of the 12 Federal Home
Loan Banks. FHLMC also has 100,000 shares of common, owned by
the Home Loan Banks.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6590>
HRE Properties said its board cut the
quarterly dividend to 45 cts per share from 57 cts, payable
April 20 to holders of record March 31.
    HRE said the board reduced the dividend due to the
continuing impact of overbuilding in its office building
markets and its inability to replace the income from high
yielding investments that have matured.
    HRE said in the first quarter ended January 31 it earned 38
cts per share, down from 47 cts a year before.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6591>
Shr 1.27 dlrs vs two cts
    Net 18.8 mln vs 357,000
    Revs 126.0 mln vs 98.5 mln
    Avg shrs 14.7 mln vs 12.0 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 2.17 dlrs vs loss 65 cts
    Net loss 28.4 mln vs loss 7,225,000
    Revs 405.0 mln vs 356.2 mln
    Avg shrs 13.1 mln vs 12.2 mln
    NOTE: 1986 net both periods includes 15.0 mln dlr gain from
sale of real estate.
    1986 year net includes charge 34.0 mln dlrs from
restructuring of Bojangles' restaurant unit and charge
4,090,000 dlrs from exchange of notes for common stock.
    1985 year net includes charge 6,900,000 dlrs related to
foodservice unit and gain 2,400,000 dlrs from sale of
marketable securities.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6592>
Shr loss 28 cts vs profit seven cts
    Net loss 10.7 mln vs profit 5,188,000
    Sales 119.3 mln vs 216.1 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 5.80 dlrs vs profit 30 cts
    Net loss 324.2 mln vs profit 21.5 mln
    Sales 549.3 mln vs 859.1 mln
    NOTE: Share after preferred dividends.
    NOTE: In July 1986, company set a dividend on Series C
preferred, effecting a spin-off of its chemical operations.
They unit has been accounted for as a discontinued operation.
    Fourth quarter and full year 1986 reflect non-recurring
charges from change in control at company. Fourth quarter 1986
also reflects writeoff of 20.7 mln dlrs of goodwill.
    Full year 1986 includes a charge of 224.6 mln dlrs taken in
the second quarter for asset revaluation and restructuring
costs.
    In fourth quarter 1986, reversion of pension plan surplus
assets completed. Fourth quarter and full year 1986 includes
net income of 81.5 mln dlrs or 1.34 dlrs a share.
    Company also gained 2.4 mln dlrs or four cts a share in
fourth quarter 1986, and 15.9 mln dlrs or 26 cts a share in
full year 1986, from adoption of accounting rule SFAS 87.
    In fourth quarter 1986, company also adjusted carrying
value of non-chemicals discontinued operations assets leading
to charge of 15.6 mln dlrs.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6594>
Qtr ends Jan 31
    Oper shr loss 24 cts vs loss 19 cts
    Oper loss 1,096,332 vs loss 794,711
    Revs 803,085 vs 442,420
    Six mths
    Oper shr loss 53 cts vs loss 43 cts
    Oper loss 2,375,844 vs loss 1,741,437
    Revs 1,471,257 vs 768,683
    NOTE: Prior year excludes losses from discontinued
operations of 13 cts per share in the quarter and 17 cts per
share in the year. (Corrects March 17 item to show losses
instead of profits. Also corrects quarter loss from
discontinued operations.)
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6597>
Craftmatic/Contour Industries Inc
said it would report substantial profits for the first quarter
of fiscal 1987 ending March 31.
    The company recorded net income of 732,000 dlrs, or 22 cts
per share, on revenues of 10.2 mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6601>
Shr loss 48 cts vs profit 77 cts
    Net loss 3,923,000 vs profit 11,551,000
    Year
    Shr profit 1.80 dlrs vs profit 2.32 dlrs
    Net profit 30,171,000 vs profit 36,667,000
    Loans 3.38 billion vs 3.17 billion
    Deposits 3.81 billion vs 3.28 billion
    Assets 5.55 billion vs 4.78 billion
    Note: Full name Western Savings and Loan Association.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6609>
Ended March 1  
    Shr 34 cts vs 27 cts
    Net 2,405,000 vs 1,908,000
    Revs 33.5 mln vs 32.6 mln
    Avg shrs 7,114,000 vs 7,075,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6612>
First American Bank and
Trust Co said its 88 pct owned Associated Mortgage Investors
&lt;AMIMS> subsidiary has sold its New England operations for
about 2,100,000 dlrs in cash and 1,300,000 dlrs in stock,
resulting in a first quarter gain for First American of about
1,200,000 dlrs after tax.
    The company said the sale will complete Associated's
withdrawal from the general contracting business.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6620>
Shr 15 cts vs nine cts
    Net 2,002,261 vs 1,168,638
    Revs 29.2 mln vs 29.3 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 49 cts vs 36 cts
    Net 6,404,536 vs 4,623,295
    Revs 92.2 mln vs 88.2 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6622>
Morrison Knudsen Corp said its
earnings for 1987 are likely to be lower than those for 1986
due to lower than expected growth in engineering and
construction and a previously-predicted decline in earnings of
its National Steel and Shipbuilding unit.
    The company earned 39.4 mln dlrs in 1986, including pretax
gains of 11.5 mln dlrs from pension income and 7,400,000 dlrs
from the settlement of vested pension obligations, down from
41.5 mln dlrs in 1985.
    It said "Lower than expected levels of new work booked in
the last quarter of 1986 and the first two-plus months of this
year have delayed the expected growth in the engineering and
construction area."  The company said it will remain profitable
in 1987 and results should strengthen as the year progresses. 
It attributed the decline in new work to more stringent bidding
standards and a competitive market.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6629>
Qtly div 28-1/2 cts vs 26 cts previously
    Pay June 15
    Record June One
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6635>
Discount Corp of New York said its
board of directors increased its quarterly cash dividend to 20
cts a share from 15 cts a share.
    DCNY said the dividend is payable April 15, 1987 to
shareholders of record April 1 , 1987.
    Since the last two-for-one stock split in May 1985, the
corpoartion has customarily declared 15-cnt-per-share dividends
for the first three quarters and a final fourth quarter
dividend based on its total earnings for the year.
    As previously announced, DCNY said its board has also
recommended a two-for-one common stock split to shareholders.
    If the split is approved at the May 13 annual meeting, the
quarterly dividend rate will be adjusted to 10 cts a share,
DCNY said.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6636>
St. Joseph Light and Power Corp
said its board declared a three-for-two stock split and raised
the quarterly dividend on presplit shares to 49 cts per share
from 47 cts.
    The company said the dividend is payable May 18 to holders
of record May 4 and the split is subject to approval by
shareholders at the May 20 annual meeting.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6641>
Oper shr 35 cts vs 29 cts
    Oper net 1,185,267 vs 1,001,315
    Sales 16.8 mln vs 12.4 mln
    Six mths
    Oper shr 42 cts vs 32 cts
    Oper net 1,420,815 vs 1,105,555
    Note: oper data does not include year ago qtr and six mths
loss from discontinued operations of 87,449 dlrs, or two cts
per shr.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6642>
Shr two cts vs eight cts
    Net 118,933 vs 296,272
    Revs 2,742,731 vs 1,840,129
    Six mths
    Shr two cts vs 12 cts
    Net 92,372 vs 444,975
    Revs 4,977,105 vs 3,296,110
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6647>
Qtly div 25 cts vs 22 cts prior
    Payable April 15
    Record April 1
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6653>
Shr 1.38 dlrs vs 1.24 dlrs
    Net 213,000,000 vs 195,000,000
    Revs 3.37 billion vs 3.12 billion
    Avg shrs 153,000,000 vs 156,000,000
    Year
    Shr 2.44 dlrs vs 2.20 dlrs
    Net 381,000,000 vs 347,000,000
    Revs 10.38 billion vs 9.54 billion
    Avg shrs 154,800,000 vs 156,000,000
    NOTE: 1985 period ended Feb 1, 1986
    Share data restated for common stock split of July 21, 1986
    1986 and 1985 earnings reflect a charge of one ct a share
resulting from use of the LFIO method of inventory valuation
    4th Qtr 1986 earnings include pretax capital gain of 71.2
mln dlrs, or 30 cts a share from sale of Joseph Horne Co
Division in Pittsburgh
    NOTE: 4th Qtr 1986 earnings include a 62 mln dlr, or 20 cts
a share, pretax charge for costs associated with combining May
D and F and the Denver operating divisions
    4th Qtr 1986 earnings include a pretax charge of 26 mln
dlrs, or nine cts a share, for costs associated with several
debt repurchase transactions including retirement of 10 mln
dlrs of 11-7/8 pct debentures
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6661>
Eldorado Bancorp said its board
declared a 10 pct stock dividend, Payable April 17 to
shareholders of record April three.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6668>
Shr loss 1.51 dlrs vs profit eight cts
    Net loss 7,377,000 vs profit 384,000
    Sales 1,593,000 vs 4,366,000
    Nine Mths
    Shr loss 2.24 dlrs vs profit 16 cts
    Net loss 11,083,000 vs profit 628,000
    Sales 6,517,000 vs 12.6 mln
    Avg shrs 4,941,000 vs 3,926,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6669>
Shr 19 cts vs 17 cts
    Net 767,000 vs 676,000
    Revs 9,476,000 vs 9,091,000
    Six mths
    Shr 47 cts vs 44 cts
    Net 1,897,000 vs 1,719,000
    Revs 19.5 mln vs 19 mln
    NOTE: Full name Paco Pharmaceutical Services Inc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6670>
Shr loss five cts vs loss 15 cts
    Net loss 619,000 vs loss 1,730,000
    Sales 3,138,000 vs 5,667,000
    Avg shrs 12.5 mln vs 11.5 mln
    Year
    Shr loss four cts vs loss 40 cts
    Net loss 343,000 vs loss 3,963,000
    Sales 13.4 mln vs 35.3 mln
    Avg shrs 12.5 mln vs 10.3 mln
    NOTE: 1986 year net includes gain 1,678,000 dlrs from
settlement of litigation with Belcher Oil Co, 375,000 dlr
provision connected with resignation of former president, legal
settlements and costs of 1,074,000 dlrs and 552,000 dlrs in
expenses from closing of contract packaging division.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6672>
2nd qtr Jan 31 end
    Shr loss three cts vs loss nine cts
    Net loss 112,400 vs loss 275,400
    Sales 318,100 vs 23,600
    Avg shrs 4,294,300 vs 3,028,326
    1st half
    Shr profit four cts vs loss 14 cts
    Net profit 165,600 vs loss 409,100
    Sales 546,600 vs 44,400
    Avg shrs 4,189,700 vs 3,028,326
    NOTE: Current year net includes gains on sale of assets of
25,000 dlrs in quarter and 396,000 dlrs in half.
    Net includes extraordinary loss 10,000 dlrs vs nil in
quarter and loss 10,000 dlrs vs profit 106,300 dlrs in half.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6673>
Qtly div eight cts vs eight cts prior
    Pay May 18
    Record May One
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6674>
Bionomic Sciences International Inc
said it expects to start operating profitably by the fourth
quarter.
    The company today reported a profit of 165,600 dlrs for the
first half ended January 31 -- after a 396,000 dlr gain on the
sale of assets and a 10,000 dlr extraordinary loss.  A year
before it lost 409,100 dlrs after a 106,300 dlr extraordinary
gain.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6679>
Shr loss 22 cts vs profit 10 cts
    Net loss 1,056,000 vs profit 427,000
    Sales 5,440,000 vs 4,982,000
    Avg shrs 5,229,542 vs 4,435,691
    Year
    Shr profit one ct vs profit 26 cts
    Net profit 29,000 vs profit 993,000
    Sasles 19.1 mln vs 16.6 mln
    Avg shrs 4,947,632 vs 3,780,543
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6680>
Shr loss 11 cts vs loss 48 cts
    Net loss 254,000 vs loss 784,000
    Revs 94.1 mln vs 47.3 mln
    Avg shrs 2,317,000 vs 1,642,000
    NOTE: Share adjusted for stock dividend and reverse split.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6681>
Oper shr loss three cts vs loss three cts
    Oper net loss 388,000 vs loss 452,000
    Revs 1,425,000 vs 1,126,000
    Year
    Oper shr loss 26 cts vs loss 15 cts
    Oper net loss 3,604,000 vs loss 2,108,000
    Res 5,712,000 vs 6,604,000
    NOTE: 1986 net both periods excludes 413,000 dlr gain from
settlement of old obligations.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6683>
Qtly div 69 cts vs 69 cts prior
    Payable May one
    Record APril 10
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6684>
Qtly div 6-1/4 cts vs 6-1/4 cts prior
    Pay June 19
    Record June 5
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6685>
Qtly div 55 cts vs 55 cts prior
    Pay April 25
    Record March 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6686>
Qtly div eight cts vs eight cts prior
    Pay April 30
    Record April 16
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6687>
Valley Resources Inc said its
board declared a three-for-two stock split and raised the
quarterly dividend to 42 cts per share presplit from 38 cts,
both payable April 15, record March 31.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6696>
Shr six cts vs eight cts
    Net 643,000 vs 889,000
    Revs 3,934,000 vs 4,373,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6699>
May Department Stores Co, reporting
record results for the fourth quarter ended January 31, said it
is encouraged about the new fiscal year by a strong start in
February and March.
    The company said its merger last year with Associated Dry
Goods, which was accounted for as a pooling of interests, is
"going very well." May said "We are acting more like one
company every day. Our expansion schedule is on track."
    May said it plans to invest more than 600 mln dlrs this
year to open 11 department stores, eight discount stores and
more than 240 specialty outlets.
    The company reported fourth quarter earnings of 213 mln
dlrs, or 1.38 dlrs a share, up from 195 mln dlrs, or 1.24 dlrs
a share a year earlier. Revenues advanced to 3.37 billion dlrs
from 3.12 billion dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6701>
Shr loss eight cts vs loss 1.39 dlrs
    Net loss 94,000 vs loss 1,569,000
    Sales 6,951,000 vs 5,518,000
    Year
    Shr profit four cts vs loss 2.95 dlrs
    Net profit 41,000 vs loss 3,333,000
    Sales 25.3 mln vs 22.9 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6705>
Qtly div six cts vs six cts prior
    Pay May Eight
    Record April 10
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6708>
Continental Illinois Corp's &lt;CIL>
Chairman John Swearingen said he sees negotiations to
reschedule Brazil's debt payments taking at least three to six
months.
    Brazil declared last month a moratorium on payment of
interest on its medium- and long-term debts. The moratorium is
expected to persist the entire time that debt scheduling talks
are under way.
    "I believe it will take three to six months, maybe longer,
for an arrangement to be worked out to reschedule Brazil's
debt," Swearingen told reporters at a press briefing.
    "I think Brazil will pay its debts in the long run. Just
how long the run is is anybody's guess," Swearingen said.
    Earlier the bank holding company said Brazil's moritorium
may force it to increase non-performing loans by 380 mln dlrs
and reduce pretax and net income by 10 mln dlrs in the first
quarter and 35 mln dlrs for the full year.
    The bank will decide March 31 whether to characterize these
loans as non-performing, William Ogden, chairman of the
Continental Illinois National Bank and Trust Co of Chicago,
Continental's largest subsidiary, said in response to an
inquiry.
    Ogden said the moratoriums will affect both pretax and net
income equally because the banking firm has tax credits to use.
    Swearingen predicted an increase in operating profits for
1987 because he sees higher income and reduced expenses.
Continental will reduce expenses through job cuts and reducing
office rental costs. In 1986 it cut about 850 positions.
    In 1986 it had net profits of 165.2 mln dlrs or 60 cts a
share, up from 150.5 mln dlrs or 53 cts a share.
    The bank transferred 459 mln dlrs of poor-quality loans and
other assets to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp, FDIC,
during 1986. It can transfer bad loans under the terms of the
1984 restructuring agreement with the government.
    The bank will transfer the remaining 460 mln dlrs that it
is entitled to transfer to FDIC by September 26, 1987,
Swearingen said. It will choose loans based on ultimate loss
rather than their immediate effect on non-performing loans.
    In 1986 the bank's loans to the Midwest's middle market
rose 20 pct at a time of overall weak loan demand in the U.S.
    Concerning banking acquisitions, Swearingen said the bank
would like to buy additional suburban Chicago banks. In 1986 it
bought three small suburban banks.
    Swearingen said he is concerned that Continental will be
taken over because no bank in the Midwest region is large
enough to buy it, and New York money center banks are
prohibited by law from buying Illinois banks.
    He said, however, that the FDIC still has control over who
will eventually own the firm because it still holds the
equivalent of 148 mln common shares out of a total 215 mln.
    The FDIC sold 52 mln shares to the public last year and has
said it intends to sell the rest as quickly as possible. The
agency received the shares as part of its 4.5 billion dlrs 1984
bailout of the bank.
    Swearingen, who came out of retirement in 1984 to head the
struggling banking firm after a career as an oil industry
executive, said he will retire when the three-year period he
agreed to be Continental chairman ends in August. He would not
comment on a successor.
    The bank will expand its First Options of Chicago options
clearning unit into Tokyo, Swearingen said, but said its
doubtful lending to Japan will occur because that country
doesn't need external sources of cash.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6709>
Qtly div Class A 27.5 cts vs 26.4 cts prior
    Qtly div Class B 2.5 cts vs 2.4 cts prior
    Pay June One
    Record May One
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6711>
Shr loss eight cts vs loss eight cts
    Net loss 220,724 vs loss 210,120
    Revs 4,194,466 vs 4,224,633
    Year
    Shr profit eight cts vs profit four cts
    Net profit 207,514 vs profit 98,050
    Revs 17.8 mln vs 16.1 mln
    NOTE: Quarter net includes tax credits of 162,600 dlrs vs
236,100 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6721>
CPC International Inc said it expects
1987 earnings per share to increase over 1986 levels.
    "We are confident that 1987 will top 1986 in earnings per
share and are optimistic about our longer-term future as well,"
the company said in its 1986 annual report.
    In 1986, CPC earned 219.2 mln dlrs, or 2.30 dlrs a share,
on revenues of 4.55 billion dlrs compared with income of 142
mln dlrs or 1.46 dlrs on sales of 4.21 billion dlrs in 1985.
The share figures are adjusted for a 2-for-1 split paid in
January.
    A share buyback program started last year reduced the
number of shares outstanding to 82.6 mln at year-end 1986 from
97.2 mln dlrs the end of 1985, adjusted for the split.
    The food and grocery products company also said it was the
subject of five stockholder lawsuits and one class action suit,
filed last November and December in Delaware, New York and New
Jersey.
    The suits are related to the company's purchase of its
shares from Salomon Brothers Inc after Salomon bought a block
of the stock from Ronald Perelman, who had acquired nearly 3.7
mln CPC shares, or 7.6 pct of the company, last year.
    The suits allege the company bought the shares back at an
artificially inflated price, violating securities laws,
breaching directors' fiduciary duties and wasting corporate
assets.
    CPC said the defendants, which include the company, its
directors, Salomon and Perelman, deny all the allegations of
improper conduct and are defending the suits.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6723>
Novar Electronics corp said it
expects improved earnings this year due to a rapid expansion of
its Logic One computerized buolding management system customer
base and expectations of good crime deterrent business.
    The company today reported earnings for the year ended
January Three of 207,514 dlrs, up from 98,050 dlrs a year
before.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6726>
Carolina Power and Light Co said
its board has decided to cancel coal-fired Mayo Unit Two, the
second unit planned for its Mayo Plant in Person County, N.C.
    The company said the 690,000 kilowatt unit was only about
one pct complete and was scheduled for commercial service in
1992.
    Carolina Power said the status of the unit had been under
review because of a decision by the North Carolina
Environmental Management Commission that would have required
the unit to be equipped with expensive sulphur dioxide-removing
scrubbers.
    Carolina Power said Unit One, which has been in operation
since 1983, meets all air quality regulations without scrubbers
through the use of low-sulphur coal, and "The addition of
scrubbers to Mayo Unit Two would have produced only marginal
air quality improvements."
    The company said it will be able to purchase lower-cost
power from Duke Power Co &lt;DUK> for intermediate and peaking
purposes than the projected cost of power from Mayo Two with
scrubbers.  It said it will retain the Mayo Two site for later
development of a generating unit.
    Carolina Power said Mayo Two was projected to cost about
877 mln dlrs, including 200 mln dlrs for scrubbers.  "The
higher construction costs, plus higher operating costs, would
increase the cost of power produced by Mayo Unit Two with
scrubbers by about 90 mln dlrs per year."
    A company spokesman said the company has already spent
about 23 mln dlrs on Mayo Two. He said no estimate has yet been
made of the cost of canceling the plant, but the company does
not expect to take a charge against earnings.  He said Carolina
Power intends to include the cancellation costs in rate filings
it will make late this year or early next year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6729>
Qtr ends Jan 31
    Shr seven cts vs 20
    Net 1,84,000 vs 387,000
    revs 9.1 mln vs 6.7 mln
    Avg shrs 2,804,752 vs 1,875,000
    12 mths
    shr 13 cts vs 33 cts
    Net 315,000 vs 627,000
    revs 32.4 mln vs 24.6 mln
    Avg shrs 2,475,943 vs 1,875,000
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6730>
Qtly div 69 cts vs 69 cts prior
    Pay May One
    Record April 10
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6732>
Murray Ohio Manufacturing Co
said it expects first quarter earnings to be higher than the
year-ago 4,800,840 dlrs or 1.25 dlrs per share due to excellent
lawn and garden shipments.
    The company said bicycle sales were soft early in the
period, but recent orders and shipments have been running well
ahead of last year.
    It said it expects to meet analysts' projections of
earnings for the full year of 1.50 dlrs per share and it could
possibly exceed the estimate if orders continue strong.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6733>
Mthly div 14-1/2 cts vs 14-1/2 cts prior
    Pay July One
    Record June 17
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6734>
Enron Corp said it will pay accrued
second quarter dividends on the three series of preferred stock
it will redeem on May 1.
    The company said it will pay second quarter accrued
dividends to the redemption date of 53 cts per share on the
6.40 pct stock, 56 cts on 6.84 pct and 70 cts on 8.48 pct.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6737>
Allison's Place Inc president
Marvin Schenker said company-owned stores sales for February
increased 82 pct over the same period last year.
    He said comparable store sales in February increased 36
pct.
    The company, which owns and franchises a total of 237
clothing outlets where all articles cost six dlrs, will
increase that figure to seven dlrs starting March 1, Schenker
said.
    He said the impact of that boost will start to be felt in
the early part of the company's second quarter and continue
throughout the year.
    Schenker said costs of the company's merchandise will not
increase.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6738>
Shr 1.10 dlrs vs 1.33 dlrs
    Net 3,065,000 vs 3,730,000
    Sales 273.9 mln vs 241.0 mln
    Year
    Shr 3.27 dlrs vs 2.62 dlrs
    Net 9,168,000 vs 7,338,000
    Sales 1.07 billion vs 987.2 mln
    NOTE: Fiscal 1987 net includes tax credits of 10 cts for
the fourth quarter and 1.04 dlrs for the year compared with 43
cts and 85 cts in the respective periods of fiscal 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6739>
Qtly div 41-1/2 cts vs 41-1/2 cts prior
    Pay April 25
    Record March 31
    NOTE: Full name Bankers Trust New York Corp.
    (Company corrects pay date, April 25, not April 28 in story
that ran yesterday.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6740>
New England Electric System's auditors
have again qualified the utility's annual report because of
uncertainty about whether its oil and gas subsidiary can
recover its investments.
    The qualification was noted in the annual report which New
England Electric released at a security analysts meeting today.
The auditors also qualified the company's 1985 report for the
same reason, noting the sharp drop in oil and gas prices in
early 1986.
    President Samuel Huntington told analysts the utility will
have to take a write-down of about 235 mln dlrs if Federal
regulators do not allow the company to pass on the losses cited
by the accountants to its rate payers.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6741>
Qtly div 17-1/2 cts vs 17-1/4 cts
    Pay April 15
    Record March 31
    NOTE: Full name Federal Paper Board Co.
    (Corrects headline and dividend figure in item appearing
March 17 to show dividend was raised.)

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6742>
New England Electric System &lt;NES>
expects its cash construction spending to reach 205 mln dlrs
this year, up from 188 mln dlrs in 1986, the utility said in
material distributed at an analysts meeting.
    It said spending is expected to advance to 215 mln dlrs in
1988 and 220 mln dlrs in 1989.
    The utility said these totals exclude spending on New
England Hydro-Transmission being built to import electricity
from Quebec Hydro. New England Electric is the operator of this
venture as well as owning 51 pct of the project.
    The venture expects to spend 65 mln dlr this year, 105 mln
dlrs next year and 125 mln dlrs in 1989 to build transmission
lines from northern Quebec into New England, the utility said.
    New England Electric said internally generated funds will
cover all of its power plant construction costs this year and
65 pct of the 108 mln dlrs its retail distribution units plan
to spend in 1987.
    The company said it also expects to spend 60 mln dlrs on
its oil and gas activities this year, adding internally
generated funds are expected to provide 85 pct of this total.
    New England Electric said it plans to issue 30 mln dlrs
worth of pollution control bonds in 1987 and retire additional
higher cost preferred stock. Its Granite State Electric unit
plans to issue five mln dlrs of long term notes early this year
as well.
    The company said it does not plan to offer common shares
this year or in the foreseeable future, but expects to raise
about 40 mln dlrs in equity through the sale of stock under its
dividend reinvestment plan and employee share plans.
    President Samuel Huntington told the analysts the
construction spending projection is based on the expectation
that demand for electricity in the New England electric system
will grow about two pct a year for the next 15 years.
    However, the utility cannot ignore the potential for
sharper growth, he said, pointing out that demand was up 5.2
pct in 1986 and 4.7 pct per year in the past four years.
    He attributed this growth to declining electricity prices
and a strong New England economy.
    Huntington said New England Elecetric has "all but rejected
new coal fired plants" to supply additional power.
    He said the most attractive new power supplies are those
with short lead times which can be built in modules.
    Later, vice president Glenn Schleede said the utility is
looking at gas-fired, combined cycle generating units to supply
most of its new power needs, but has not rejected coal-fired
fluidized bed units.
    He explained that fluidized bed technology is available in
modular units, adding that Huntington was referring to the
traditional coal-fired plant which burns pulverized coal.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6743>
Ended December 31
    Shr three cts vs nine cts
    Net 220,000 vs 721,000
    Revs 4,920,000 vs 4,184,000
    Avg shrs 6,425,925 vs 6,599,000
    NOTE: Full name Rada Electronic Industries Ltd.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6747>
Shr loss 18 cts vs profit six cts
    Net loss 509,471 vs profit 163,840
    Revs 2,623,974 vs 1,835,580
    12 mths
    Shr loss 18 cts vs profit 10 cts
    Net loss 494,352 vs profit 173,948
    Revs 10.1 mln vs 3,551,429
    NOTE: 4th qtr loss reflects 290,000 dlrs of non-recurring
expenses related to senior management changes.
    Full name of company is Children's Discovery Centers of
America Inc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6748>
CPI Corp said it expects to post
higher sales and earnings for its fiscal year ended February 7
when it officially reports results in three weeks.
    It said preliminary figures show total sales of 258 mln
dlrs, up 30 pct from 198 mln dlrs in its 1985 fiscal year. Net
earnings from continuing operations rose to 18 mln dlrs, up
almost 31 pct from 13.9 mln dlrs, while per share earnings from
continuing operations were 2.22 dlrs, up 23 pct from 1.80 dlrs.
There were 552,500 additional shares outstanding.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6752>
Laidlaw Transportation Ltd said
earnings per share for the current fiscal year should increase
by "substantially more" than the 30 pct average annual growth
experienced in the last four years.
    Revenues for the year ended August 31 will be about 1.2
billion dlrs, including GSX Corp, the U.S. waste services unit
acquired from Imasco Ltd last year for 358 mln dlrs, Laidlaw
president Michael de Groote told analysts.
    Last year, Laidlaw had operating earnings of 66.2 mln dlrs,
or 63 cts per share, on revenues of 717.8 mln dlrs.
    De Groote also said the company expects "excellent results"
in the second quarter ended February 28, but would not be more
specific.
    He said his revenue estimate for fiscal 1987 does not
include possible further acquisitions and said that the
addition of GSX will produce increasing benefits in fiscal 1988
through fiscal 1990.
    De Groote said the increased earnings in the previous four
quarters was due partly to internal growth of about 15 pct. The
rest came from acquisitions, he said.
    Laidlaw expects to sell a small rubber recycling operation,
a subsidiary of GSX, within the next few weeks, but this will
not make any material contribution to earnings, de Groote said.
    He also said he is "not very optimistic" about the ongoing
negotiations to buy 50 pct of Tricil Ltd, a Toronto-based
chemical and solid waste services company with Canadian and
U.S. operations, from &lt;Trimac Ltd> of Calgary.
    De Groote said that, regardless of the outcome of the
proposed Tricil acquisition, Laidlaw will decide within the
next 30 days whether to stay in the North American chemical
waste business through GSX Corp.
    "We feel it is a profitable business with good growth
potential and we now want to stay in it if we can get the right
management," de Groote said.
    Laidlaw financed the acquisition of GSX by its U.S.
subsidiary, Laidlaw Transportation Inc, with the proceeds of a
200 mln Canadian dlr preferred stock issue and borrowing.
    De Groote said the company will gain about 138 mln dlrs in
cash by August 31 from the exercise of warrants.
    De Groote also said waste services in fiscal 1987 will
represent about 49 pct of revenues, school buses will
contribute 49 pct and trucking about two pct.
    The trucking subsidiary in western Canada is performing
well and there are no plans to sell it, he said.
    He would not estimate the contribution of each segment to
earnings per share for the year. He also said that further
acquisitions of school bus operations in the U.S. are likely
within the next few months.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6759>
Shr loss 60 cts vs loss 6.50 dlrs
    Net loss 2,012,000 vs loss 21.9 mln
    Revs 8.6 mln vs 13.5 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 1.04 dlrs vs loss 5.96 dlrs
    Net loss 3.5 mln vs loss 20.2 mln
    Revs 36.6 mln vs 52.1 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6761>
Qtly div 15 cts vs 10 cts prior qtr
    Pay 17 April
    Record 3 April
    NOTE: Great Lakes Federal Savings and Loan is full name of
company.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6762>
The Murray Ohio Manufacturing
Co said it expects first quarter earnings to be higher than the
4,800,840 dlrs, or 1.25 dlrs per share, it recorded for the
first quarter of last year.
    The company, which produces lawn mowers and bicycles, said
earnings are ahead of last year due to increased lawn and
garden shipments in January and February and a record-setting
pace in March.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6763>
Alleghany Corp said its board 
declared a stock dividend of one share of its common for every
50 shares outstanding, as the company's dividend on its company
for 1987.
    It said the dividend will be distributed on April 30, to
holders of record on March 30.
    Alleghany said cash will be paid in lieu of any fractional
shares of its stock.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6765>
Ended Feb 28
    Shr 39 cts vs 35 cts
    Net 11.5 mln vs 10.4 mln
    Revs 111.0 mln vs 104.6 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.16 dlrs vs 1.04 dlrs
    Net 34.3 mln vs 30.8 mln
    Revs 335.2 mln vs 320.0 mln
    Avg shrs 26.7 mln vs 29.6 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6770>
Problems in the farmbelt and
oilpatch regions contributed to the first decline in overall
income for U.S. banks in a quarter century, the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corp (FDIC) said.
    The nation's 14,181 commercial banks had net income of 17.8
billion dlrs in 1986, down slightly from 1985's record 18.1
billion dlrs.
    The total was still the second highest ever reported, but
it was the first time income had not grown since 1961.
    The figures reflected a radical split in the health of
banks in the two halves of the country, the FDIC said.
    In the East, one in 12 banks had losses last year, while
one in four banks west of the Mississippi River had losses.
    Nationwide, one out of five banks reported losses, the FDIC
said in the first of a new series of quarterly banking profiles
it planned to issue.
    "I don't remember a time when there was such a clear
distinction by geographic area," FDIC Chairman William Seidman
told reporters.
    He said that while the figures were not good, they showed
the problem did not lie with the banking system as a whole but
with regional differences in economic performance.
    Some 44 banks have failed so far this year, twice as many
as failed by this time a year ago, but Seidman said he doubted
the pace would continue. 
    On a positive note, banks increased capital to a record 208
billion dlrs last year, and there has been a slowing in the
number of new problem banks in all regions except the
Southwest, Seidman said.
    Banks' provision for losses from bad loans in the fourth
quarter increased to 21.7 billion dlrs, a 23 pct rise from a
year ago.
    Large banks -- those with assets of one billion dlrs or
more -- reporting fourth-quarter losses totaled 22, the FDIC
said.
    Seidman said it was too early to say what effect Brazil's
moratorium on debt interest payments would have on U.S. banks.
    He said bank deregulation had given managers more freedom
to run their banks and that an increase in failures was to be
expected.
    But this freedom from regulatory restraints also has meant
other banks that were better managed have gotten stronger,
Seidman said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6771>
Shr 55 cts vs NA
    Net 2,512,000 vs 773,000
    Year
    Net 7,123,000 vs 3,098,000
    Assets 417.7 mln vs 251.1 mln
    Deposits 329.4 mln vs 230.1 mln
    Loans (net) 366.1 mln vs 205.2 mln
    NOTE: Some per shr amounts not available as company
converted to public ownership in July 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6773>
Qtrly div 30.1 cts vs 34.1 cts prior
    Pay April 14
    Record March 31
    NOTE: company said prior qtr includes end of year
additional four cts dividend.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6774>
Qtly div 1.25 dlrs vs 1.25 dlrs
    Pay May 1
    Record March 31
    NOTE: Full name is American Information Technologies Corp
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6776>
Qtly div 30 cts vs 30 cts prior
    Pay April 20
    Record March 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6777>
Qtly div nine cts vs nine cts prior
    Pay April 13
    Record March 30
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6778>
Auditors for Public Service
Co of Indiana Inc lifted a qualification, in effect for two
years, on its 1986 financial results, according to the
company's annual shareholders' report.
    PSI's report was qualified in 1984 and 1985 when its
auditors, Arthur Andersen and Co, questioned the utility's
ability to recover costs of its Marble Hill nuclear power plant
and to extend the maturity of its credit agreement.
    The company wrote off 141 mln dlrs of Marble Hill costs in
November, 1986 and repaid its final 20 mln dlrs in debt in
October, 1986, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6779>
Shr 14 cts vs 12 cts
    Net 1,017,000 vs 877,000
    Sales 68.1 mln vs 61.2 mln
    Nine Mths
    Shr 40 cts vs 17 cts
    Net 2,986,000 vs 1,215,000
    Sales 205.3 mln vs 174 mln
    Note: Per share figure reflects two-for-one stock split of
July 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6783>
Shr loss 11 cts vs loss 48 cts
    Net loss 254,000 vs loss 784,000
    NOTE: Includes realized gains of one mln dlrs versus
840,000 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6784>
Arkansas Best Corp said its
1987 first quarter earnings will be significantly lower than
fully diluted earnings of 22-1/2 cts per share in last year's
first quarter.
    The company said pricing competition and lower traffic
levels in the motor carrier industry hurt its first quarter
results.
    However, the company said its furniture and tire operations
are more profitable this year than last year.
    Arkansas Best also said that if the industry sustains the
upcoming 2.9 pct motor carrier rate hike it will offset the
Teamster labor increase scheduled for April 1.
    It said the labor increase then will be 3.2 pct for ABF
Freight System, its largest unit.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6785>
Shr primary 29 cts vs 26 cts
    Shr diluted 27 cts vs 23 cts
    Net 1,500,000 vs 1,008,000
    Revs 30 mln vs 23.1 mln
    Avg shrs pimary 5,254,000 vs 3,821,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6787>
Oper shr loss 1.28 dlrs vs loss 59 cts
    Oper net loss 46.0 mln vs loss 21.1 mln
    Revs 63.9 mln vs 77.8 mln
    12 mths
    Oper shr loss 1.65 dlrs vs loss 2.09 dlrs
    Oper net loss 59.3 mln vs 75.0 mln
    Revs 298.2 mln vs 321.3 mln
    NOTE: for the qtr and yr 1986, loss reflects pretax loss of
45.0 mln and 55.5 mln, which included a writedown of inventory
and restructuring charges amounting to 37.1 mln and 37.9 mln,
and a tax gain of 940,000 and 3,094,000.
    For the qtr and yr 1985, loss consisted of a pretax loss of
23.9 mln and 102.3 mln which included a writedown of inventory,
restructuring charges and loss on the sale of a division
amounting to 13.0 mln and 61.0 mln, and a tax gain of 3,036,000
and 28.5 mln.
    qtr 1985, excludes estimated loss 3,354,000 for disposal of
HCL Leasing Corp sold July 1986, as well as its operating
results prior to this date.
    year current and prior excludes loss 1,543,000, and
2,859,000, respectively, for estimated loss on disposal of HCL
Leasing Corp.
    qtr and year current excludes foreign tax 312,000, and
1,179,000, respectively, which payment would have been required
in the absence of foreign operating loss carryforwards from
prior years.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6790>
Shr 1.06 dlrs vs 1.54 dlrs
    Net 9,455,000 vs 13.4 mln
    Sales 418.7 mln vs 422.0 mln
    Note: 59 pct owned by Hawker Siddeley Group PLC
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6794>
Qtly distribution 43.5884 cts vs 37.2427 cts in prior qtr
    Payable April 10
    Record March 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6797>
Emhart Corp said it plans to increase
worldwide revenues and earnings at an annual compounded growth
rate of 15 pct and about 13 pct, respectively.
    It said these objectives were based on several assumptions,
including a four pct average inflation rate through 1989 and a
two pct to three pct GNP real growth.
    In 1986, Emhart reported a net loss of 10 mln dlrs or 35
cts a share, after a 90 mln after-tax restructuring charge,
which realigned the company's assets.
    Emhart has divested itself of many of its units to focus on
three primary markets--industrial products, consumer products,
and information and electronic systems.
    Emhart said industrial products should account for about 62
pct of projected 1987 revenues of 2.3 billion dlrs, while
consumer products should account for about 20 pct of those
revenues and information and electronic systems about 18 pct.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6799>
Shr 27 cts vs 23 cts
    Net 1,713,000 vs 1,447,000
    Revs 46.9 mln vs 39.3 mln
    Year
    Shr 97 cts vs 78 cts
    Net 6,154,000 vs 4,855,000
    Revs 167.9 ln vs 130.4 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6801>
Qtly div 10 cts vs 10 cts in prior qtr
    Payable April 22
    Record April 10
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6802>
Qtly div 30 cts vs 30 cts in prior qtr
    Payable April 20
    Record March 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6809>
Shr loss 18 cts vs loss 20 cts
    Net loss 629,527 vs loss 697,847
    Revs 404,345 vs 1,558,951
    Year
    Shr loss 56 cts vs loss 1.81 dlrs
    Net loss 1,910,063 vs loss 5,744,588
    Revs 5,999,377 vs 6,347,702
    Avg shrs 3,441,513 vs 3,175,402
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6813>
Shr 2.04 dlrs vs 1.83 dlrs
    Net 76,172,000 vs 71,101,000
    Revs 621.7 mln vs 670.3 mln
    NOTE: Central Illinois Public Service Co is full name of
company.
    Most recent 12 months net excludes preferred dividends of
6.4 mln dlrs compared with 8.6 mln dlrs last year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6814>
Yr ends Nov 29, 1986
    Shr loss 61 cts vs loss 1.19 dlrs
    Net loss 1,017,000 vs loss 1,987,000
    Revs 10.4 mln vs 10.3 mln
    NOTE: Prior yr ended Nov. 30
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6816>
Oesterreichische Laenderbank AG
[OLBV.VI] expects to maintain its dividend and to record a
moderate rise in profits this year after the 181.5 mln
schilling net profit made in 1986, General Director Gerhard
Wagner said.
    Wagner told a news conference that last year's 34.3 pct
rise in net profit from 135.1 mln in 1985 was largely due to
greater domestic business and wider margins on schilling
interest rates.
    The bank, Austria's third largest, raised its 1986 dividend
to 12 pct of its 1.5 billion schilling nominal share capital
from 10 pct on capital of 1.35 billion in 1985.
    Announcing the 1986 results, Wagner said: "We will endeavour
to maintain the higher dividend in 1987."
    Laenderbank's balance sheet total rose five pct to 197.7
billion schillings against 8.1 pct growth in 1985. Foreign
currency business last year accounted for some 37 pct of
balance sheet total compared with about 41 pct in 1985.
    Wagner blamed the realtive shrinkage of foreign business
chiefly on the dollar's fall against the schilling, which is
effectively pegged to the mark. The dollar's weakness had wiped
some 8.9 billion schillings off the balance sheet total.
    Wagner declined to give an exact figure for profits from
the bank's London branch, which opened in April 1985, but said
that it came close to one mln stg.
    On schilling lending, profit on interest had risen 18 pct
to 2.19 billion schillings while commission earnings climbed
8.7 pct to 738.9 mln.
    According to the 1987 federal budget, the state is due to
lower its stake 60 pct in Laenderbank, probably to 51 pct.
Wagner said the exact timing of the move depended on the state.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6825>
Qtly div 1-3/4 cts vs 1-3/4 cts prior
    Pay April 23
    Record April nine
    NOTE: Full name Restaurant Management Services Inc
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6827>
Qtly div 15 cts vs 12.5 cts prior
    Pay May 1
    Record April 17
    Note: Prior dividend is adjusted for recent six-for-five
stock split.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6830>
Shr seven cts vs 20 cts
    Net 184,000 vs 387,000
    Revs 9,100,000 vs 6,700,000
    Year
    Shr 13 cts vs 33 cts
    Net 315,000 vs 627,000
    Revs 32.4 mln vs 24.6 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6837>
Oper shr 40 cts vs 30 cts
    Oper net 1,364,000 vs 1,025,000
    Revs 14.7 mln vs 11.0 mln
    Avg shrs 3,372,970 vs 3,425,400
    Year
    Oper shr 86 cts vs 32 cts
    Oper net 2,925,000 vs 1,109,000
    Revs 43.0 mln vs 35.7 mln
    Avg shrs 3,383,651 vs 3,418,594
    NOTE: Year-ago periods exclude extraordinary gain of 1.1
mln dlrs or 31 cts/shr.
    Includes gains of 988,000 dlrs vs one mln dlrs in qtr and
2.2 mln dlrs vs 1.1 mln dlrs in year from tax loss
carryforwards.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6840>
Shr primary 36 cts vs 31 cts
    Shr diluted 36 cts vs 31 cts
    Net 25.1 mln vs 21.7 mln
    Revs 1.53 billion vs 1.39 billion
    Avg shrs primary 68.8 mln vs 68.9 mln
    Avg shrs diluted 70.5 mln vs 71.0 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr primary 1.32 dlrs vs 1.13 dlrs
    Shr diluted 1.30 dlrs vs 1.11 dlrs
    Net 90.8 mln vs 77.6 mln
    Nine mths
    Revs 5.18 billion vs 4.58 billion
    Avg shrs primary 68.9 mln vs 68.8 mln
    Avg shrs diluted 70.6 mln vs 71.0 mln
    Note: Net is before preferred dividend payments.
    Current nine mths net includes after-tax provision of five
mln dlrs for consolidation of food plants.
    Shr and avg shrs data reflect two-for-one split in December
1986. Results for year-ago nine mths and current first half
restated to reflect acquisition of E.J. Miller Enterprises for
1,040,000 shares in January 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6848>
Oper shr 64 cts vs 52 cts
    Oper net 872,272 vs 706,836
    Revs 9,271,541 vs 7,744,466
    Year
    Oper shr 2.03 dlrs vs 1.96 dlrs
    Oper net 2,782,7801 vs 2,684,089
    Revs 31.2 mln vs 29.1 mln
    NOTE: Full name is North-West Telecommunications Inc
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6850>
Shr profit eight cts vs loss 16 cts
    Net profit 153,000 vs loss 310,000
    Sales 3,937,000 vs 2,364,000
    Nine Mths
    Shr profit five cts vs loss 53 cts
    Net profit 97,000 vs loss 1,042,000
    Sales 10.2 mln vs 7,564,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6852>
Americus Trust for American Telephone
and Telegraph Shares Series Two said it will distribute an
initial dividend of 28.75 cts on May 12 to shareholders of
record March 31.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6859>
Shr three cts vs one ct
    Net 235,000 vs 66,000
    Revs 10 mln vs 8,202,000
    Avg shrs 7,972,000 vs 8,545,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6860>
Shr loss 83 cts
    Net loss 2,115,000
    Revs 139.6 mln
    Avg shrs 3.6 mln
    NOTE: Company went public February 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6861>
Shr seven cts vs seven cts prior qtr
    Pay April 30
    Record April 15

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6862>
Metro Mobile CTS Inc said it declared
a 10 pct stock dividend.
    The dividend will be distributed on April 13 to holders of
record March 30.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6863>
&lt;Laurentian Group Corp> said it
expects 1987 earnings per share will show about the same
proportionate increase as in 1986.
    Last year, the company had 25.7 mln dlrs operating profit,
or 76 cts per share, up from 11.1 mln dlrs, or 59 cts per
share, in 1985. Shares outstanding increased to 39 mln from
27.8 mln.
    The American holding company, Laurentian Capital Corp, will
show a substantial improvement this year, chairman Claude
Castonguay said before the annual meeting.
    Laurentian Capital Corp, which recently acquired two small
U.S. life insurance companies, had 1986 profit of 1.1 mln U.S.
dlrs, or eight cts per share, compared to seven mln U.S. dlrs,
or 68 cts per share.
    Castonguay said Laurentian Group Corp, the parent firm,
plans to fill out its national financial services distribution
system and make further acquisitions if the right opportunity
occurs.
    The company also may expand this year in continental
Europe, in conjunction with La Victoire, a French insurance
company, he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6864>
Metro Mobile CTS Inc said it declared
a 10 pct stock dividend.
    The dividend will be distributed on April 13 to holders of
record March 30.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6865>
Shr 1.05 dlrs vs 51 cts
    Net 8,500,000 vs 4,100,000
    Revs 183.2 mln vs 136.6 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6875>
Qtly div six cts vs six cts prior
    Pay April 17
    Record April 3.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6877>
Texstyrene Corp said it has
suspended quarterly cash dividend payments on its 9.5 pct
convertible exchangeable preferred stock.
    The suspension effects the March 15 payment, and it said it
does not expect to pay preferred dividends in the forseeable
future.
    It said the payments were suspended because of certain
covenants contained in its loan agreements. A spokesman said
the company's loss of 2,115,000 dlrs for the first 11 months as
a public company did not meet an income condition on the loans,
leading to the suspension.
    The maker of foam cups, food containers and other products
said it had 733,332 outstanding preferred shares, which had
been privately placed.
    The dividend payments on the shares amounted to 1,045,000
dlrs per year, the spokesman said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6880>
Shr loss 2.22 dlrs vs profit 16 cts
    Net loss 10.2 mln vs profit 760,443
    Revs 1.1 mln vs 3.7 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 3.68 dlrs vs profit 64 cts
    Net loss 16.9 mln vs profit 2.7 mln
    Revs 3.6 mln vs 15.2 mln
    NOTE:1986 4th qtr includes 6.7 mln dlr restructuring charge
and writedowns of 280,000 dlrs. year includes writedown of 3.6
mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6881>
Qtly div 18 cts vs 18 cts prior
    Pay April 30
    Record March 26.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6894>
Mesa Royalty Trust &lt;MRT> said unit
holders of record March 31 will receive a distribution
amounting to 55,192 dlrs or 2.96 cts per unit, payable April
30.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6907>
&lt;Mitek Systems Inc> said it
expects to report a loss in the current quarter ending March
31, due primarily to the government buying cycle.
    The company did not quantify the size of the expected loss.
It said it expects sales and profits for fiscal 1987, however,
to exceed those of 1986. In 1986 Mitek reported sales of five
mln dlrs and a net profit of 14,000 dlrs.
    Mitek als said it has introduced a line of 15 page per
minute desk top laser printers.
    Limited shipments will begin next quarter, with full
production planned for the following quarter, it said.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6917>
Qtly div five cts
    Pay April 1
    Record March 27
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6931>
Qtly div 12-1/2 cts vs 12-1/2 cts
    Pay April 23
    Record April 2
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6972>
Net 64.5 mln Swiss francs vs 68.5 mln
    Div 33 francs per share vs 38
    Turnover 4.03 billion vs 4.35 billion.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6999>
26 weeks ended Dec 28
    Net shr 25.9 cents vs 28.2
    Int div 5.5 cents vs 5.0
    Pre-tax 48.30 mln dlrs vs 44.29 mln
    Net 25.94 mln vs 25.35 mln
    Turnover 453.28 mln vs 407.35 mln
    Other income 4.48 mln vs 3.18 mln
    Shrs 100 mln vs 90 mln.
    NOTE - Div pay May 8. Reg April 14.
    Net is after tax 22.09 mln dlrs vs 18.60 mln, interest
11.60 mln vs 13.92 mln, depreciation 8.52 mln vs 7.06 mln and
minorities 267,000 vs 346,000 but before net extraordinary
profit 89.32 rpt 89.32 mln dlrs vs nil.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7001>
Media group John Fairfax Ltd &lt;FFXA.S>
said that its flat first half net profit partly reflected the
impact of changes in the Australian tax system.
    Fairfax earlier reported net earnings edged up 2.3 pct to
25.94 mln dlrs in the 26 weeks ended December 28 from 25.35 mln
a year earlier although pre-tax profit rose 9.1 pct to 48.30
mln from 44.29 mln.
    Net would have risen 10.1 pct but for the increase in
company tax to 49 pct from 46 and the imposition of the tax on
fringe benefits, paid by employers and not the recipients, the
company said in a statement.
    Fairfax also pointed to the cyclical downturn in revenue
growth in the television industry as another reason for the
flat first half earnings.
    It said it considered the result satisfactory in view of
these factors.
    Fairfax said its flagship dailies, The Sydney Morning
Herald and the Melbourne Age, boosted advertising volume, as
did the Australian Financial Review, and posted extremely
satisfactory performances. Magazines also performed strongly.
    But an 8.9 pct rise in television costs outweighed a 4.0
pct rise in revenue, it said.
    Fairfax said a fall in net interest also contributed to net
earnings because group borrowings were reduced following the
receipt of a 96.11 mln dlr capital dividend from &lt;Australian
Associated Press Pty Ltd> (AAP) after the sale of AAP's "B"
shares in Reuters Holdings Plc &lt;RTRS.L>.
    This accounted for the 89.32 mln dlr extraordinary profit.
    Fairfax said it is too early to predict results for the
full year. Increased borrowings after the recent 320 mln dlr
acquisition of the HSV-Seven television station in Melbourne
will hit earnings but networking with the Channel Sevens in
Sydney and Brisbane will produce some offsetting cost savings.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7003>
Shr 6.56p vs 50.31p
    Final div 6p, making 8p vs 13p.
    Pre-tax profit 134 mln stg vs 759 mln.
    Net profit 33 mln vs 253 mln.
    Turnover 978 mln stg vs 1.80 billion.
    Extraordinary debit 50 mln vs nil.
    Operating profit 149 mln stg vs 756 mln.
    Exceptional debit on rationalisation programme 12 mln vs
nil
    Petroleum Revenue Taxes 77 mln vs 319 mln,
    U.K. Corporation tax and overseas tax 24 mln vs 187 mln,
    Note - The net effect of accounting changes in 1986 was to
reduce after tax profits by 47 mln stg. Retained earnings for
prior years were increased by 209 mln.
    Extraordinary debit of 50 mln stg related to the decision
to seek a buyer for the company's U.S. Assets.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7008>
Shr 14.58p vs 7.86p
    Div 6.5p making 9.75p, an increase of 19.4 pct
    Pretax profit 83.2 mln stg vs 31.5 mln
    Net after tax 68.6 mln stg vs 37.7 mln
    Pretax profit 83.2 mln stg vs 31.5
mln, consists of -
    Long term business 45.9 mln stg vs 43.8 mln
    U.S. Long term business 6.2 mln vs 8.9 mln
    Fund management 4.7 mln vs 6.5 mln
    Short term business 4.7 mln vs loss 29.0 mln
    Associate companies 0.9 mln vs 0.8 mln
    Shareholders other income and outgoings 0.4 mln debit vs
0.5 mln credit
    Exceptional long-term business profit 21.4 mln vs nil
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7048>
Oper shr loss 21 cts vs loss 95 cts
    Oper net loss 666,000 vs loss 2,184,000
    Avg shrs 3,181,805 vs 2,310,200
    Year
    Oper shr loss 30 cts vs loss 23 cts
    Oper net loss 823,000 vs loss 606,000
    Avg shrs 2,757,040 vs 2,614,225
    NOTE: Net excludes realized investment gains of 666,000
dlrs vs 289,000 dlrs in quarter and 2,274,000 dlrs vs 1,468,000
dlrs in year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7058>
Transamerica Corp said it expects
to realize a gain of about 75 mln dlrs on the
previously-announced sale of the group life and health
operations of its Transamerican Occidental Life Insurance Co
subsidiary to Provident Life and Accident Co &lt;PACC>.
    But it said its Transamerica Life Cos unit plans to change
to a more conservative method of amortizing deferred policy
acquisition costs, resulting in a one-time charge that will
offset most of the gain from the sale.
    Transamerica said it has now signed a definitive agreement
for the sale, which will be structured as a reinsurance
transaction involving about 400 mln dlrs of reserve
liabilities.
    It said the 75 mln dlr gain from the sale and about 125 mln
dlrs of statutory surplus that previously supported operations
of the group being sold will be used to support Transamerica
Life Cos' efforts to accelerate the growth of its remaining
businesses.  It said closing is expected by May One, subject to
regulatory approvals.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7060>
AmeriTrust Corp said its board
declared a two-for-one stock split, and management intends to
recommend to directors an increase in the quarterly dividend to
at least 50 cts per share presplit from the current 44 cts.
    The company said shareholders at the May 14 annual meeting
will be asked to approve an increase in authorized common
shares to 100 mln from 25 mln, as well as a limitation of
directors' liability and the establishment of a classified
board.
    The split is subject to approval of the increase in
authorized common shares, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7061>
ended Jan 31
    Shr loss 1.58 dlrs vs profit 58 cts
    Net loss 24.2 mln vs profit 18.9 mln
    Sales 1.34 billion vs 1.32 billion
    Avg shrs 20.0 mln vs 19.8 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 1.27 dlrs vs profit 92 cts
    Net profit 4.2 mln vs profit 48.0 mln
    Sales 4.09 billion vs 3.98 billion
    Avg shrs 20.2 mln vs 19.6 mln
    NOTES: Share results after provision for preferred
dividends
    Per share profits from operations were 1.46 dlrs vs 71 cts
in the quarter and 2.44 dlrs vs 1.05 dlrs in year. On a fully
diluted basis this was 1.11 dlrs vs 67 cts and 2.42 dlrs vs
1.58 dlrs, respectively, based on 33.0 mln vs 32.3 mln shares
outstanding in quarter and 32.8 mln vs 32.1 mln in year
    1986 results in both periods include pre-tax losses pf 2.2
mln dlr on sale of John Wanamaker and 25.0 mln dlrs related to
recapitalization, for a combined primary per share charge of
1.58 dlrs in quarter and 1.57 dlrs in year.
    1986 results also include an after-tax charge 29.3 mln
dlrs, equal to 1.46 dlrs a share in quarter and 1.44 dlrs in
year, for premium on early retirement of debt
    1985 net in both periods includes pre-tax loss of 2.4 mln
dlrs, equal to 13 cts a share, on sale of Holt Renfrew
    Results include LIFO charge 1.7 mln dlrs vs credit 4.4 mln
dlrs in quarter and credit 1.9 mln dlrs vs credit 6.4 mln dlrs
in year
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7063>
First American Financial Corp
said its board declared a special dividend of 20 cts per share
and the regular 25 ct quarterly dividend, both payable April 15
to holders of record March 31.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7064>
&lt;Caribou Energy Inc> said shareholders
have approved a one-for-100 reverse split that will take effect
by tomorrow and the company has changed its name to &lt;Texas
Petroleum Corp>.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7066>
Swissair &lt;SWSZ.Z> reported a 5.8 pct
drop in 1986 net profit to 64.5 mln Swiss francs and said that,
in line with its new, flexible dividend policy, it would cut
its payout to 33 francs per share from 38.
    President Robert Staubli told a news conference that the
first two months of this year gave hope that 1987 profit would
at least equal last year's figure, but said much depended on
outside factors such as fuel prices and the exchange rate.
    The fall was largely due to a 60 mln franc loss on
Swissair's core flying business last year, against a profit of
27 mln francs the previous year, he said.
    The net profit figure was reached after receipt of some 68
mln francs from plane sales, compared with a mere 17 mln francs
in 1985. Finance Head Martin Juenger said he expected around 20
mln francs from sales this year, although said much depended on
the speed with which it decided to sell its DC-10s.
    Gross profit for 1986 reached 340.5 mln francs, with 276
mln francs subtracted for ordinary depreciation.
    Gross profits for the previous year had been 382.5 mln
francs, with 314 mln subtracted for depreciation, including 45
mln francs supplementary depreciation.
    Staubli said the 1986 result, well below predictions made
this time last year, suffered considerably due to exchange rate
fluctuations, in particular the strength of the Swiss franc.
    While the negative effects on revenue of the sharp drop in
the dollar were partially compensated for by cheaper fuel
prices, there was no such offset for the strength of the franc
against other European currencies.
    "Income and profit generated by services to these countries
shrank by a very substantial margin," he said. "Exchange rate
trends therefore hit us much more severely than most other
airlines."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7072>
Ended Jan 31
    Shr one ct vs 31 cts
    Net 29,000 vs 1,350,000
    Revs 43.7 mln vs 32.4 mln
    Year
    Shr 29 cts vs 62 cts
    Net 1,251,000 vs 2,520,000
    Revs 129.9 mln vs 96.1 mln
    NOTE: Full name Stuarts Department Stores Inc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7073>
Iomega Corp announced it expected
revenues for the first quarter of 1987 to be significantly
lower than planned and that it anticipated a loss for the
quarter.
    In its annual report to be mailed to stockholders tomorrow,
the company will announce its first quarter loss will be in
excess of 10 mln dlrs primarily as a result of lower than
anticipated revenues.
    The company said it recored net income of 4,572,000 dlrs,
or 30 cts per share, for its first quarter fiscal 1986, on
revenues of 35.0 mln.
    The company said it lowered its revenue plan for the
balance of 1987 and also expects to record a loss for the
entire 1987 year.
    Iomega said the first quarter loss will place the company
in default under certain covenants in its bank line of credit
unless these covenants are modified.
    The company is currently exploring alternatives for raising
additional funds through a debt for equity financing.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7074>
Shr 22 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 3,166,000 vs 1,780,000
    Sales 30.4 mln vs 16.9 mln
    Avg shrs 14.6 mln vs 14.0 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 56 cts vs 33 cts
    Net 7,961,000 vs 4,562,000
    Sales 78.8 mln vs 44.7 mln
    Avg shrs 14.3 mln vs 13.9 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7075>
Dr. Ing. H.C.F. Porsche AG &lt;PSHG.F>
said earnings in first half year 1986/87 were "satisfactory"
despite burdens caused by the dollar's weakness against the
mark and stagnating domestic demand.
    In its semi-annual shareholders' report, Porsche said first
half turnover fell six pct to 1.71 billion marks from 1.83
billion in the same period of 1985/86.
    However, earnings were satisfactory, it said, without
giving absolute figures.
    Domestic turnover fell 26 pct to 283 mln marks from 380
mln.
    Foreign turnover dipped to 1.43 billion marks from 1.45
billion in the first half of last year, although the export
quota rose to 83 pct from 79 pct.
    The car sector accounted for 1.51 billion marks of
turnover, against 1.63 billion the year earlier, it said.
    Production dropped five pct to 25,876 cars from 27,381.
Manufacture of the 911 and 928 models rose six pct to 11,122
from 10,533 units but production of 924 and 944 models was cut
by 12 pct to 14,754 units from 16,848 and would be cut further,
the report said.
    Car sales fell four pct to 25.269 units from 26,414 in the
comparable half year, the report said. U.S. Demand continued
for all models but demand fell in other markets.
    Domestic sales were 39 pct down at 3,267 units from 5,397,
while sales abroad rose five pct to 22,002 from 21,017. Share
of exports in sales rose to 87 pct from 80 pct.
    Investments were reduced to 108 mln marks from 125 mln.
    Earnings were hit by lower sales and by the lower value of
the dollar and currencies in other important markets.
    Nevertheless, sales and turnover would finish the July 11
year at a "high level," Porsche said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7076>
Qtly div seven cts vs seven cts in prior qtr
    Payable April 15
    Record March 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7077>
Qtly div two cts vs two cts prior
    Pay April 24
    Record April Three
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7078>
Period ended Dec 28
    Shr 42 cts vs 35 cts
    Net 941,000 vs 786,000
    Revs 12,798,000 vs 2,269,000
    Year
    Shr 97 cts vs 83 cts
    Net 2,211,000 vs 1,841,000
    Revs 19,027,000 vs 6,474,000
    NOTE: 1985 period ended December 29
    Share results adjusted for five-for-four stock split on
April 28, 1986 and 10 pct stock dividend issued Dec 10, 1986
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7079>
Shr 21 cts vs 21 cts
    Net 542,119 vs 520,668
    Sales 2,035,759 vs 1,804,350
    1st half
    Shr 38 cts vs 42 cts
    Net 956,228 vs 1,038,300
    Sales 3,748,357 vs 3,482,066
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7083>
Shr 1.64 dlrs vs 90 cts
    Net 64.9 mln vs 28.8 mln
    Revs 73 mln vs 35 mln
    NOTE: Shares outstanding 39.5 mln vs 32.1 mln. Avg shrs not
given.
    Company recently raised equity and voting interests in
&lt;Hees International Corp> to 13.4 pct and 16.1 pct,
respectively.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7085>
Unilever Plc &lt;UN.AS> said a reduction in
U.K. Advance Corporation Tax, (ACT) has prompted the company to
adjust its 1986 final dividend to 36.17p per share from the
originally declared 35.18p.
    Unilever's 1985 final dividend amounted 27.05p
    The adjustment stemmed from the dividend equalisation
agreement between the British company and its Dutch partner
Unilever NV. ACT in respect of any dividend paid by Unilever
Plc has to be treated as part of the dividend.
    Unilever NV final dividend remains 10.67 guilders as
declared with the 1986 results on March 3.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7092>
Oper shr loss 1.25 dlrs vs loss 44 cts
    Oper net loss 2,915,000 vs loss 951,000
    Revs 8,131,000 vs 119,000
    NOTE: 1985 net excludes 625,000 dlr gain from discontinued
operations.
    Net includes tax credits of 860,000 dlrs vs 285,000 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7096>
Shr 27 cts vs 10 cts
    Net 7,684,000 vs 2,587,000
    Revs 273.9 mln vs 203.7 mln
    Year
    Shr 90 cts vs 33 cts
    Net 23.9 mln vs 8,219,000
    Revs 1.01 billion vs 700.7 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7102>
Deutsche Babcock AG
&lt;DBCG.F> expects profits to rise in the current financial year
ending September 9 although the earnings level is still
unsatisfactory, managing board chairman Helmut Wiehn said.
    He told a news conference that business during the year had
weakened somewhat but was still generally positive.
    Sales during the first five months to February was 1.26
billion marks, 46.7 pct down from the same 1985/86 period.
However, he expected turnover for the year to be approximately
unchanged from the previous year's 5.14 billion marks when
current orders from major projects are booked.
    Wiehn said incoming orders in the first five months to end-
February totalled 2.50 billion marks compared with 2.04 billion
for the same period in 1985/86. They included a 45.8 pct
increase in domestic orders to 1.57 billion marks.
    Orders in hand for the five months were 16.7 pct higher at
8.64 billion marks.
    Wiehn added that Babcock was still aiming for a three pct
yield on turnover. In the year to September 1986 group profits
totalled 39 mln marks on sales of 5.14 billion against the
previous year's 32 mln on 5.11 billion marks.
    Parent company turnover was unchanged at 25.6 mln marks.
    Wiehn said Babcock's liquidity had clearly improved in the
current business year, with financial reserves in the first
five months rising by 237 mln marks to 831 mln after increasing
by 408 mln marks to 594 mln in 1985/86.
    He said pre-tax earnings per share for 1985/86, according
to the DVFA method, were 26.95 marks from 21.40 marks and
earnings after tax rose to 10 marks from 8.10.
    The company earlier said dividend will be unchanged at
three marks for ordinary shares and 3.50 marks for preference
shares.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7107>
Control Resource
Industries Inc said the company estimates 1986 earnings to be
between 800,000 and 900,000 dlrs, or 22 to 25 cts per share,
compared with 852,000 dlrs, or 33 cts per share, during 1985.
    The company said preliminary estimates of 1986 revenues is
24.5 mln dlrs, compared with 7,900,000 for 1985.
    The estimated 1986 results are based on 3,207,000 shares
outstanding, compared to 2,566,000 shares outstanding for 1985.
    R. Steven Lutterbach, chairman, said net income for 1986
was adversely affected primarily due to lower operating margins
at the company's Western Environmental subsidiary, and to an
increase in bad debt reserves.
    Western Environmental was acquired in March 1986.
Lutterbach explained the company has taken steps to improve
financial and accounting controls, primarily at Western, which
were not adequate at the time of acquisition.
    He noted the final results for the fourth quarter will
depend on the allocation of increased costs between the second
and fourth quarters.
    Lutterbach said it is possible second quarter results will
be restated, though final net income for the year will remain
in the estimated range.
    He added preliminary indications for first quarter 1987
revenues were favorable.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7113>
Shr 24 cts vs 21 cts
    Net 9,700,000 vs 8,286,000
    Revs 120.6 mln vs 115.7 mln
    Avg shrs 40.0 mln vs 39.9 mln
    Year
    Shr 69 cts vs 68 cts
    Net 27.8 mln vs 27.1 mln
    Revs 374.9 mln vs 358.8 mln
    Avg shrs 40.0 mln vs 39.9 mln
    NOTE: 1986 year net includes charge of 2,396,000 dlrs, or
six cts a share, for debt redemption
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7115>
Oper shr 11 cts vs 11 cts
    Oper net 164,000 vs 161,000
    Revs 2,598,000 vs 2,241,000
    Nine mths
    Oper shr 28 cts vs 18 cts
    Oper net 419,000 vs 276,000
    Revs 6,983,000 vs 5,019,000
    NOTE: Net excludes tax loss carryforwards 11,876 dlrs vs
83,045 dlrs in quarter and 36,684 dlrs vs 144,590 dlrs
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7120>
Shr 56 cts vs 63 cts
    Net 48,500,000 vs 55,400,000
    Sales 1.53 billion vs 1.46 billion
    Avg shrs 86.6 mln vs 87.3 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.73 dlrs vs 1.79 dlrs
    Net 150,300,000 vs 156,200,000
    Sales 4.60 billion vs 4.30 billion
    Avg shrs 86.7 mln vs 87.3 mln
    NOTE: 1987 results include gain of 9.7 mln dlrs, or 11 cts
a share from sale of assets
    1986 results include gain of 161 mln dlrs, or 18 cts a
share, from sale of assets, offset partly by a restructuring
provision
    Fiscal 1987 results restated to give effect to adoption of
financial accounting standards relating to pension costs.
Segment data for Foods restated to include results of commodity
marketing, previously reported separately. Earnings restated
for two-for-one stock split, effective Nov 30, 1986
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7128>
Shr 86 cts vs 62 cts
    Shr diluted 86 cts vs 59 cts
    Net 28.0 mln vs 18.3 mln
    Revs 513.5 mln vs 517.0 mln
    First half
    Shr 2.03 dlrs vs 1.78 dlrs
    Shr diluted 2.03 dlrs vs 1.61 dlrs
    Net 65.9 mln vs 50.0 mln
    Revs 1.11 billion vs 1.08 billion
    Avg shrs 32.4 mln vs 28.1 mln
    Avg shrs diluted 32.4 mln vs 32.4 mln
    NOTE: 1987 net includes gains of 645,000 dlrs, or two cts a
share, in quarter and 12,290,000 dlrs, or four cts a share,
from reduced pension expense under new accounting procedures
    Net in both 1987 periods also includes gain of 4.0 mln
dlrs, or 12 cts a share, from sale of land in Alabama.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7132>
Qtly div 76 cts vs 76 cts prior qtr
    Pay 15 May
    Record 30 April
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7133>
Shr 19 cts vs 18 cts
    Net 835,000 vs 794,000
    Sales 23.9 mln vs 20.5 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 47 cts vs 91 cts
    Net 2,104,000 vs 3,489,000
    Sales 74.5 mln vs 65.2 mln
    Avg shrs 4,450,675 vs 3,822,894
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7139>
Feb 28 end
    Shr 44 cts vs 16 cts
    Shr diluted 37 cts vs 16 cts
    Net 5,378,000 vs 1,987,000
    Revs 26.8 mln vs 14.6 mln
    Avg shrs 12.4 mln vs 12.1 mln
    Shr 1.26 dlrs vs 45 cts
    Shr diluted 1.10 dlrs vs 45 cts
    Net 15.5 mln vs 5,401,000
    Revs 80.3 mln vs 46.4 mln
    NOTE: Share adjusted for stock dividends declared through
today.   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7141>
Countrywide Credit Industries
Inc said its board declared an eight ct per share quarterly
dividend, up from seven cts last quarter, and a two pct stock
dividend.
    The cash dividend is payable April 14 to holders of record
March 30 and the stock dividend is payable April 17 to holders
of record March 31.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7146>
Qtly div nine cts vs eight cts prior qtr
    Pay 20 April
    Record 3 April
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7148>
Qtly div 25 cts vs 25 cts prior qtr
    Payable 10 June
    Record 15 May
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7155>
Pillsbury Corp, reporting lower
earnings for the third quarter ended February 28, said a strong
performance by its Foods Group was offset by Restaurants Group
declines.
    Excluding unusual items, it said restaurants operating
profit was down in the quarter 12 pct from a year ago as sales
rose four pct.
    It said Burger King USA and Bennigan's reported higher
operating profit, but profits fell sharply at Steak and Ale,
which introduced a new menu.
    Pillsbury also reported lower profits at Distron, Burger
King's distribution arm, and said increased investment spending
on developing concepts - QuikWok, Bay Street and Key West Grill
- hurt results.
    It said Foods operating profit, excluding unusual items,
rose 10 pct with international operations and domestic breads
and baking products major contributors to improvement in the
quarter.
    A turnaround in grain merchandising was a major factor in
profit improvement for the nine months, Pillsbury said.
    Pillsbury said corporate expense showed a 4.3 mln dlr
profit in the quarter reflecting a 10.5 mln dlr gain on the
sale of a joint interest in an Australian food company and
lower corporate expenses, largely as a result of an early
retirement program initiated a year ago.
    Earlier, Pillsbury reported fourth quarter earnings of 48.5
mln dlrs, or 56 cts a share, down from 55.4 mln dlrs, or 63 cts
a share a year ago. Sales advanced to 1.53 billion dlrs from
1.46 billion dlrs.
    Pillsbury said loss of investment tax credits under the
1986 Federal Tax Reform Act reduced per-share earnings by nine
cts in the quarter and 19 cts in the nine months.
    As a result of the act, it said its effective income tax
rate rose eight points to 48.1 pct in the quarter and 5.5
percentage points to 49.7 pct for the nine months.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7157>
Shr 26 cts vs 21 cts
    Net 5,553,000 vs 4,307,000
    Revs 45.1 mln vs 34.2 mln
    Year
    Shr 86 cts vs 67 cts
    Net 18.2 mln vs 14.0 mln
    Revs 161.1 mln vs 118.3 mln
    NOTE: Share adjusted for stock dividends.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7158>
Agency Rent-A-Car Inc said its board
declared a five pct stock dividend, payable May 22 to holders
of record on May 8.
    The company also said it plans to increase the size of its
rental fleet in the year ending January 31 by 20 to 25 pct and
expand its rental office network.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7167>
Qtly div 17.5 cts vs 17.5 cts in prior qtr
    Payable April 15
    Record March 31
    (Company corrects amount of previous payment in MARCH 18
item to show there was no change)
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7174>
Britoil Plc's &lt;BTOL.L> exploration
expenditure for the U.K. In 1987 was likely to be only about a
third of the level in 1986, though overseas expenditure would
remain approximately the same, Chief executive David Walker
said.
    He told reporters following the release of the company's
1986 figures that project expenditure would also remain at 1986
levels.
    U.K. Project expenditure in 1986 rose to 208 mln stg from
184 mln while exploration expenditure dropped to 87 mln from
156 mln. Overseas exploration fell to 28 mln from 58 mln in
1985.
    Earlier, Britoil posted a drop in pretax profit for 1986 to
134 mln stg from 759 mln in 1985, before an extraordinary
charge of 50 mln stg on the company's U.S. Assets. The results
were slightly better than analysts forecast and the share
firmed to 231p from 222p at last night's close. Chairman Sir
Philip Shelbourne said the collapse in the oil price in 1986
had made the period extremely difficult but the company had
come through remarkably well.
    Provided the recovery in oil prices was maintained, the
conditions would be right for a substantially improved
performance this year.
    He added that the firmness of oil prices in March, when
they were normally weaker, made him "a bit encouraged" about the
prospects for future levels.
    Walker added that Britoil would feel confident if the price
stayed within a band of 15 dlrs to 20 dlrs a barrel.
    Britoil had received some 100 responses to its announcement
of a desire to sell the assets and was asking for bids by the
latter part of April.
    End-year reserves rose to 603 mln barrels of oil compared
with 503 mln previously. However, Walker noted that this
included a revised definition of reserves.
    If 1985 figures were restated along the same lines, the
reserve figure would show a drop from 720 mln barrels
previously.
    Gas reserves also eased to 3,568 billion cubic feet from a
restated 3,660 billion.
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7184>
ended January 31
    Shr nil vs nil
    Net profit 351,000 vs loss 243,000
    Sales 7,050,000 vs 7,012,000
    Avg shrs 106,780,000 vs 93,666,000
    Six mths
    Shr loss one ct vs loss one ct
    Net loss 999,000 vs loss 563,000
    Sales 10.6 mln vs 13.0 mln
    Avg shrs 106,641,000 vs 92,986,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7185>
Ryan's Family Steak Houses Inc
said its board declared a three-for-one stock split, payable
May 20 to holders of record May 6.
    The company said the split is subject to shareholder
approval of an increase in authorized shares to 100 mln from 20
mln at the April 22 annual meeting.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7189>
Inertia Dynamics Corp said it
declared a 50 pct stock dividend, payable May 1 to shareholders
of record April 3.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7190>
Shr one ct vs 21 cts
    Net 24,000 vs 612,000
    Sales 2,061,000 vs 3,914,000
    1st half
    Shr eight cts vs 43 cts
    Net 223,000 vs 1,220,000
    Sales 4,584,000 vs 7,912,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7191>
Shr profit eight cts vs loss 23 cts
    Net profit 251,000 vs loss 731,000
    Revs 29.1 mln vs 25.9 mln
    Backlog 18.9 mln vs 12.5 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7192>
Shr 10 cts vs 14 cts
    Net 191,465 vs 193,799
    Sales 7,160,945 vs 6,576,670
    Avg shrs 2,000,565 vs 1,400,000
    Year
    Oper shr 33 cts vs 50 cts
    Oper net 605,725 vs 694,785
    Sales 23.3 mln vs 22.1 mln
    Avg shrs 1,840,692 vs 1,400,000
    NOTE: 1985 year net excludes 30,000 dlr tax credit.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7193>
Shr not given
    Oper net profit 405,914 vs loss 145,380
    Revs 2,446,901 vs 1,295,187
    Year
    Shr not given
    Oper net profit 1,211,465 vs loss 178,101
    Revs 9,085,222 vs 4,995,735
    NOTE: Earnings from 1983 on benefit preferred shareholders
until preferred shareholders' equity equals or exceeds
liquidating and mandatory redemption values.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7209>
Public Service Co of New
Hampshire said its board voted to omit the quarterly dividend
which would have been paid on May 15.
    The company said the omission is the thirteenth consecutive
dividend omission.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7212>
Shr loss 76 cts vs profit 50 cts
    Net loss 19,186,000 vs profit 12,438,000
    Sales 157.9 mln vs 149.2 mln
    NOTE: Fiscal 1987 net loss includes a pretax charge of 19.5
mln dlrs from restructuring and an after tax charge of about
seven mln dlrs from debt prepayment premiums.
    Fiscal 1986 net profit includes a pretax gain of 7.2 mln
dlrs on the sale of some land, an after tax loss 1.35 mln dlrs
from discontinued operations and an after tax gain of 6.7 mln
dlrs from a change in accounting.
    All results restated to exclude five businesses divested as
part of the company's restructuring program.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7216>
Carson Pirie Scott and Co said the Tax
Reform Act of 1986, which repealed investment tax credits, had
a negative impact of 22 cts a share on earnings for the year
ended January 31.
    Earlier, Carson reported yearly per-share earnings of 1.83
dlrs, down from 1.86 dlrs a year ago. Average shares increased
to 10.2 mln from 9.9 mln a year earlier. Sales gained to 1.41
billion dlrs from 1.30 billion dlrs.
    Carson said it was "extremely optimistic about improved
profit performance in 1987."
    It said in the first half of 1987 it hopes to reduce
seasonal-type losses sustained in the 1986 first and second
quarters.
    The company said that in early April its Oak Brook Hills
Hotel and Conference Center in suburban Chicago will open under
its management. Provisions for startup expenses have been made,
it added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7217>
&lt;Domtar Inc> said it plans a
two-for-one stock split to take effect May 14.
    The company said shareholders will be asked to approve the
split at the annual meeting on April 29.
    Domtar said its directors believe the split could favorably
affect marketability of the shares and encourage wider
distribution.
    The shares have been trading recently in a range of 45
dlrs. Domtar stock was previously split on a two-for-one basis
in June, 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7226>
Shr 55 cts vs 93 cts
    Net 1.6 mln vs 2.6 mln
    Revs 5.3 mln vs 1.2 mln
    Year
    Shr 73 cts vs 1.36 dlrs
    Net 2.0 mln vs 3.0 mln
    Revs 9.1 mln vs 11.0 mln
    NOTE:1985 net includes 2.7 mln dlrs gain on disposal of
unit. 1986 includes operations of Dependable Insurance Gruop
Inc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7229>
Oper shr loss two cts vs profit three cts
    Oper net profit 301,000 dlrs vs profit 130,000
    Revs 10.5 mln vs eight mln
    NOTE: Dividends on preferred shares 370,000 dlrs vs 51,000
dlrs.
    Oper net excludes gains on tax loss carryforward of 247,000
dlrs vs 118,000 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7235>
Qtly div nine cts vs eight cts prior
    Payable July one
    Record June 12
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7244>
Shr 23 cts vs 28 cts
    Net 4.3 mln vs 5.1 mln
    Revs 64.5 mln vs 67.1 mln
    NOTE:1986 reflects two for one stock split, effective July
31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7245>
Federated Financial Savings
said it declared an initial quarterly dividend of 85 cts a
share April 27, record April 13.
    This is the first dividend paid by Federated since its
conversion to a stock company from a mutual on Jan 28, 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7250>
Qtrly div three cts vs three cts prior
    Pay May 15
    Record April 24
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7259>
Parent company net profit 754.45 mln francs vs 674.1 mln.
    Dividend 19.50 francs vs same.
    NOTE - Company said the dividend would apply to shares
issued under capital increases during 1986. This means a 32 pct
rise in total dividend payments to 528.14 mln francs on 1986
results from 399.62 mln the previous year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7261>
Shr loss 12 cts vs profit 37 cts
    Net loss 350,738 vs profit 1,095,991
    Revs 18.8 mln vs 15.8 mln
    Year
    Shr profit 28 cts vs profit 1.29 dlrs
    Net profit 831,901 vs profit 3,000,716
    Revs 60.6 mln vs 48.2 mln
    Avg shrs 2,996,903 vs 2,756,596
    Note: Per share date adjusted to reflect 10 pct stock
dividend of March 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7264>
Shr 4.45 dlrs vs 3.44 dlrs
    Shr diluted 4.30 dlrs vs 3.34 dlrs
    Net 423.5 mln vs 319.1 mln
    Sales 3.34 billion vs 2.97 billion
    Avg shrs 95.1 mln vs 92.6 mln
    NOTE: U.S. funds.
    Net includes equity in earnings of Du Pont Co &lt;DD> of 169.1
mln dlrs vs 75.7 mln dlrs and dividend income from Du Pont
shares of 154.1 mln dlrs vs 150.8 mln dlrs.
    Latest year net includes pretax charge 35.0 mln dlrs from
sale of wine operations and reorganization of spirits
operations in U.S. and related reduction in tax expense of 27.7
mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7266>
Qtly div 20 cts vs 20 cts prior
    Pay May 11
    Record April Three
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7267>
Qtly div 30 cts vs 30 cts prior
    Pay April 30
    Record April Three
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7272>
Oper shr one ct vs six cts
    Oper net 48,000 vs 556,000
    Revs 19.0 mln vs 26.5 mln
    Year
    Oper shr 19 cts vs 46 cts
    Oper net 1,586,000 vs 3,971,000
    Revs 90.8 mln vs 103.1 mln
    NOTE: Previous oper net excludes 404,000 dlrs of
extraordinary expenses for qtr and 991,000 dlr gain for year.
    TIE/communications Inc &lt;TIE> holds 65 pct interest.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7275>
Qtly div 12 cts vs 10 cts prior
    Pay April 24
    Record April One
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7276>
Shr three cts vs 16 cts
    Net 127,000 vs 605,000
    Sales 14.4 mln vs 9,726,000
    Six Mths
    Shr 17 cts vs 30 cts
    Net 678,000 vs 1,141,000
    Sales 24.6 mln vs 19.2 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7277>
Qtly div 20 cts vs 20 cts previously
    Pay June Two
    Record May 12
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7278>
Qtly div 10 cts vs 10 cts prior
    Pay April 15
    Record April One
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7279>
Qtly div 47-1/2 cts vs 47-1/2 cts prior
    Pay May 13
    Record April Six
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7286>
Qtly div Class A 27-1/2 cts vs 27-1/2 cts
    Qtly div Class B 24-1/2 cts vs 24-1/2 cts
    Pay April 10
    Record April Three
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7297>
Qtly div seven cts vs seven cts prior
    Payable April 28
    Record April three
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7302>
Shr profit 10 cts vs loss one ct
    Net profit 647,390 vs loss 75,967
    Sales 2,120,027 vs 1,666,908
    NOTE: Current year net includes 456,004 dlr gain from debt
extinguishment.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7317>
Excel Bancorp Inc said its board
declared an initial dividend of 10 cts per share, payable April
20 to holders of record on April Six.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7320>
Qtly div 24 cts vs 24 cts prior
    Pay May Eight
    Record April 17
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7322>
Dresser Industries Inc said it expects
the joint ventures it has entered into and a gradual
improvement in the energy market to allow it to regain
profitability before the end of the current year.
    Dresser earned 9,600,000 dlrs for the year ended October 31
-- after a 95.0 mln dlr gain from a change in accounting and
pension plan curtailment and a 25.3 mln dlr writedown of
oilfield assets.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7330>
Shr profit five cts vs loss 40 cts
    Net profit 669,000 vs loss 4,256,000
    Revs 46.1 mln vs 43.8 mln
    Avg shrs 13.9 mln vs 10.5 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr profit 42 cts vs loss 23 cts
    Net profit 5,529,000 vs loss 2,219,000
    Revs 152.2 mln vs 139.6 mln
    Avg shrs 13.3 mln vs 9,489,000
    NOTE: Current year net both periods includes 1,800,000 dlr
gain from sale of property.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7331>
Qtr ended Jan 31
    Shr 48 cts vs 38 cts
    Net 1,171,000 vs 794,000
    Revs 15.6 mln vs 14.0 mln
    Year
    Shr 85 cts vs eight cts
    Net 1,831,000 vs 266,000
    Revs 50.4 mln vs 46.5 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7332>
Quaker State Oil Refining Corp
said it signed a 100 mln dlr revolving credit and term loan
agreement with a group of six banks, for which Mellon Bank N.A.
is agent.
    The four-year arrangement has an additional four-year term
loan amortization agreement, Quaker said.
    Quaker said the credit line will be used to finance
expansion plans. Quaker's total capital spending program for
1987 is expected to exceed 125 mln dlrs, it said. In 1986, the
company's capital spending totaled 71.0 mln dlrs.
    Quaker also said costs of new store openings and new
product introductions will depress earnings in the first half.
For the first half of 1986, Quaker reported net income of 26.0
mln dlrs on sales of 473.5 mln dlrs.
    In the first two months, Quaker opened about 25 new stores.
It said it expects to add 150 Minit-Lube fast lubrication
service centers in 1987 at a cost of 75 mln dlrs.
    The company said it is optimistic it will recover in the
second half and report higher earnings for full year fiscal
1987. The company reported net income of 50.3 mln dlrs on sales
of 899.1 mln dlrs for 1986.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7338>
Oper shr three cts vs three cts
    Oper net 511,000 vs 550,000
    Revs 19.7 mln vs 17.7 mln
    Avg shrs 15,777,000 vs 16,074,000
    NOTE: Earnings exclude gains from utilization of tax loss
caryforwards of 398,000 dlrs, or three cts a share vs 455,000
dlrs, or three cts a share
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7341>
To-Fitness Inc said it
has been named exclusive Florida distributor for the hardpack
version of the frozen dessert Tofutti by Tofutti Brands Inc
&lt;TOF>, replacing Pillsbury Co's &lt;PSY> Haagen Dazs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7346>
Qtly div 22 cts vs 22 cts previously
    Pay April 15
    Record March 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7349>
Nynex Corp said it is raising its
quarterly dividend to 95 cts from 87 cts payable May 1, 1987,
to shareholders of record March 31.
    The company said this was the third consecutive year it has
raised its quarterly cash dividend. It added it had a
two-for-one stock split in May 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7358>
Alden Electronics Inc said
its board declared an annual dividend of 15 cts per share on
Class A and B common stock, down from 25 cts last year due to
an expected drop in earnings for the year ended March 28.
    The dividend is payable April 15 to holders of record on
April 3.
    Alden earned 1,357,000 dlrs last year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7359>
Shr loss two cts vs profit 14 cts
    Net loss 2,515,000 vs profit 28,569,000
    Sales 1.41 billion vs 885.2 mln
    Avg shrs 239.2 mln vs 104.4 mln
    Year
    Shr profit 33 cts vs profit 47 cts
    Net profit 83,750,000 vs profit 76,130,000
    Sales 4.77 billion vs 2.81 billion
    Avg shrs 198.8 mln vs 98.3 mln
    Note: Current qtr and year figures include gains on
securities sales of 3.9 mln dlrs and 38 mln dlrs, respectively.
    Prior qtr and year figures include gain on securities sales
of 3.9 mln dlrs.
    Current qtr and year figures include extraordinary loss of
6.9 mn dlrs and gain of 9.9 mln dlrs, respectively.
    Prior qtr and year figures include operating loss
carryforward gains of 7.6 mln dlrs and 35.5 mln dlrs,
respectively.
    Prior qtr and year figures include gains from discontinued
operations of 6.6 mln dlrs and 12.6 mln dlrs, respectively.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7363>
Scott and Stringfellow Financial
Inc said it declared its first quarterly dividend of three
cents per share payable April 15 to shareholders of record
April one.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7366>
Texas Commerce Bancshares Inc said that
relatively stable oil prices and the bank's planned merger with
Chemical New York Corp &lt;CHL> would help 1987 earnings increase
from last year's profits of 20 mln dlrs.
    Texas Commerce chairman Ben Love, in an interview with
Reuters, did not elaborate on how much the bank expected
earnings to increase.
    "We would anticipate that this year would be an improvement
over last because we are stronger," Love said, referring to
Texas Commerce's pending 1.19 billion dlr merger with Chemical.
The merger, which may be finalized as early as May 1, will
lower Texas Commerce's cost of funding by an estimated 10 to 15
basis points, Love said.
    The Texas Commerce-Chemical merger is the only acquisition
by a major out-of-state bank since Texas lawmakers approved
interstate banking effective January 1.
    Hard-hit by loan losses in energy and real estate in Texas'
struggling economy, the only major Texas banks able to report
profits in 1986 were Texas Commerce and RepublicBank which
earned 54.0 mln dlrs. Allied Bancshares Inc &lt;ALBN> lost 17.6
mln dlrs, MCorp &lt;M> lost 82.1 mln dlrs, InterFirst lost 326.5
mln dlrs and First City Bancorporation &lt;FBT>, which is actively
seeking a merger or other form of new capital, lost 402.0 mln
dlrs.
    Love said Texas Commerce had turned the corner on its
energy loan portfolio problems, but added that the bank's
nonperforming real estate loans may increase during 1987.
    "I think the tidal wave in energy has passed over us," he
said. "The fact that the real estate market is still moving
away suggests there could be some continuing growth of
nonperforming loans."
    In 1986, about 42 pct of Texas Commerce's net loan losses
related to real estate lending and 13 pct was due to energy
loan losses. That compares to 1985 when only 17 pct of the
bank's losses were in real estate and energy accounted for 43
pct.
    More than half of Texas Commerce's nonperforming loans,
which totaled 968 mln dlrs at yearend 1986, up from 840 mln
dlrs the year before, were in real estate.
    Love said he believed the real estate loan problems for
Texas Commerce and other major state banks would peak by the
third or fourth quarter of 1987. Absorption of empty office
buildings in Houston, which has a current vacancy rate of about
30 pct, will be a gradual process that could take up to four
years, he said.
    "I think we may be beginning to stabilize this economy. Oil
at 18 dlrs a barrel brings much more confidence than 10 dlrs a
barrel," he said.
    Texas Commerce will retain its name as a separate
subsidiary of Chemical and plans to aggressively expand its
holdings throughout Texas, offering additional products to
build up its consumer banking business, Love said. "We are
resuming what we did best for years -- an offensive position,"
he said.
    In January, Texas Commerce acquired a failed bank in
Montgomery County, adjacent to the Houston metropolitan area,
and earlier this month opened a new bank in San Antonio. Texas
Commerce plans to add more banks in San Antonio and in the
Dallas-Fort Worth area where it currently has only 16 member
banks, he said.
    One day after the Texas Commerce acquisition was announced
in December, InterFirst Corp &lt;IFC> and RepublicBank Corp &lt;RPT>,
both headquartered in Dallas, agreed to merge in a deal valued
at 570 mln dlrs.
    The combination of former archrivals RepublicBank and
InterFirst, giving the two banks a virtual lock on the Dallas
banking market, has not changed Texas Commerce's expansion
plans for the state's second-largest city, Love said. "We think
we can try to get a little part of their roost," he said.
    The Chemical partnership will also give Texas Commerce an
edge in developing new consumer products, he said.
    "We have always been a wholesale bank but we have more than
one million customers all over the state. Chemical will show us
how to take advantage of enhancing our consumer products," he
said, referring to expansion of such existing products as
credit cards and investment banking.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7379>
Brown Transport Co said it expects to
report record 1987 results with revenues increasing to 214 mln
dlrs and earnings per share between 1.25 dlrs and 1.30 dlrs.
    Brown reported 1986 net income of 1.05 dlrs per share, or
5.45 mln dlrs, on revenues of 191.7 mln dlrs.
    Last week the company declared an initial quarterly
dividend of four cts.
    the company said it will begin paying a regular quarterly
dividend in the second quarter but the board has not yet
determined the exact amount.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7381>
Bombay Palace Restaurants Inc, with its
emphasis on location and low food costs, expects its 1987 sales
to increase 150 pct to about 22 mln dlrs from about 8.5 mln
dlrs in 1986, according to President Sant S. Chatwal.
     Chatwal told members of the Dallas financial community at
a lunchtime briefing, "we go for prime locations everywhere and
make sure our leases are very favorable."
     As previously announced, the company expects to report
1986 earnings of about 700,000 dlrs, or 31 to 33 cts a share,
on revenues of 8.5 mln dlrs. Chatwal said the final figures
would be released in about two days.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7382>
AmeriTrust Corp said its board
proposed a two-for-one split of its common, subject to
stockholder approval at its May 14 annumal meeting.
    The company also said it intends to recommend an increase
in its annual regular dividend to at least two dlrs per share
before the split, beginning with the May dividend. The current
annual payout is 1.76 dlr per share.
    AmeriTrust currently has about 20.9 mln shares outstanding
with 25 mln authorized shares. It said shareholders will be
asked to approve an increase in authorized common to 100 mln
shares.
    Ameritrust also said it will submit for shareholder
approval an amendment to the company's charter regarding
liability and indemnification of directors and a recommendation
to create a classified board.
    AmeriTrust's total year-end assets were over 11.1 billion
dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7385>
Qtly div 12 cts vs 10 cts previously
    Pay May 11
    Record April 10
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7388>
Qtr ends Jan 31
    Shr loss 38 cts vs loss 60 cts
    Net loss 1,388,000 vs 2,181,000
    Revs 8,199,000 vs 6,668,000
    NOTE: 1987 qtr includes tax gain 964,000 for insurance
claims.
    1987 qtr also includes non-recurring expense 150,000 for
discontinued operations and consolidation of four distribution
service centers.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7398>
Shr profit two cts vs profit two cts
    Net profit 216,000 vs profit 265,000
    Revs 1,661,000 vs 1,376,000
    12 mths
    Shr profit four cts vs loss two cts
    Net profit 528,000 vs loss 290,000
    Revs 5,881,000 vs 5,541,000
    NOTE: full name of company is pension insurance group of
america inc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7404>
Shr loss 4.95 dlrs vs loss 75 cts
    Net loss 48.2 mln vs loss 4,644,000
    Revs 133.4 mln vs 135.6 mln
    12 mths
    Shr loss 6.28 dlrs vs profit 2.48 dlrs
    Net loss 67.6 mln vs profit 25.7 mln
    Revs 638.9 mln vs 573.1 mln
    Avg shrs 10,771,260 vs 10,355,728
    
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7410>
ended January 31
    Shr profit two cts vs loss one ct
    Net profit 130,000 vs loss 46,000
    Sales 5,042,000 vs nil
    Note: 1987 includes gain of 112,000 dlrs from sale.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7413>
Qtrly div 30 cts vs 30 cts prior
    Pay April 30
    Record April 3
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7424>
Caisse de depot et placement du
Quebec, the government agency which manages the province's
pension funds, said its investment portfolio earned a net
profit of almost three billion Canadian dlrs in 1986, an
increase of 300 mln dlrs over 1985.
    The agency said in its annual statement that it had assets
with a total book value of 25 billion dlrs, or a market value
of 28 billion dlrs, at the end of 1986.
    These holdings had a rate of return of 13.5 pct in the
year, which was below the Caisse's average return of 16 pct in
the past four years and 14.2 pct in the past eight years.
    The Caisse said foreign equity investments represented 3.6
pct of total assets, while U.S. government securities accounted
for another 5.2 pct of the overall portfolio.
    The agency's holding of U.S. government securities yielded
a return of 20.7 pct for the year, significantly more than
either the 14.1 pct earned on the total bond portfolio or the
13.5 pct for all funds under management.
    "These high liquidity securities, which are held on a
temporary basis and for purposes of strategy and the protection
of the overall bond portfolio, have been efficient," the agency
said of the U.S. securities.
    The agency said it has 7.9 billion dlrs invested in
Canadian private sector businesses after channeling 965 mln
dlrs of new funds into this area in 1986.
    The Caisse said it acquired 825 mln of new Government of
Quebec bonds and 342 mln dlrs of new securities from other
Quebec government issuers during the year.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7427>
Asea Group, the diversified industrial
concern based in Vasteras, Sweden, said it expects 1987
earnings, after financial income and expense, to be flat
compared with 1986, when it earned 2.53 billion Swedish crowns,
or 371.1 mln dlrs.
    A company spokesman said 1986 results were boosted
significantly by the booking of two large orders for nuclear
power plants.
    This gain, he said, will be balanced in 1987 by a return to
profitability by Asea's power transmission segment, which had a
loss of 183 mln crowns, or 26.9 mln dlrs, last year.
    Currency conversions were made at 6.81 crowns to the dlr.
    The spokesman said the company has built up a strong
backlog of orders that will contribute to earnings in 1988 and
beyond.
    At yearend 1986, Asea's order backlog stood at 32.7 billion
crowns, or 4.8 billion dlrs, up from 30.9 billion, or 4.5
billion dlrs, at the end of 1985.
    Asea has operations in power generation and transmission,
transportation equipment, pollution control and robotics.
    Total sales in 1986 were 46 billion crowns, or 6.8 billion
dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7432>
Shr profit nil vs loss one ct
    Net profit 1,136 vs loss 42,840
    Revs 1,490,718 vs 1,151,176
    Nine mths
    Shr profit three cts vs profit five cts
    Net profit 89,900 vs profit 150,523
    Revs 4,520,393 vs 4,078,441
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7438>
Shr profit 58 cts vs loss 11 cts
    Net profit 726,000 vs loss 145,000
    Sales 4,958,000 vs 2,783,000
    Nine Mths
    Shr profit 1.08 dlrs vs loss 80 cts
    Net profit 1,359,000 vs loss 1,013,000
    Sales 12.6 mln vs 7,145,000
    NOTE: Fiscal 1987 net profit includes tax credits of
372,000 dlrs in the quarter and 643,000 dlrs in the nine
months.
    Periods end February 28, 1987 and 1986, respectively.
    Art's-Way Manufacturing Co Inc is full name of company.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7439>
Shr loss 18 cts vs profit 11 cts
    Net loss 1.5 mln vs profit 868,000
    Revs 29.3 mln vs 41.1 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 41 cts vs profit five cts
    Net loss 3.1 mln vs profit 409,000
    Revs 99.2 mln vs 231.7 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7441>
Shr 12.84 dlrs vs 3.07 dlrs
    Net 46,054,000 vs 11,026,000
    Revs 491.1 mln vs 473.9 mln
    NOTE: Current net includes gain of 8.51 dlrs a share on
disposal of assets.
    M.W. Ward holds 62 pct voting interest.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7442>
Sea Containers Ltd predicted
its first quarter fiscal 1987 net earnings would improve by 10
mln dlrs over the same period a year ago.
    The company said 1987 got off on a much better footing than
fiscal 1986, from which the company recorded a loss of 67.6 mln
dlrs, or 6.28 dlrs per share, on revenues of 641.4 mln dlrs.
    James Sherwood, president of the company, said he expects
to record a loss of approximately 12 mln dlrs for the first
quarter, compared to losses of approximately 22 mln dlrs for
first quarter fiscal 1986.
    The company emphasized the first quarter is a traditionally
slow period for the ferry industry, which is  part of Sea
Containers' business.
    Sherwoood said the company's losses were largely
attributable to non-recurring events and provisions. He cited
the default of 15 container leasees and ship charterers,
costing the company approximately 25 mln dlrs.
    He also cited a 23 mln dlr cost as a result of a closing
two of its subsidiary's ferry services, and a 10.3 mln dlr
provision to cover losses on the sale of container assets and
severance pay costs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7443>
First Interstate Bancorp said its
1987 pre-tax income could be reduced by about 33.5 mln dlrs if
it decides to reclassify its 339 mln dlrs in medium- to
long-term loans to Brazil as nonperforming.
    But the company stressed in a filing with the Securities
and Exchange Commission that it believes it is too soon to
reclassify the debt, despite Brazil's Feb 20 suspension of
direct interest payments on medium- and long-term loans.
    "The corporation believes that it is premature to make a
decsion to classify such medium- and long-term debt as
nonperforming at this time," First Interstate said.
    But First Interstate said that if Brazil's suspension of
interest payments continues, it may have to reclassify its
loans as nonperforming and place them on non-accrual, meaning
that interest previously accrued but not paid would be deducted
from net income and interest would no longer be accrued.
    Besides its medium- and long-term debt, First Interstate
said it also has 165 mln dlrs in short-term loans or trade
lines in Brazil.
    As of Dec 31, 1986, nonperforming Brazilian outstandings
were about 4.1 mln dlrs, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7444>
Shr profit 15 cts vs profit 15 cts
    Net profit 1,025,000 vs profit 969,000
    Revs 10.9 mln vs 7.8 mln
    12 mths
    Shr profit 33 cts vs loss one cts
    Net profit 2,375,000 vs profit 90,000
    Revs 38.2 mln vs 20.3 mln
    NOTE: Revenues figure shows contract revenue, not gross
contracts written.
    Fourth quarter and full year 1986 includes extraordinary
gain of 501,000 dlrs and 1,040,000 dlrs, respectively, from tax
loss carryforwards.
    Per share figures come after preferred dividend
requirements.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7449>
Shr loss 17 cts vs loss 19 cts
    Net loss 213,000 vs loss 217,000
    Sales 6,788,000 vs 6,254,000
    Year
    Shr loss 22 cts vs loss five cts
    Net loss 270,000 vs loss 61,000
    Sales 27.0 mln vs 27.0 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7455>
Oper shr loss 30 cts vs loss 25 cts
    Oper net loss 2,138,000 vs loss 2,312,000
    Revs 99.3 mln vs 89.4 mln
    Year
    Oper shr loss 40 cts vs profit 47 cts
    Oper net profit 4,294,000 vs profit 8,793,000
    Revs 390.9 mln vs 360.5 mln
    NOTE: Excludes discontinued operations loss of 1.33 dlrs a
share vs 5.35 dlrs a share in the quarter, and loss 1.52 dlrs a
share vs loss 13.64 dlrs in the full year.
    Fourth quarter 1986 includes reserve of nine mln dlrs for
operations company plans to sell.
    Per share figures come after preferred dividend
requirements.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7459>
Shr 1.09 dlrs vs 1.20 dlrs
    Net 1,193,000 vs 1,361,000
    Revs 18.7 mln vs 17.3 mln
    Year
    Shr 1.19 dlrs vs 1.52 dlrs
    Net 1,300,000 vs 1,831,000
    Revs 50.6 mln vs 48.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7462>
Shr loss 1.55 dlrs vs loss 52 cts
    Net loss 13,191,000 vs loss 2,254,000
    Revs 1,179,000 vs 2,003,000
    Avg shrs 8,520,000 vs 4,330,000
    Note: Current year loss includes 11.8 mln dlr writedown of
oil and gas properties under full cost accounting method.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7465>
Oper shr 38 cts vs 5.62 dlrs
    Oper net 400,000 vs 6,173,000
    Revs 1,195,000 vs 392,000
    Year
    Oper shr 94 cts vs 5.65 dlrs
    Oper net 1,006,000 vs 6,257,000
    Revs 2,432,000 vs 1,121,000
    NOTE: 1986 operating net for the quarter and year excludes
a loss on the disposal of certain businesses of 2.15 mln dlrs
and a loss from discontinued operations of 297,000 dlrs in the
quarter and 469,000 dlrs in the year.
    1985 operating net for the quarter and year includes a
pretax gain of nine mln dlrs from the sale of two divisions and
a loss from discontinued operations of 2.85 mn dlrs in the
quarter and 3.7 mln dlrs in the year.
    Napco International Inc is full name of company.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7466>
Oper shr loss 1.02 dlr
    Oper loss 631,000 dlrs
    NOTE: Prior year results are not available as company
completed its public offering in April 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7468>
Shr loss seven cts vs loss 19 cts
    Net loss 497,452 vs loss 1,306,875
    Revs 10.6 mln vs 9.6 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7472>
Shr not given
    Net 540,000 vs 1,890,000
    Revs 4.9 mln vs 7.1 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7474>
Qtly div 19 cts vs 19 cts prior
    Pay April 15
    Record April three
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7476>
Shr 17 cts vs five cts
    Net 1,442,000 vs 393,000
    Revs 9,771,000 vs 8,052,000
    Year
    Shr 74 cts vs 23 cts
    Net 6,076,000 vs 1,875,000
    Revs 34.9 mln vs 30.3 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7481>
Frank B. Hall and Co Inc
said its independent accountants will issue a qualified report
on its financial statements.
    The company said the opinion is the result of ongoing
litigation over its discontinued operations. Earlier it said it
lost 2.1 mln dlrs in the fourth quarter against a loss of 2.3
mln dlrs a year ago before discontinued operations.
    It also said it decided to sell its claims adjusting and
admininistrative operations and its automobile dealer insurance
unit, creating a reserve of about nine mln dlrs in the fourth
quarter 1986 for the sale.
    The company said it will vigorously defend the litigation
arising from the discontinued units.
    It also said it will concentrate on its direct brokerage
and service business.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7483>
Shr loss 15 cts vs nil
    Net loss 877,000 vs profit 22,000
    Sales 13.5 mln vs 18.0 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr loss 35 cts vs profit 20 cts
    Net loss 2,098,000 vs profit 1,184,000
    Sales 43.5 mln vs 55.9 mln
    (Electro Scientific Industries)
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7487>
Qtly cash distribution five cts vs five cts prior
    Pay April 15
    Record March 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7488>
Qtly cash distribution 30.5 cts vs 18.4 cts prior
    Pay May 15
    Record March 31
    Note: Prior-quarter dividend was an initial payout based on
operations for a partial fourth quarter in 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7491>
Shr 26 cts vs 18 cts
    Net 2,102,000 vs 1,415,000
    Revs 44.1 mln vs 42.2 mln
    Year
    Shr 21 cts vs 91 cts
    Net 1,678,000 vs 7,105,000
    Revs 155.1 mln vs 149.2 mln
    Note: Current year figures include 10.1 mln dlr writedown
of costs and investments associated with ethanol refinery
project.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7495>
Oper shr 31 cts vs 34 cts
    Oper net 3,005,000 vs 2,835,000
    Revs 13.1 mln vs 9,478,000
    Year
    Oper shr 1.49 dlrs vs 1.15 dlrs
    Oper net 28.7 mln vs 16.9 mln
    Revs 47.8 mln vs 32.0 mln
    Note: Oper net excludes loss from discontinued operations
of 726,000 dlrs vs gain of 737,000 dlrs for qtr and gain of
581,000 dlrs vs gain of 2,350,000 dlrs for year.
    Note: Full name is Western Tele-Communications Inc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7498>
Qtly cash distribution 72 cts vs 72 cts prior
    Pay May 15
    Record March 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7505>
Quarter ended Feb 28
    Shr four cts vs seven cts
    Net 500,000 vs 900,000
    Revs 9,200,000 vs 10,500,000
    Year
    Shr four cts vs 12 cts
    Net 600,000 vs 1,500,000
    Revs 17.6 mln vs 20.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7508>
Net 41,724 vs 120,329
    Revs 1,194,556 vs 1,504,702
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7514>
Laser Corp said that costs associated
with its defense of two shareholder lawsuits could result in a
net loss for 1987.
    Although Laser expects to post earnings from operations for
the year, a spokesman said they might be wiped out by legal
costs, depending on the length of litigation.
    In addition, the company said it will ask shareholders to
approve proposals to merge the company into its main
subsidiary, reincorporate in Delaware and change the company's
name.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7516>
Shr profit two cts vs profit two cts
    Net profit 216,000 vs 265,000
    Revs 1.7 mln vs 1.4 mln
    Year
    Shr profit four cts vs loss two cts
    Net profit 528,000 vs loss 290,000
    Revs 5.9 mln vs 5.5 mln
    NOTE:1986 net includes realized investment gains of 3,000
dlrs in year. 1985 4th qtr and year includes realized
investment gains of 16,000 and 35,000 dlr respectively.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7517>
Qtly div 44 cts vs 44 cts
    Pay April 30
    Record April 4
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7518>
Qtly div 57 cts vs 57 cts
    Pay April 30
    Record April 3
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7519>
Qtly div nine cts vs nine cts
    Pay May 21
    Record May 1
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7520>
Qtly div 12 cts vs 12 cts
    Pay April 8
    Record April 1
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7541>
Group shr 17.68 yen vs 26.49
     Net 14.70 billion vs 21.92 billion
     Pretax 35.76 billion vs 48.85 billion
     Operating 32.88 billion vs 51.90 billion
     Sales 788.73 billion vs 796.24 billion
     NOTE - Company forecast for current year is group net
15.50 billion on sales of 800 billion.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7544>
Parent shr 37.12 yen vs 34.97
    Div 9.50 yen vs 7.50
    Net 33.34 billion vs 31.05 billion
    Current 79.30 billion vs 73.32 billion
    Operating 72.13 billion vs 65.53 billion
    Sales 1,222 billion vs 1,211 billion
    Outstanding shrs 897.96 mln vs 887.76 mln
    NOTE - 1986/87 dividend included two yen bonus dividend to
mark 80th anniversary. Company forecast for current year is
parent shr 37.86 yen, div 7.50 yen, net 34 billion, current 81
billion and sales 1,250 billion.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7576>
Standard Bank Investment Corp Ltd
(SPRJ.J) chairman Henri de Villiers said he could not predict
profits for the bank this year because of South Africa's
continuing political unrest.
    De Villiers also warned in the annual report that "failing
prompt and decisive political action, South Africa faces a
future of violent deadlock between different racial and
political groupings." 
    He said South Africa's future economic prospects are
"clouded by political and social issues and in the absence of
evidence that these are being positively addressed I am unable
to offer an earnings forecast for 1987."
    Standard Bank, 39 pct owned by Standard Chartered PLC
 &lt;STCH.L>, London, previously reported that 1986 net income
rose by 13.8 pct to 209.0 mln rand.
    The bank said its bad debt losses should begin to decline
this year "although it may take some time before they return to
accepted industry norms."
    The annual report showed that the bank's charge for bad and
doubtful debts rose in 1986 to 187.6 mln rand from 162.1 mln
rand in the prior year.
    The bank said net income of its Standard Bank of South
Africa subsidiary declined 8.2 pct in 1986 to 112.3 mln rand in
a difficult banking environment caused mainly by low credit
demand.
    REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7609>
&lt;Berliner Bank AG> has suffered
losses of between 10 and 100 mln marks through credits granted
by its Stuttgart branch by officials there exceeding their
powers, a bank spokesman said in answer to queries.
    The spokesman declined to say exactly how large the losses
were. Berliner Bank has suspended the three managers of its
Stuttgart branch and is continuing an investigation into the
case, in which state prosecutors are also participating.
    The fact that powers had been exceeded emerged in a routine
check at the branch. The City of West Berlin owns 74 pct of
Berliner Bank and the rest is held by small shareholders.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7620>
Shr loss 46 cts vs loss 51 cts
    Net loss 10.9 mln vs loss 9,782,818
    Revs 20.1 mln vs 9,437,270
    Avg shrs 23.5 mln vs 19.3 mln
    1st half
    Shr loss 90 cts vs loss 1.11 dlrs
    Net loss 20.6 mln vs 21.4 mln
    Revs 38.9 mln vs 14.5 mln
    Avg shrs 22.8 mln vs 19.2 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7621>
Shr loss seven cts vs loss 23 cts
    Net loss 381,000 vs loss 1,071,000
    Sales 4,531,000 vs 4,409,000
    Year
    Shr loss 21 cts vs loss 98 cts
    Net loss 1,098,000 vs loss 4,658,000
    Sales 17.8 mln vs 17.3 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7622>
Qtly div 30 cts vs 30 cts prior
    Pay April 16
    Record April Three
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7631>
M.D.C. Asset Investors Inc, which
recently went public, said its board declared an initial
quarterly dividend of 45 cts per share, payable April 15 to
holders of record April One.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7634>
2nd qtr
    Shr four cts vs seven cts
    Net 500,000 vs 900,000
    Revs 9,200,000 vs 10.5 mln
    1st half
    Shr four cts vs 12 cts
    Net 600,000 vs 1,500,000
    Revs 17.6 mln vs 20.8 mln
    NOTE: Period ended February 28.
    Company corrects period in March 19 item
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7636>
Home Savings and Loan Association
Inc of Durham, N.C., said its board declared a 20 pct stock
dividend, payable April 28 to holders of record April Three.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7647>
Stanley Interiors Corp said
its first quarter shipments and operating income were lower
than expected due to snowstorms in January and February that
forced the closing of some of its manufacturing facilities for
up to six days.
    Stanley said, however, that any reduction in first quarter
operating income will be offset by reduced interest expense and
that first quarter net income will be about flat with first
quarter 1986 net income of 14 cts a share, or 286,000 dlrs.
    Stanely also said the first quarter's sales losses would be
made up by shipments in the second quarter.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7657>
Mthly div 16-1/2 cts vs 16-1/2 cts prior
    Pay May 15
    Record March 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7673>
&lt;International Pagurian Corp Ltd> said
it had net profit of 3.3 mln dlrs or three cts a share for the
period August 15 to December 31, 1986, based on 55.2 mln shares
outstanding.
    Revenues for the full year ended December 31, 1986 were 5.5
mln dlrs and net assets at year end were 317.5 mln dlrs.
    The company did not disclose earnings for the 1986 period
before August 15 or prior year results. A company spokesman
said prior results were not comparable due to its August 15
issue of 30 mln common shares.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7676>
Shr loss eight cts vs loss 20 cts
    Net loss 469,000 vs loss 1,104,000
    Revs 3,093,000 vs 3,056,000
    Nine mths
    Shr loss 19 cts vs loss 29 cts
    Net loss 1,098,000 vs 1,646,000
    Revs 9,562,000 vs 12.2 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7681>
Qtly div 2-1/2 cts vs 2-1/2 cts prior
    Pay May One
    Record April One
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7682>
Qtly div 10 cts vs 10 cts prior
    Pay April 15
    Record March 30
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7686>
Year to September 30, 1986
    Domestic group net profit 69.9 mln marks vs 61.4 mln.
    Parent net profit 53.6 mln vs 43.8 mln.
    Dividend six marks vs same.
    Parent payment to disclosed reserves 20 mln vs 15 mln.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7687>
Pubco Corp said its board declared a
dividend distribution of one common stock purchase right on
each outstanding share of Pubco's common stock.
    It said each right will entitle shareholders to buy one
share of common stock at an exercise price of three dlrs.
    The rights will be exercisable only if a person or group
acquires 20 pct or more of Pubco's common stock or announces a
tender which would result in ownership by a person or group of
20 pct or more of the common stock, the company said.
    Pubco said it will be entitled to redeem the rights at 0.1
cts per right at any time before a 20 pct position has been
acquired and afterward in certain circumstances. It said the
exercise price will be substantially reduced in the event of an
acquisition of 25 pct or more of common stock.
    If Pubco is acquired in a merger or other transaction, each
right will entitle its holder to purchase, at the right's
then-current exercise price, a number of the acquiring
company's common shares having a market value at that time of
twice the right's exercise price, the company said.
    The dividend distribution will be made March 31, 1987,
payable to shareholders of record on that date. The rights will
expire ten years later on March 31, 1987, the company said.
    Pubco said the rights are not being distributed in response
to any specific effort to change control of Pubco, and the
board is not aware of any such effort.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7690>
Tech Data Corp said its board
declared a three-for-two stock split, payable April 30 to
holders of record April 1.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7694>
Rent-A-Center Inc said its
directors approved a three-for-two stock split payable April
20, record April 3.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7696>
USACafes LP said its board declared a
quarterly dividend of 20 cts per unit -- its first since
converting to a limited partnership.
    The company, as USACafes Inc, had paid a quarterly dividend
of nine cts per share.
    It said the restructuring as a partnership has
substantially increased the cash available for distribution to
unitholders, as it had predicted.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7702>
Mthly div 14.248 cts vs 4.912 cts prior
    Pay April 10
    Record March 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7707>
Sheldahl Inc said its
directors approved a three-for-two stock split, payable April
24, record April 3.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7709>
Qtly div 19 cts vs 19 cts prior
    Pay April 15
    Record April One
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7722>
The stock of McDonald's Corp rose
sharply this morning after analyst Daniel Lee of Drexel Burnham
Lambert Inc reiterated his recommendation of the stock, traders
said.
    McDonald's, an operator of fast food restaurants, rose
1-5/8 to 77-3/8.
    "Comparable store sales are up 5.6 pct in 1986 vs 1985,"
Lee said, "and the stock is trading below the market multiple."
He said "not many companies have a consistent 15 pct annual
earnings growth rate, return on equity above 20 pct, but trade
at less than the market multiple."
    Analyst Lee said "the introduction of a new line of salads
this spring, at about the time we are all trying to squeeze
into bathing suits, should boost sales."
    He also noted that "the average McDonald's does about 1.369
mln dlrs in revenues a year. That compares with 1.1 mln dlrs a
year for the average Burger King and 800,000 dlrs a year for
the average Wendy's." Since it cost about the same to build a
single store for any one of these chains, he said, "McDonald's
can well justify their expansion."
    Lee expects McDonald's to earn 4.40 dlrs a share in 1986
and 5.15 dlrs in 1988. Last year it earned 3.72 dlrs a share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7723>
Oper shr 14 cts vs four cts
    Oper net 2,959,000 vs 1,103,000
    Sales 22.5 mln vs 25.2 mln
    Note: oper data does not include extraordinary gains of
3,686,000 dlrs, or 17 cts per shr, in current quarter and
975,000 dlrs, or eight cts per shr, in year ago quarter from
sales of certain marketable securities.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7725>
American Federal Savings and Loan
Association of Colorado said its board cut the quarterly
dividend to 7-1/2 cts per share from 15 cts.
    The dividend is payable April 14 to holders of record March
31.
    The company said earnings will continue under pressure this
year due to the weakness of the Colorado economy and a high
level of nonearning assets.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7726>
Shr 4.50 dlrs vs 4.30 dlrs
    Net 637.4 mln vs 588.5 mln
    Revs 3.95 billion vs 4.10 billion
    Avg shrs 141.7 mln vs 136.9 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7728>
Shr 15 cts vs nine cts
    Net 528,000 vs 374,000
    Revs not given
    Year
    Shr 1.25 dlrs vs 42 cts
    Net 2,853,000 vs 1,579,000
    Revs 55.3 mln vs 46.8 mln
    Note: shr after preferred dividends
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7730>
Oper shr loss 23 cts vs profit 16 cts
    Oper loss 1,868,000 vs profit 1,293,000
    Revs 183,000 vs 3,400,000
    Note: Oper data does not include year ago extraordinary
gain of 750,000 dlrs, or nine cts per shr.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7732>
Qtly div 20 cts vs 20 cts prior
    Pay May 20
    Record May Four
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7734>
Shr 58 cts vs 57 cts
    Net 4,313,000 vs 3,824,000
    Sales 72.8 mln vs 61.5 mln
    Avg shrs 7,492,000 vs 6,740,000
    Year
    Shr 1.33 dlrs vs 1.23 dlrs
    Net 9,592,000 vs 8,257,000
    Sales 226.4 mln vs 184.4 mln
    Avg shrs 7,228,000 vs 6,740,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7735>
Qtr ended Feb 28
    Oper shr 31 cts vs 14 cts
    Oper net 3,203,000 vs 1,357,000
    Revs 13.0 mln vs 15.6 mln
    Note: Oper data does not include year ago extraordinary
gain of 821,000 dlrs, or eight cts per shr.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7736>
&lt;Guardian Trustco Inc>, earlier
reporting a 198 pct increase in full year earnings per share,
said the outlook for 1987 is more modest.
    The company said it has started a number of long-term
growth projects which have a payback period exceeding one year.
Guardian Trustco did not give a specific earnings forecast.
    The company earlier reported 1986 net profit rose to
2,853,000 dlrs or 1.25 dlrs a share, from year-earlier
1,579,000 dlrs or 42 cts a share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7739>
Shr loss 50 cts vs profit one ct
    Net loss 4,419,000 vs profit 276,000
    Sales 126.8 mln vs 151.3 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr loss 42 cts vs profit 1.27 dlrs
    Net loss 3,160,000 vs profit 11.2 mln
    Sales 429.9 mln vs 477.5 mln
    NOTE: Current year net includes tax credits of 2,164,000
dlrs in quarter and 328,000 dlrs in nine mths.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7742>
First City Bancorporation's sale of 54
mln dlrs in oil loans to Prudential-Bache should significantly
reduce its energy problems, but the bank's losses are still
virtually guaranteed to continue, analysts said.
    The package of energy loans was sold at book value, so
First City did not to show a gain or loss, said bank spokesman
James Day. He added it was possible First City would sell more
of the bank's remaining 1.4 billion dlrs in oil-related loans
to raise cash.
    The loans had been made by First City to oil producers and
to oilfield service and supply companies. Day said some had
already been classified as nonperforming, or charged off as a
loss, but he could not identify how many were included in those
categories.
    The loans were purchased by Prudential Bache's Energy
Growth Fund, a limited partnership created last month with 90
mln dlrs in funding to invest in oil and gas properties.
    First City, the big Texas bank hit hardest by the downturn
in oil prices, lost a record 402 mln dlrs in fiscal year 1986
and has said it is seeking a merger partner or some other
capital assistance. The Houston-based bank's nonperforming
assets totaled 897.1 mln dlrs at yearend, up from 563.1 mln
dlrs at the end of 1985
    Analysts have said no buyer is likely to be interested in
the troubled bank unless government assistance is available.
    "Their problems are not just limited to energy. They have a
substantial portfolio in real estate. This sale in and of
itself won't make the company look better to a potential
buyer," said Ray Archibold, a banking analyst with McCarthy,
Crisanti and Maffei Inc.
    "It does reduce the bank's exposure in energy loans and 54
mln dlrs is a substantial amount," Archibold said, "but the
deal represents only about four pct of their energy loans."
    Of First City's total loan portfolio of 9.9 mln dlrs, about
14 pct or 1.4 billion dlrs were made to energy producers or
suppliers, analysts said. Its record losses have been caused by
its past status as one of the nation's top lenders to oil and
gas producers and suppliers during the boom days of the late
1970s and early 1980s.
    First City said about half of the loans sold to Prudential
came from its Energy Finance Co., an entity formed in 1982 to
loan money to "more venturesome" oil borrowers that promised a
higher potential return. The other half of the loans were from
First City's lead bank in Houston.
    Chris Kotowski, an analyst with Oppenheimer and Co., said
the sale of the package of energy loans was the first
encouraging news from First City in months.
    "It's not going to solve all of First City's problems but
it's a good transaction for them. It may be possible for them
to sell additional loans," Kotowski said. "Prudential can fund
these things more cheaply than First City and there's an
incentive to invest in troubled energy companies right now as
values are depressed"
    In a statement, First City chairman J.A. Elkins said the
bank's strategy was to reduce the proportion of energy loans to
total loans. "This move, which we believe is the first
transaction of its kind, helps us further, and we were able to
make it without suffering a loss."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7746>
Qtly div 15 cts vs 15 cts prior qtr
    Pay 6 May
    Record 8 April
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7752>
Shr loss 64 cts vs loss 57 cts
    Net loss 34.9 mln vs loss 22.1 mln
    Revs 31.5 mln vs 60.2 mln
    Avg shrs 60.1 mln vs 45.2 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 2.27 dlrs vs loss 1.66 dlrs
    Net loss 103.2 mln vs loss 57.6 mln
    Revs 129.8 mln vs 169.5 mln
    Avg shrs 51.2 mln vs 38.1 mln
    NOTE: Per share results after preferred dividend
requirements of 3.3 mln dlrs vs 3.5 mln dlrs in quarter and
12.9 mln dlrs vs 5.7 mln dlrs in year
    1986 4th qtr loss includes accruals, writedowns and
non-recurring charges aggregating 13.9 mln dlrs including costs
anticipated in 1987 for the reopening of the Sunshine Mine and
a writedown of the capitalized costs at the Sixteen-to-One Mine
by 4.2 mln dlrs
    1986 year loss includes charges totaling 100 mln dlrs
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7755>
Shr loss not given
    Net loss 1,300,000
    Sales 3,300,000
    NOTE: Company incorporated in June 1985.
    Fourth quarter loss 895,000 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7757>
Div 145 Swiss francs per share and 29 francs per
participation certificate (unchanged)
    Net 1.79 billion vs 1.75 billion
    Shr 526 vs 515
    Turnover 38.05 billion vs 42.23 billion
    Addition to reserves 170 mln vs 95 mln.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7761>
Qtly div 22 cts vs 22 cts prior
    Pay April 10
    Record March 30
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7762>
Shr loss one ct vs profit five cts
    Net loss 34,496 vs profit 207,165
    Rev 102,691 vs 297,813
    Nine months
    Shr profit one ct vs profit five cts
    Net profit 69,018 vs profit 230,188
    Rev 641,823 vs 666,319
    NOTE: The company was delisted from the NASDAQ in November
1985. Third qtr 1986 net includes extraordinary credit of
76,400 dlrs, or four cts a share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7763>
Analyst Thomas McCrann of Merrill
Lynch said he reiterated a "buy" recommendation of Wang
Laboratories Inc, noting that a successful cost cutting
campaign could reduce the earnings loss expected for the third
quarter ending in March.
    Wang was the most actively traded stock on the American
Stock Exchange, rising 3/4 to 16-5/8.
    McCrann said that "Wang is a little bit ahead of where they
were expected to be in their cost reductions, and as a result,
the odds have increased that the loss for the quarter will be
less than had been expected."
    McCrann said he expects Wang to report break even earnings
per share or only a small loss per share for the third quarter.
    He said for the year, however, the company should report a
loss of about 50 cts a share compared with earnings of about 35
cts a share a year ago.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7766>
Qtly div 35 cts vs 35 cts prior
    Pay April 15
    Record March 31
    NOTE: Winthrop Insured Mortgage Investors II.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7768>
Qtly div 15 cts vs 15 cts prior
    Pay May 29
    Record March 31
                                                    
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7774>
Shr loss six cts vs loss 88 cts
    Net loss 128,141 vs loss 1,298,377
    Sales 1,332,218 vs 385,146
    Year
    Shr profit six cts vs loss 1.47 dlrs
    Net profit 120,571 vs loss 2,171,011
    Sales 4,617,034 vs 2,959,141
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7776>
Qtly div 30 cts vs 30 cts prior qtr
    Pay 15 April
    Record 1 April
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7782>
Qtly div four cts vs four cts prior
    Pay April 15
    Record March 31
.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7790>
Unit loss 4.36 dlrs vs loss 4.27 dlrs
    Net loss 37.4 mln vs 32.9 mln
    Revs 19.3 mln vs 30.3 mln
    Avg units 8,413,000 vs 7,557,000
    Note: Net includes writedown of oil and gas properties of
21.0 ln dlrs vs 16.5 mln dlrs and writedown of geothermal
property of 10.4 mln dlrs vs 10.5 mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7797>
Nestle SA &lt;NESZ.Z> said it
would seek shareholder approval to issue participation
certificates up to 20 pct of share capital, instead of the
current limit of 10 pct.
    It said it wanted this authorisation in view of future
certificate issues. Nestle's nominal capital amounts to 330 mln
Swiss francs.
    Nestle reported net profits of 1.79 billion francs for
1986, up 2.2 pct from 1985, while turnover fell 9.9 pct to
38.05 billion as the Swiss franc strengthened against other
currencies.
    The parent company's net profit rose to 666.6 mln francs
from 592.9 mln in 1985, and the company planned an unchanged
dividend of 145 francs per share and 29 francs per certificate
after placing 170 mln francs in reserves, against 95 mln last
year.
    The payout represented 27.6 pct of group net profit,
against 28.2 pct last year.
    Nestle said it had also invited Fritz Leutwiler, former
president of the Swiss National Bank and currently chairman of
BBC AG Brown Boveri und Cie &lt;BBCZ.Z>, to join the Nestle board.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7821>
Qtr ended Feb 28
    Shr 1.03 dlrs vs 1.34 dlrs
    Net 4,385,000 vs 5,792,000
    Revs 474.4 mln vs 381.4 mln
    Six mths
    Shr 2.46 dlrs vs 2.71 dlrs
    Net 10.5 mln vs 11.7 mln
    Revs 906.0 mln vs 757.6 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7826>
Shr 52 cts vs 51 cts
    Net 16.5 mln vs 16.2 mln
    Revs 870.2 mln vs 800.7 mln
    Year
    Shr 1.48 dlrs vs 1.29 dlrs
    Net 47.3 mln vs 41.0 mln
    Revs 3.53 billion vs 3.10 billion
    Avg shrs 31,867,658 vs 31,831,050
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7830>
Qtr ended Jan 31
    Shr 67 cts vs 69 cts
    Net 1,525,000 vs 1,570,000
    Revs 41.2 mln vs 40.2 mln
    Year
    Shr 1.75 dlrs vs 1.54 dlrs
    Net 4,001,000 vs 3,522,000
    Revs 172.3 mln vs 168.7 mln
    Note: figures include losses from discontinued operations
in qtr of 309,000 dlrs, vs 253,000 dlrs a year earlier and for
the year of 309,000 dlrs vs 1,559,000 dlrs a year ago.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7835>
Qtly div 10 cts vs 10 cts prior
    Pay April 15
    Record March 30
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7836>
ended February
    Shr 69 cts vs 66 cts
    Net 37.7 mln vs 34.9 mln
    Revs 255.8 mln vs 288.8 mln
    Avg shrs 54.7 mln vs 53.2 mln
    12 mths ended Feb
    Shr 3.23 dlrs vs 3.17 dlrs
    Net 174.8 mln vs 166.3 mln
    Revs 1.4 billion vs 1.5 billion
    Avg shrs 54.1 mln vs 52.4 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7837>
Qtly div three cts vs three cts prior
    Pay May 1
    Record March 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7838>
Shr loss 1.44 dlrs vs profit 1.79 dlrs
    Net loss 197.5 mln dlrs vs profit 241.4 mln
    Revs 797.3 mln vs 906.7 mln
    12 mths
    Shr loss 3.42 dlrs vs profit 45 cts
    Net loss 462.8 mln vs profit 51.8 mln
    Revs 3.04 billion vs 3.48 billion
    Note: Net includes special charges of 65 mln dlrs vs
special gain of 341 mln dlrs for the qtr and year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7840>
Cash distribution 4.2621 cts vs 3.2384 cts prior
    Pay April 14
    Record March 31
    NOTE: Company's full name is San Juan Basin Royalty Trust.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7841>
Shr 23 cts vs nine cts
    Net 5,700,000 vs 1,920,000
    Revs 35.5 mln vs 19.8 mln
    1st half
    Shr 41 cts vs 17 cts
    Net 10.0 mln vs 3,100,000
    Revs 69.3 mln vs 36.7 mln
    NOTE: Share adjusted for two-for-one stock split approved
in December 1986.
    Net includes tax credits of 2,970,000 dlrs vs 980,000 dlrs
in quarter and 5,210,000 dlrs vs 1,590,000 dlrs in half.
    Backlog 230 mln dlrs vs 147 mln dlrs at start of fiscal
year and 148 mln dlrs at the end of the first quarter.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7843>
Shr 10 cts vs seven cts
    Net 249,143 vs 175,476
    Sales 3,034,010 vs 2,745,288
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7845>
Cash distribution 3.9737 cts vs 3.0577 cts
    Pay April 14
    Record March 31
    NOTE: Trust's full name is Permian Basin Royalty Trust.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7848>
Endotronics Inc, halted at 1-3/4 on
NASDAQ pending release of a news report, on Monday said it was
expecting "substantial losses" for the quarter ending March 31,
1987 and the fiscal year ending Sept 30, 1987.
    The company had cited a dispute over payment by Yamaha Inc,
one of its Japanese distributors, over payment of a promissory
note for 3,686,000 dlrs in overdue accounts.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7850>
Qtly div 50 cts vs 50 cts prior
    Pay April 20
    Record March 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7851>
Qtly div 22 cts vs 22 cts prior
    Pay April 10
    Record March 30
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7861>
Qtly div 17 cts vs 17 cts prior
    Pay May five
    Record April 20
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7864>
Combined International Corp said its
board voted to increase the quarterly dividend  7.1 pct to 60
cts a share from 56 cts payable May 26, record May 12.
    It said directors also approved a two-for-one stock split,
subject to approval by shareholders of a proposed capital stock
amendment at the annual meeting in April. The record and pay
dates would be announced later, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7866>
York Financial Corp, parent company
of York Federal Savings and Loan Association, said its board of
directors declared a five-for-four stock split in the form of a
25 pct stock dividend.
    The company said it will distribute the split on May 5, to
shareholders of record April 20.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7869>
Net profit 305 mln francs vs 258 mln.
    Net dividend 25 francs vs 20 francs.
    Operating loss 696 mln francs vs 1.46 billion.
    Note - The company, which is the French subsidiary of Exxon
Corp. &lt;XON.N>, said its net profit result included the
reintegration of 1.2 billion francs of provisions for exchange
fluctuations.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7870>
Pan Am Corp said its largest division,
the Atlantic, will report a first quarter loss that will be
substantially lower than that reported a year ago.
    In the 1986 1st qtr, Pan Am reported a net loss of 118.4
mln dlrs, which included foreign exchange losses of 19.3 mln.
The company did not say how much the Atlantic division lost.
    Pan Am also said it is encouraged by passenger traffic
results so far this year as well as booking trends.
    In January and February, the airline said total systemwide
revenue passenger miles were up five pct and 11 pct,
respectively, over the same months last year.
    It also said that based on current trends, its largest
division should report vastly improved second-quarter traffic
compared to last year, which resulted in a load factor of 45.7
pct for the second quarter of 1986.
    Pan Am also said its principal subsidiary, Pan American
World Airways, had a 1986 net loss of 469.3 mln dlrs, compared
with a profit of 38.7 mln dlrs in 1985, which included a gain
of 341 mln dlrs for the sale of its Pacific Division. It said
the airline's operating loss for the year was 325.5 mln dlrs
compared with a operating profit of 196.5 mln dlrs in 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7871>
Cook United INc said it expects
to report a loss a loss of 16 mln dlrs, before an extraordinary
credit of 44 mln dlrs resulting from its Chapter 11
reorganization, on sales of 217 mln dlrs for the year ended
January 31, 1987.
    For 1986, Cook reported a loss of 30.8 mln dlrs on sales of
257 mln dlrs for the prior year.
    Cook also said it began preliminary talks with private
investors looking to buy a stock position in order to provide
Cook with additional cash and assist its posture in its
negotation with its banks.
    Cook is negotiating with its bank lenders and private
sources for a borrowing facility to relieve its current working
capital requirements.
    Cook said it believes the reasons for its losses since
OCtober have been identified and are mostly non-recurring.
    Shutting down 12 unprofitable stores since November has   
effectuated cost controls and improved merchandising, it said.
    It anticipates the turnaround will contine and that
profitability with be restored. Cook now operates a total of 29
stores.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7872>
Endotronics Inc said it is the
target of a formal private investigation by the Securities and
Exchange Commission as well as the Federal Bureau of
Investigation.
    The company also said its independent accounts, Peat,
Marwick, Mitchell and Co, served notice that its report on
Endotronics' financial statements as of Sept 30, 1986 and for
the year then ended should no longer be relied upon.
    Endotronics said the notice from its accountants stated 
"we cannot satisfy ourselves as to the true facts of the
situation to a degree necessary to continue to be associated
with such consolidated financial statements."
    Endotronics recently reported that it was reviewing the
need to establish a reserve for all or a portion of
approximately 3,686,000 dlrs in overdue accounts receivable and
to assess the impact, if any, on prior period financial
statements in light of a dispute with one of its Japanese
distributors over payment of the overdue accounts.
    Endotronics said it was providing documentation to the
Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with that
agency's investigation.
    It also said Michael Gruenberg resigned from the company's
board of directors.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7874>
Advanced Institutional Management
Software Inc said it has cut its workforce to 53 from 74 and
closed its Atlanta office to cut expenses and improve
profitability.
    The company said it is also in the process of reducing its
office space in four of its six offices nationwide.
    Advanced also said it has named executive vice president
Steven B. Sheppard chief operating officer.
    The company said president and chief executive officer
Morris Moliver had been chief operating officer as well.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7875>
Sun State Savings and Loan
expects to report an earnings increase this year over 1986,
Chairman Edward Janos told shareholders at the company's annual
meeting.
    In a statement, Janos said core earnings are expected to
average 1.5 mln dlrs per quarter, or six mln dlrs for the year,
while sales of real estate joint ventures will add another five
mln during the year.
    In 1986, Sun State reported earnings of 9,427,000 dlrs, or
2.05 dlrs per share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7876>
American Telephone and Telegraph Co does
not plan to reduce its regular quarterly dividend of 30 cts a
share on its common stock, said James E. Olson, chairman.
    "It has been the intent to set the dividend at a level so
that it could be sustained through the ups and downs of the
business cycle," Olson told a meeting of securities analysts.
    "We see no reason to change that policy," he said.
    Although ATT will maintain its current dividend, Olson said
the company wants to decrease the percentage of earnings paid
in dividends by increasing earnings.
    Industry analysts had speculated that ATT might cut its
common dividend, especially after the company posted a fourth
quarter net loss of 1.17 billion dlrs and earned only five cts
a share for the full year.
    The loss included a one-time restructuring charge of 1.7
billion dlrs.
    Olson said he expects ATT's cash flow to remain strong
despite the poor earnings.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7879>
&lt;Allied-Lyons PLC> sees rising profits
from 51-pct-owned liquor producer Hiram Walker-Gooderham and
Worts in the current fiscal year ending in early March, 1988,
chairman Derrick Holden-Brown said in a speech prepared for
delivery to Toronto analysts.
    "We anticipate that Hiram Walker profits will be well above
those of the plateau years," he said, referring to the four
years up to 1985.
    "In other words, we will have regained the 1985 position
and improved on it," Holden-Brown said.
    Allied-Lyons won control of Hiram Walker-Gooderham last
year in a battle against Gulf Canada Corp, which finally got a
49 pct stake after an out-of-court settlement.
    Hiram Walker Resources Ltd, the previous owner, reported
liquor profits of 282 mln Canadian dlrs in the fiscal year
ending Sept. 30, 1985, 278 mln dlrs in 1984, 267 mln in 1983,
294 mln in 1982 and 280 mln in 1981.
    Holden-Brown said Allied-Lyons' financial results for the
fiscal year just ended March seven would include three months
of Hiram Walker-Gooderham profits, but he did not provide
actual figures.
    He said Hiram Walker-Gooderham's profit improvement in the
current year will come from a previously announced
reorganization put into effect March 1, 1987 and a close
partnership with Allied-Lyons' existing Allied Vintners
division.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7880>
Shr 24 cts vs 20 cts
    Net 11,784,000 vs 8,302,000
    Rev 269.1 mln vs 211.9 mln
    Six months
    Shr 48 cts vs 40 cts
    Net 23,191,000 vs 16,556,000
    Rev 517.5 mln vs 429.3 mln
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7883>
ended January 31
    Oper shr profit 3.98 dlrs vs profit 4.35 dlrs
    Oper net profit 123.6 mln vs profit 108.3 mln
    Revs 1.88 billion vs 1.76 billion
    Year
    Oper shr profit 32 cts vs loss 1.23 dlrs
    Oper net profit 33.0 mln vs loss 9,055,000
    Revs 5.69 billion vs 5.27 billion
    Note: 1986 excludes writeoff of 40.4 mln dlrs, primarily
due to investment in Dome Petroleum Ltd &lt;DMP>.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7884>
Shr 53 cts vs 61 cts
    Net 9,909,000 vs 11,489,000
    Revs 185.9 mln vs 161.5 mln
    Year
    Shr 1.20 dlrs vs 1.37 dlrs
    Net 22,522,000 vs 25,667,000
    Revs 588.5 mln vs 521.7 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7887>
Shr nil vs nil
    Net profit 24,000 vs loss 66,000
    Revs 235,000 vs 93,000
    Six mths
    Shr nil vs nil
    Net profit 40,000 vs loss 153,000
    Revs 394,000 vs 99,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7893>
American Can Co chairman Gerald Tsai
said the company will record higher earnings in the first
quarter and for the full year.
    Addressing analysts, Tsai said "First quarter results have
been extremely encouraging and results for all of 1987 will
show significant improvement over 1986."
    American Can earned 196.3 mln dlrs, or 3.21 dlrs per share,
adjusted for a two-for-one stock split, in 1986.
    In the 1986 first quarter, the company reported net income
of 67.5 mln dlrs, including one-time gains from sale of assets,
or 2.30 dlrs per share, before the stock adjustment.
    In the 1987 first quarter, American Can will record a
one-time gain of 28 cts per share from the sale of shares in
its Musicland Group subsidiary. The gain is slightly higher
than the expected gain the company predicted in February
because additional shares of the unit were sold.
    In response to a question, Tsai said American Can's
investment in Jefferies and Co is "very small".
    "We treat it as just another passive investment," he said.
According to press reports, American Can owns 20 pct of
Jefferies and is its largest single shareholder.
    Yesterday, Boyd Jefferies, chairman and founder of the
brokerage firm bearing his name, resigned from the firm and
said he would plead guilty to two felony charges for breaking
securities laws.
    Responding to another question, Tsai said AIDS-related
claims were a small portion of claims made with American Can's
insurance subsidiaries in 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7894>
Qtly div ten cts vs ten cts
    Pay April 15
    Record April 1
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7901>
General Public Utilities Corp
said the water-clarity problem delaying the removal of fuel
from the damaged Unit Two of the Three Mile Island nuclear
power plant appears to have been resolved.
    The company said the slower than expected removal of the
fuel, which has been primarily due to the water-clarity
problems, is now expected to extend fuel removal into 1988.
    A spokesman said the company had previously expected this
to be completed by the end of 1987 and has not estimated how
far into 1988 the process will extend. It still expects to
complete the entire clean-up by the end of 1988, he added.
    GPU said its auditors, Coopers and Lybrand, again qualified
its opinion of GPU's financial statements, adding the recovery
of TMI-2 decommissioning costs to the unresolved issues leading
to the qualified opinion.
    GPU said its operating subsidiaries will seek to recover
the costs of decommissioning TMI-2 in future rate proceedings.
    As in past years, the qualified opinion continues to list
other uncertainties associated with the accident, which damaged
TMI-2 -- the recovery of cleanup costs and any payments for
damages that might exceed available insurance proceeds.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7902>
Echlin Inc said it expects
further earnings increases for the second half of fiscal 1987
ending in August due to unit sales growth and improved
operations.
    "As expected, market conditions have improved so that
demand for automotive replacement parts is gradually and
steadily expanding," Echlin president Frederick Mancheski said.
    Earlier, Echlin reported first half fiscal 1987, ended Feb
28, earnings of 23.2 mln dlrs, or 48 cts a share, up from 16.6
mln, or 40 cts a share, in the prior year's first half.
    Also, Echlin said it had second quarter net income of 11.8
mln dlrs, or 24 cts per share, compared with net income of 8.3
mln dlrs, or 20 cts a share, in fiscal 1986's second quarter.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7903>
American Telephone and Telegraph Co
chairman James E. Olson said he is very pleased with the
company's efforts so far to cut costs.
    He told a meeting of securities analysts that, although the
company is not yet at point in its cost-cutting drive to
improve profit margins, it is "on the right track."
    Olson said ATT's cash flow was "very strong in the first
two months of the year, better than budgeted."
    While Olson does not know if the company's earnings and
revenues will improve by yearend, he said ATT is "moving in the
proper direction."
    For 1986, ATT's earnings dropped to 139 mln dlrs, or five
cts a share, on revenues of 34.1 billion dlrs, from 1.56
billion dlrs, or 1.37 dlrs a share, on revenues of 34.4 billion
dlrs in 1985.
    During 1986 ATT took 3.2 billion dlrs in charges from
expenses related to reducing its work force by 32,000.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7904>
&lt;Hudson's Bay Co> said a writeoff of
40.4 mln dlrs, or 1.39 dlrs per share, that it took in 1986 was
mainly due to its investment in Dome Petroleum Ltd &lt;DMP>.
     The company reported an operating profit of 33.0 mln dlrs,
or 32 cts per share, for fiscal 1986, compared to an operating
loss of 9,055,000 dlrs, or 1.23 dlrs per share, in the previous
year.
     Hudson's Bay holds about four mln shares of Dome's 10 pct
series one cumulative subordinate convertible preferred shares.
    Last March, Dome suspended payment of dividends on all
preferred shares until June 1, 1987. The shares give the holder
the right to convert to Dome common shares at 3.33 dlrs per
share.
    Dome has the right to force conversion if Dome common
reaches 3.885 dlrs per share. Dome is trading at 1.12 dlrs per
share, down one ct, today on the Toronto Stock Exchange.
    Hudson's Bay also said it had an increase in 1986 in retail
operating profit to 185.3 mln dlrs from 111.4 mln dlrs, but
that was partially offset by an increase of 14.9 mln dlrs in
interest costs and 25.3 mln dlrs in taxes.
     Hudson's Bay also said its Markborough properties
subsidiary had an operating profit of 108.6 mln dlrs, up from
98.8 mln dlrs the year before.
    Profit from non-Markborough real estate was 23.5 mln dlrs
in 1986, down from 27.6 mln dlrs a year ago.
    Operating profit from natural resources was 4.2 mln dlrs,
up 1.2 mln dlrs from the prior year. Pensions costs were
reduced by 34.9 mln dlrs due to an accounting change. Total
debt declined during the year by 251 mln dlrs to 2.28 billion
dlrs and debt to equity ratio improved to 1.8 to one from 2.1
to one.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7913>
Qtly div six cts vs six cts prior
    Pay April 10
    Record March 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7914>
Oper shr loss 22 cts vs loss 20 cts
    Oper net profit 1,013,000 vs profit
    2,219,000
    Sales 77.0 mln vs 74.0 mln
    Avg shrs 5,107,401 vs 5,361,793
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7918>
&lt;Allied-Lyons PLC> will report
substantial growth in the second half of fiscal 1987 ended
March 7, chairman Derrick Holden-Brown said in answer to
reporters' queries.
    "You will certainly see substantial growth in Allied-Lyons
in the second half," Holden-Brown said following a presentation
to Toronto securities analysts.
    Holden-Brown declined to say whether second half growth in
profit before taxes would exceed the 20.7 pct rise reported in
the first half. Allied-Lyons had first half profit of 148.0 mln
stg, up from 122.6 mln stg in the prior year.
    Allied-Lyons will also have a full year extraordinary cost
of slightly more than seven mln stg for defence costs
associated with Elders IXL Ltd's failed take-over bid for the
company, Holden-Brown also said.
    But that cost will be more than offset by an extraordinary
gain of about 60 mln stg on Allied-Lyons' sale of its 24.9 pct
interest in Australian brewers Castlemaine Toohey, he said.
    "So with Australians, you win some and you lose some. But
hopefully you win them all in the end," Holden-Brown said.
    Asked if he thought Allied-Lyons is vulnerable to other
take-over attempts, Holden-Brown replied: "No, I don't."
    "We must never be complacent and we must always be very
watchful, but I think we would be very expensive," he said.
    Holden-Brown said Allied-Lyons' share price to corporate
earnings ratio is now comparable with other leading companies
in the food and beverage industry.
    "That was not the case two years ago. If the Australians had
come a little bit earlier, they might have had more luck, I
think," Holden-Brown said.
    Holden-Brown said Allied-Lyons' move to acquire Hiram
Walker-Gooderham and Worts Ltd in March, 1986 during Elders
take-over bid for the company was "100 pct a growth action."
    "We knew when we did it that it could be misconstrued, and
that people almost inevitably would say (the acquisition was)
defensive, but it never was," Holden-Brown told reporters.
    Asked by securities analysts if Allied-Lyons plans a share
issue in Canada after acquiring a 51 pct interest in Hiram
Walker, Holden-Brown responded: "Plan might be too strong a
word. But I must say I do feel the need for Allied-Lyons to be
better known in Canada."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7922>
Shr 82 cts vs 63 cts
    Net 1,661,000 vs 1,251,000
    Revs 14.8 mln vs 11.6 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7927>
Bally Manufacturing Corp's proposed
public offering of 24 pct of its Health and Tennis Corp unit is
seen as the first step towards the sale of the entire unit,
analysts said.
    "In the longer-term horizon, Bally wants to concentrate on
its gaming businesses," said analyst Dennis Forst of Seidler
Amdec Securities Inc.
    Last week, Bally said it was considering the sale of
another non-casino unit, its Six Flags amusement park unit,
which analysts said could fetch about 300 mln dlrs.
    Bally spokesman Bill Peltier said "the company currently
has no hard plans to the sell any more of the health club
company, but in the long term we'll wait and see how the
offering goes."
    Once Bally's biggest revenue producer, the health club unit
had 1986 operating income of 60 mln dlrs on revenues of 456.2
mln dlrs, 28 pct of Bally's revenues. Analysts estimate the
unit could be sold for for 300-500 mln dlrs.
    Analysts said Bally's decision to offer shares in the unit
could be the first step to selling it.
    "It would seem obvious that an offering would decrease the
health club unit's debt, increase its cash flow and operating
income, making it an attractive buy to a third party," Steven
Eisenberg of Bear Stearns said.
    On Monday, Bally said it filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission for an initial offering of 24 pct, or 5.8
mln shares, of the unit's common stock at 13-15 dlrs a share.
   About half the proceeds, 40 mln dlrs, will be used to reduce
parent Bally Manufacturing's debt which has swelled to 1.6
billion dlrs due to recent hotel acquisitions and the purchase
of shares from Donald Trump who had threatened a hostile
takeover, according to Bally treasurer Paul Johnson.
    Remaining proceeds from the stock offering and from a
separate offering of 50 mln dlrs of 20-year convertible
subordinated debt would be used to repay about 75 mln dlrs of
short term senior bank debt of the health chain unit, a Bally
spokesperson said.
    Analysts said Bally's health club unit's profits have
remained strong, but are skeptical about the industry's long
range prospects.
    "The fitness club industry, over the last 10 years, has
grown tremendously, but the question is whether its a fad or a
permanent part of our lifestyle," said Eisenberg of Bear
Stearns.
    Analysts said fitness clubs will likely flourish if the
public stays at its peak of health consciousness, but that
overcapacity is likely to occur as consumer enthusiasm wanes.
     In addition, "the returns in the fitness club industry are
just not as high as they are in the gaming industry," said one
analyst.
     There are about 6,500 fitness clubs in the U.S., excluding
clubs run by not-for-profit organizations, according to the
Association of Physical Fitness Centers who estimates it to be
an 8.0-billion-dlr-a-year industry.
     Asked if anyone has offered to buy the unit, which is the
nation's largest health club chain, Peltier said, "no one has
the money to offer to buy it."
    "The fitness industry is a fragmented industry with no
leader and there is a great opportunity for growth through
acquisition and then standardization," said Wayne LaChapelle,
chief financial officer of Livingwell INc &lt;WELL>, the nation's
second largest fitness chain operator whih
    LaChapelle said Livingwell is always interested in
acquisition opportunities but "could not afford an acquisition
the size of Bally at this time."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7939>
Navistar International Corp's stock
rose after brokerage house Sanford C. Bernstein and Co raised
its earnings estimate of the company based on expectations of
better truck orders and truck tonnage, traders said.
    Navistar led the active list with a gain of 1/4 to 7-1/4 on
volume of 4.2 mln shares.
    Traders familiar with the opinion said that David
Eisenberg, director of Sanford C. Bernstein and Co's
institutional strategy committee, raised his earnings estimates
to 80 cts a share for the current fiscal year ending in
October. He expects Navistar to earn 1.20 dlrs a share next
year. In 1986, the company lost 14 cts a share.
    Eisenberg was unavailable for comment.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7942>
Qtly div 10 cts vs 10 cts prior
    Pay April 10
    Record March 27
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7948>
Shr 1.55 dlrs vs 70 cts
    Net 3,409,000 vs 1,455,000
    Rev 54.1 mln vs 45.3 mln
    Nine months
    Shr 1.60 dlrs vs 10 cts
    Net 3,517,000 vs 211,000
    Rev 144.4 mln vs 127.0 mln
    NOTE: Qtr net includes extraordinary gain of 1.2 mln dlrs,
versus 155,000 dlrs for fiscal 1986's third quarter, and a
non-recurring pre-tax gain of 720,000 dlrs.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7949>
Kleinwort Benson International
Investment Ltd's subsidiary, Kleinwort Benson Australian Income
Fund, a closed end management investment company, declared its
first quarterly dividend of 36.5 cts payable April 16 to
shareholders of record April 1.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7953>
Oper shr loss 49 cts vs loss 10 cts
    Oper net loss 3,014,000 vs loss 656,000
    Revs 22.7 mln vs 23.6 mln
    12 mths
    Oper shr loss 19 cts vs profit 40 cts
    Oper net loss 1,142,000 vs profit 2,476,000
    Revs 93.3 mln vs 99.0 mln
    NOTE: qtr 1986 and prior qtr excludes loss discontinued
operations 2,441,000 and 4,078,000, respectively.
    Year 1986 and prior excludes loss discontinued operations
3,509,000 and 5,278,000, respectively.
    qtr and year 1986 excludes tax loss 1,557,000 and loss
151,000, respectively.
    qtr and year prior excludes tax gain 833,000 and 3,346,000,
respectively.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7954>
Oper shr 1.21 vs 88 cts
    Oper net 7,767,000 vs 5,494,000
    Revs 163.7 mln vs 133.5 mln
    NOTE: 1986 and 1985 oper net excludes a loss of 1,332,000
dlrs and a profit of 319,000 dlrs, respectively, for
discontinued operations.
    Earnings per shr are restated to reflect 3-for-2 stock
split effective July one, 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7955>
DIst nine cts vs nine cts prior
    Payable May 14
    Record April one
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7956>
Qtly div 5.5 cts vs 5.5 cts prior
    Pay April 27
    Record April one.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7958>
VMS Mortgage Investors LP II said it
raised its first quarter 1987 cash dividend to 21 cts from 20
cts the prior quarter payable May 14, 1987, to shareholders of
record April One, 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7970>
Qtr ends Feb 28
    Shr 53 cts vs N/A
    Net 1,165,000 vs 575,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.54 dlrs vs N/A
    Net 3,363,000 vs 1,535,000
    Assets 375.2 mln vs 320.7 mln
    Deposits 313.8 mln vs 264.2 mln
    Loans 286.3 mln vs 235.9 mln
    NOTE: earnings per share data not presented for 1986 as
Great Country Bank converted from a mutual to a capital stock
savings bank on Jan 14, 1986. Such information is misleading
and inappropriate, the company said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7974>
Marcus Corp said its board
voted a 50 pct stock dividend to be distributed May 1, record
April 15.
    It said the dividend applies equally to holders of its
common stock and Class B common.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7975>
VMS Mortgage Investors L.P. II said it
declared a first-quarter 1987 cash distribution of 21 cts a
depositary unit, up five pct from the prior quarter.
    It said the distribution will be payable May 14, record
January 1.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7979>
Emerald Homes L.P. said its
general partners declared an initial 30-ct per unit
distribution payable May 15 to unitholders of record March 31.
    Emerald made its initial public offering February 6.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7987>
Shr 1.86 dlrs vs 1.85 dlrs
    Net 1,923,304 vs 1,897,998
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7990>
Qtly div 25 cts vs 25 cts previously
    Pay April 17
    Record March 30
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7994>
Period ended Feb 28
    Shr 4.66 dlrs vs 4.40 dlrs
    Net 1,048,884,000 vs 959,626,000
    Revs 5.43 billion vs 5.04 billion
    Avg shrs 200,242,000 vs 191,840,000
    NOTE: Per-share earnings reflect payment of preferred
dividend requirements
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8000>
Niagara Mohawk Corp said it is
"cautiously optimistic" about results improvements for 1987 and
said it is studying measures to cut operating costs.
    These measures include freezing management salaries,
abolishing vacant positions and reducing overtime.
    A spokesman said the company had no current plans to lay
off workers. The company declined to say how much the cost
savings would amount to.
    A five year forecast is expected to be issued in early
summer, a spokesperson said.
    The company said it has redeemed about 273 mln dlrs in high
cost debt during 1986 and hopes to redeem more debt this year.
    For 1986, Niagara Mohawk's earnings per share fell to 2.71
dlrs from 2.88 dlrs in 1985..
    The company said earnings reduced primarily as a result of
a reduction early in 1986 in earnings return on equity allowed
by the N.Y. State Public Service COmmission.
    Niagara said it is concerned about the continued lowering
of authorized return and has reinforced petitions to grant a 
fair return on equity.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8001>
Shr 43 cts vs 37 cts
    Net 2,276,000 vs 1,674,000
    Revs 32.6 mln vs 24.4 mln
    Year
    Shr 90 cts vs 69 cts
    Net 4,508,000 vs 3,096,000
    Revs 101.0 mln vs 76.9 mln
    Avg shrs 5,029,000 vs 4,464,000
    NOTE: 1986 fiscal year ended Feb 1, 1986
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8005>
Shr 24 cts vs 26 cts
    Net 1.5 mln vs 1.3 mln
    Revs 40.5 mln vs 33.5 mln
    Year
    Shr 80 cts vs 82 cts
    Net 4.9 mln vs 4.1 mln
    Revs 143.0 mln vs 121.1 mln
    Avg shrs 6.1 mln vs 5.0 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8007>
VMS Mortgage L.P. said it declared a
regular monthly cash distribution of nine cts a depositary unit
for the month of March, payable May 14, record April One.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8012>
Falcon Cable Systems Co said
its set an initial quarterly cash distribution of 53.75 cts per
unit, payable May 15 to unitholders of record March 31.
    The partnership made its initial public offering in
December, 1986.
    Falcon said it expects to pay cash distributions to limited
partners at an annual rate of 2.15 dlrs per unit, through
December 31, 1989.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8016>
Mthly div 15 cts vs 15 cts
    Pay April 15
    Record April 1
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8017>
Oper shr loss 12 cts vs profit four cts
    Oper loss 1,069,000 vs profit 339,000
    Revs 12.8 mln vs 10.9 mln
    Note: 1986 shr and net exclude extraordinary gain of
382,000 dlrs or four cts share. 1985 shr and net exclude
extraordinary gain of 183,000 dlrs or two cts share
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8022>
Long Island Lighting Co said
it revised its preliminary 1986 net income to include a 16 mln
dlrs after tax provision for its investment in the Jamesport
Nuclear units.
    Due to the provision, it said its revised 1986 net income
was 316.7 mln dlrs or 2.13 dlrs per share after deducting for
preferred stock dividend requirements, which were not paid in
either 1986 or 1985.
    It had earlier reported 1986 income of 332.7 mln dlrs or
2.28 dlrs per share.
    LILCO also said its board authorized contracts for its 
corporate officers calling for payment of one year's salary,
and continuation of insurance and retirement benefits if the
company changes hands and these officers lose their jobs.
    LILCO said none of these contracts will result in
additional costs to its customers.
    Lilco said the downward revision in its 1986 earnings is a
reserve established to reflect a settlement agreement with the
staff of New York State's Public Service Commission respecting
the utility's spending on a nuclear power station planned for,
but never built at, Jamestown, N.Y.
    The company declined to detail the settlement, explaining
the settlement has not been approved by the commission. Lilco
was seeking to include costs totaling 118 mln dlrs for the
abandoned nuclear power plant project in its rate base, a
spokeswoman said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8026>
Shr loss 40 cts vs loss 29 cts
    Net loss 1.5 mln vs loss 1.1 mln
    Revs 28.9 mln vs 28.5 mln
    Six months
    Shr loss 99 cts vs loss 69 cts
    Net loss 3.7 mln vs loss 2.6 mln
    Revs 52.5 mln vs 51.7 mln
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8027>
Oper shr loss five cts vs loss six cts
    Oper net loss 157,688 vs loss 96,573
    Revs 1,094,331 vs 1,378,973
    Avg shrs 3,315,654 vs 1,661,023
    Six mths
    Oper shr loss seven cts vs loss 24 cts
    Oper net loss 198,555 vs loss 394,589
    Net 2,243,377 vs 2,440,850
    Avg shrs 2,796,848 vs 1,637,592
    NOTE: Current year 2nd qtr and six mths excludes a loss
10,767 dlrs for discontinued operations.
    Prior year 2nd qtr and six mths excludes a loss of 54,686
dlrs and 112,565 dlrs for discontinued operations.
    Full name of company is Marcom Telecommunications Inc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8028>
Qlty div 25 cts vs 25 cts prior
    Payable April 22
    Record April 10
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8030>
Oper shr loss 11 cts vs profit 33 cts
    Oper net loss 132,000 vs profit 408,000
    Revs 25.2 mln vs 23.0 mln
    NOTE: 1986 and 1985 oper net excludes a loss of 636,000
dlrs or 52 cts per share and a loss of 994,000 dlrs or 80 cts
per share for discontinued operations.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8032>
Shr loss 19.22 dlrs vs loss 3.90 dlrs
    Net loss 276.4 mln vs loss 45.6 mln
    Revs 85.4 mln vs 113.3 mln
    NOTE: Shr results after deducting preferred share dividends
of 13.1 mln dlrs in both periods.
    Current loss includes a 125 mln dlr writedown of oil and
gas properties, a 67 mln dlr writeoff of deferred charges, a
22.5 mln dlr loss on disposal of U.K. properties, a 21.2 mln
dlr equity loss from affiliate Sulbath Exploration ltd and a
4.6 mln dlr loss on other investments.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8036>
Shr loss 1.12 dlrs vs profit one cts
    Net loss 1.7 mln vs profit 8,000 dlrs
    Revs 31.8 mln vs 42.1 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 51 cts vs profit 57 cts
    NEt loss 780,000 vs profit 876,000
    Revs 117.8 mln vs 117.3 mln
    NOTE:1986 4th qtr includes loss of 911,000 for termination
of licensing agreement and loss of 319,000 dlr for termination
of womens wear operation.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8039>
&lt;Sulpetro Ltd> said its 1986
fiscal year net loss of 276.4 mln dlrs, or 19.22 dlrs per
share, was due to several factors, the largest of which was a
writedown of 125.0 mln dlrs of oil and gas properties.
    Sulpetro also recorded a writeoff of deferred charges
amounting to 67.0 mln dlrs, a loss of 22.5 mln dlrs on the
disposal of all properties in the United Kingdom and an equity
loss of 21.2 mln dlrs from affiliate Sulbath Exploration Ltd.
    There was also a loss on other investments of 4.6 mln dlrs
and a loss on operations of 36.1 mln dlrs after interest,
depletion, depreciation and income tax recoveries.
    In the fiscal year ended October 31, 1985, Sulpetro had a
net loss of 45.6 mln dlrs, or 3.90 dlrs per share.
    The company also said its non-recourse project financing
for the Irish-Lindergh heavy oil field remains in default due
to continuing low oil prices.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8045>
Multi-Media Barter Ltd said it expects
to report a net loss of 820,000 dlrs or 17 cts a share for the
year ended December 31, compared to a loss of 553,000 or 11 cts
a share in the prior year.
    The fourth quarter resulted in a net loss of 227,000 or
four cts compared to a loss of 330,000 or six cts a shares last
year.
    It said it is currently in the process of restructuring by
reducing expenses and streamlining operations and has cut
expenses from 50,000 dlrs to less than 15,000 dlrs a month.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8047>
Shr loss nine cts vs profit nine cts
    Net loss 478,000 vs profit 371,000
    Revs 3.4 mln vs 2.6 mln
    Six months
    Net loss 466,000 vs profit 685,000
    Revs 6.2 mln vs 5.0 mln
    NOTE:1987 net loss includes writeoff of deferred start up
costs totaling 490,000 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8048>
Shr 26 cts vs 38 cts
    Net 44.0 mln vs 65.0 mln
    NOTE:1986 net includes one mln dlr extraordinary gain and
1985 net icludes four mln dlrs extraordinary loss.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8050>
Minorco said it expects net
earnings to be substantially stronger than the 44.0 mln dlrs
reported for the first half.
    In reporting that first half results declined from 65.0 mln
dlrs, Minorco said the contributions from its 50 pct investment
in December 1985 in Adobe Resources Corp was negative as a
result of low oil and gas prices.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8051>
Minorco said it expects net
earnings to be substantially stronger than the 44.0 mln dlrs
reported for the first half.
    In reporting that first half results declined from 65.0 mln
dlrs, Minorco said the contributions from its 50 pct investment
in December 1985 in Adobe Resources Corp was negative as a
result of low oil and gas prices.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8056>
Shr loss 13 cts vs loss six cts
    Net loss 1.4 mln vs loss 635,000
    Revs 40.3 mln vs 28.5 mln
    Year
    Shr profit 40 cts vs profit 26 cts
    Net profit 4.2 mln vs 2.6 mln
    Revs 166.4 mln vs 94.6 mln
    NOTE:1986 4th qtr and year net reflects dividend
requirements of 1.5 mln dlrs and 3.3 mln dlrs, and charges of
257,000 dlrs and 4.6 mln dlrs respectively which is not
accruable or payable because of pre-reorganization tax loss
carryforwards.
    1985 4th qtr and year net reflects dividend requirement of
1.1 mln dlrs and 2.3 mln dlrs, respectively, and charges of
472,000 dlrs and 2.9 mln dlrs respectively which is not
accruable or payable because of pre-organization tax loss
carryforwards.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8087>
Provisional net profit 55 billion lire vs 48 billion
    Turnover 3,750 billion vs 3,369 billion.
    NOTE -  Official results for Alitalia, Italy's national
airline which is controlled by the state industrial holding
company (Istituto per la Ricostruzione Industriale -IRI), are
expected to be announced at an annual shareholders meeting in
April.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8094>
Italy's national airline, Alitalia Spa
&lt;AZPI.MI>, reporting a 14.6 pct rise in provisional 1986 net
profit, said it carried seven pct more passengers on domestic
routes last year, but 11.5 pct fewer passengers on flights from
North America and Canada.
    Alitalia said the drop in North American traffic had been
due to a general fall in the numbers of American tourists
visiting Europe caused by fears of terrorism.
    The airline reported provisional net profit rose to 55
billion lire from 48 billion in 1985.
    A spokesman said Alitalia was hoping for an increase in
traffic with the U.S. In 1987.
    It planned to increase the number of flights from Italy to
New York to 19 per week, to reinstate flights to Boston and to
re-open the direct Rome-Milan-Los Angeles service.
    The spokesman announced that from March 29, Alitalia would
be starting a new weekly service to Shanghai.
    For its summer 1987 programme, it would be adding 127 extra
flights to European destinations -- an increase of 27 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8096>
The Jordan branch of Iraq's Rafidain Bank
said it will raise paid-up capital to comply with the country's
minimum requirement of five mln dinars by drawing on profits
from its operations in the country.
    Jordan's government asked banks in early 1985 to comply
with the new capital requirement -- raised from three mln
dinars -- by the start of 1986.
    Rafidain's Area Manager Adnan Abdul Karim al-Azzawi told
Reuters the branch had now registered its capital at the higher
level but did not say how long it would take to pay it in. The
bank's 1986 balance shows paid-up capital of 3.1 mln dinars.
    Banks in Jordan have generally complied with the higher
capital requirement except Chase Manhattan which decided
instead to close its operation, banking sources said.
    Local banks floated shares to raise extra capital, while
the branches of foreign banks brought in additional cash.
    Banking sources said it appeared that Jordan had made an
exception in Rafidain's case, allowing it longer to comply.
They said the gesture refelcted close political ties between
Jordan and Iraq as well as Baghdad's financial difficulties.
    The Jordan branch saw pre-tax profit rise 80 pct in 1986 to
550,332 dinars on assets of 12.6 mln dinars.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8125>
Shr 4.16 cents vs 28.80
    Final Div nil vs 10.5 cents making six for year vs 16.5
    Pre-tax profit 2.68 mln dlrs vs 107.71 mln
    Net 9.27 mln vs 63.20 mln
    Turnover 5.47 billion vs 4.83 billion
    Other income 65.33 mln vs 51.68 mln
    Shrs 222.94 mln vs 219.54 mln.
    NOTE - Net is after tax credit 6.6 mln vs tax paid 43.39
mln, depreciation 41.18 mln vs 34.10 mln, interest 42.42 mln vs
36.23 mln and minorities 11,000 vs 1.12 mln but before
extraordinary net profit 24.98 mln vs loss 51.71 mln
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8155>
Shr 27.89p vs 24.24p
    Div 9.0p vs 7.75p making 13.75p vs 12.0p
    Turnover 1.26 billion stg vs 1.19 billion
    Pretax profit 54.6 mln vs 46.5 mln
    Tax 16.5 mln vs 13.5 mln
    Interest paid 2.2 mln vs 2.4 mln
    Minority interests 2.3 mln debit vs same
    Extraordinary items 42.3 mln profit vs 5.4 mln loss
    Pretax profit includes -
    Agribusiness 28.3 mln vs 22.5 mln
    Health products 6.5 mln vs 5.4 mln
    Wholesale food distribution 8.3 mln vs 7.3 mln
    Retail food distribution 4.2 mln vs 5.9 mln
    U.K. 28.7 mln vs 27.2 mln
    U.S. 21.1 mln vs 16.1 mln
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8162>
Woolworths Ltd &lt;WLWA.S> said policy,
management and financial changes initiated during the 1986/87
business year should cause profits to reach more acceptable
levels in 1987/88 end-February 1.
    Net profit reported earlier fell 85.3 pct in the year ended
February 1.
    Results for the first month of the new year were
encouraging after a period of uncertain consumer confidence and
difficult trading conditions, it said in a statement.
    The Big W discount store division and New South Wales
supermarkets produced very disappointing results, it added.
    Woolworths earlier reported a fall in net profit to 9.27
mln from 63.20 mln on sales of 5.47 billion against 4.83
billion. Capital spending for the year was 119 mln dlrs against
105 mln for the previous year with 50 new stores opened, but
total sales were below target, Woolworths said.
    The company provided 20 mln dlrs against operating profit
for the year to cover mark-downs on stock.
    Extraordinary items included a 53 mln dlr profit on the
sale of properties and investments less a 28 mln provision for
reorganising the Big W chain.
    Woolworths is unrelated to the U.S. Group F.W. Woolworth
&lt;Z.N>. It has been the subject of takeover speculation since
&lt;Industrial Equity Ltd> acquired a 20 pct stake last year.
    New Zealand's diversified investment group &lt;Rainbow Corp
Ltd> bought Safeway Stores Inc's &lt;SA> 20 pct holding in
Woolworths for 190 mln dlrs late last year.
    Safeway put its stake up for tender just in time to take
advantage of changes in U.S. Tax laws effective from the end of
December, informed sources said.
    Woolworths shares closed on Australian stock exchanges
today at 3.50 dlrs, down five cents from Friday.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8163>
Booker Plc &lt;BOKL.L> said 1987 had
started well and the group had the resources to invest in its
growth business both organically and by acquisition.
    It was commenting on figures for 1986 which showed pretax
profits rising to 54.6 mln from 46.5 mln previously. Profits
from the U.S. Accounted for 39 pct of the total. The results
were broadly in line with analysts' forecasts and the company's
shares firmed in morning trading to 421p from 413p at Friday's
close.
    The group ended the year with a cash surplus higher at 54
mln stg, compared to 26 mln previously, after capital
expenditure which rose to 54 mln from 43 mln.
    In a statement, the company said the U.K. Agribusiness
group reported excellent profits growth while health products
profits rose to 6.5 mln from 5.4 mln.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8177>
A Dresdner Bank AG &lt;DRSD.F> spokesman
said the bank had no comment on newspaper reports that
shareholders would be offered free subscription shares.
    Dresdner shares surged to open 10.50 marks higher at
319.50, before climbing further. Other bank stocks also rose
strongly and dealers cited speculation already in the market
that Deutsche Bank AG &lt;DBKG.F> would make a similar move. Such
"scrip" issues, if they occurred, would mark the first time
German banks had ever issued free shares.
    The varying reports said Dresdner shareholders may be
offered one free share for every 15, 18 or 20 already held.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8219>
March 31, 1986 end
    Shr loss seven cts vs loss 11 cts
    Net loss 76,888 vs profit 106,885
    Revs 752,234 vs 922,036
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8221>
Jamesway Corp said its board
declared a two for one stock split and increased the quarterly
cash dividend by 33 pct.
    The company said the dividend on the pre-split shares was
increased to four cts from three cts.
    It said both the split and the dividend are payable May 23
to holders of record April 20, adding the company will have
about 13,860,000 shares outstanding after the split.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8226>
Shr 44 cts vs 54 cts
    Net 42.9 mln vs 53.7 mln
    Revs 983.3 mln vs 858.8 mln
    Six mths
    Shr 85 cts vs 1.11 dlrs
    Net 83.1 mln vs 109.8 mln
    Revs 1.91 billion vs 1.66 billion
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8227>
Winchell's Donut Houses LP
said it has declared an initial quarterly dividend of 45 cts
per unit on Class A and Class B limited partnership units,
payable May 29 to holders of record March 31.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8229>
Oper shr profit nil vs loss nil
    Oper net profit 671,000 vs loss 138,000
    Sales 104.3 mln vs 70.8 mln
    Avg shrs 101.2 mln vs 66.8 mln
    Year
    Oper shr profit six cts vs profit five cts
    Oper net profit 6,309,000 vs profit
    5,144,000
    Sales 349.8 mln vs 303.4 mln
    Avg shrs 85.0 mln vs 76.3 mln
    NOTE: Net excludes discontinued operations nil vs gain
196,000 dlrs in quarter and loss 293,000 dlrs vs gain 407,000
dlrs in year.
    Net excludes tax loss carryforward 1,423,000 dlrs vs
reversal of tax credit 625,000 dlrs in quarter and credits
5,437,000 dlrs vs 7,261,000 dlrs in year.
    Results include U.S. Press Inc from November Three
acquisition.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8236>
Shr 37 cts vs 32 cts
    Net 3,892,000 vs 2,906,000
    Sales 71.8 mln vs 64.5 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 1.08 dlrs vs 91 cts
    Net 10,946,000 vs 8,206,000
    Sales 214.1 mln vs 179.4 mln
    Avg Shrs 10.5 mln vs 9.1 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8254>
Shr 66 cts vs 55 cts
    Net 2,422,000 vs 1,906,000
    Revs 59.3 mln vs 47.4 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8258>
American Motors Corp said its auditors
qualified the company's 1986 financial report.
    The report was qualified due to uncertainties surrounding
the previously announced arbitration award against American
Motors' former subsidiary, AM General Corp. The award is being
contested.
    The report was filed today with the Securities and Exchange
Commission along with a copy of Chrysler Corp's &lt;C> proposal to
take over American Motors.
    American Motors said earlier than an arbitration award,
made to Emerson Electric Co &lt;EMR> in February, amounted to 60
mln dlrs plus legal expenses. American Motors has challenged
the award.
    The automaker sold the AM General unit to LTV Corp &lt;QLTV>
in 1983, the same year it was awarded a five-year, 1.2 billion
dlr procurement contract with the military. LTV and AM General
last year sought protection under Chapter 11.
    The arbitration proceeding was called after Emerson
Electric charged AM General violated an agreement covering the
development of certain components in the contract.
    The components were for the military's "High Mobility
Multi-Purpose Wheeled Vehicle" (HMMWV), American Motors said.
    In selling AM General to LTV, American Motors agreed to
indemnify LTV against losses incurred by LTV resulting from the
Emerson Electric claims.
    AMC also said the award has not been confirmed by a court,
and faces additional legal challenges. It said that, because of
the LTV and Am General reorganizations, the final amount of a
confirmed award and the amount of any loss to LTV is uncertain.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8262>
Oper shr 50 cts vs 52 cts
    Oper net 19.2 mln vs 18.8 mln
    Sales 1.43 billion vs 1.30 billion
    Avg shrs 38.6 mln vs 36.0 mln
    Year
    Oper shr 1.65 dlrs vs 1.73 dlrs
    Oper net 62.7 mln vs 61.8 mln
    Sales 5.51 billion vs 4.96 billion
    Avg shrs 38.1 mln vs 35.8 mln
    NOTES: Sales are from continuing operations
    Operating net excludes results from discontinued operations
of nil vs profit 2,815,000 dlrs, or eight cts a share, in
quarter and loss 308,000 dlrs, or one cent a share, vs profit
1,880,000 dlrs, or five cts a share, in year
    Latest year operating net also excludes loss of 1,536,000
dlrs, or four cts a share, on disposal of discontinued
department store segment
    Share data adjusted to reflect two-for-one stock split paid
to holders of record August 1, 1986
    Operating net includes pre-tax LIFO credit 700,000 dlrs vs
credit 2.0 mln dlrs in quarter and charge 2.8 mln dlrs vs
charge 4.9 mln dlrs in year
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8269>
Qtly div 10 cts vs 10 cts prior
    Pay April 30
    Record April 15
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8270>
Shr 38 cts vs 30 cts
    Net 3,649,000 vs 2,789,000
    Sales 137.4 mln vs 119.2 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8275>
Shr profit seven cts vs loss 16 cts
    Net profit 2,144,000 vs loss 4,110,000
    Sales 121.3 mln vs 20.3 mln
    Avg shrs 29.4 mln vs 25.3 mln
    NOTE: Current year net includes pretax gain on sale of
product line of 11.4 mln dlrs and charge 4,711,000 dlrs posttax
on expensing of a portion of unamorized debt issuance costs of
unit.
    Current year results include Technicon Corp, acquired in
August 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8276>
Citizens Growth Properties said
it ommitted its regular quartelry dividend as a result of
decreased earnings, principally attributable to the default by
a borrower of the trust's laargest mortgage loan.
    The trust last paid 12 cts on January 28.
    The trust said it also reaffirmed a limited share
repurchase program subject to available cash flow in light of
the defaulted mortgage.               
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8286>
Shr profit 0.2 cts vs loss 2.2 cts
    Net profit 2,900 vs loss 43,500
    Sales 1,660,000 vs 950,000
    Year
    Shr loss 30 cts vs loss 37 cts
    Net loss 578,900 vs 713,300
    Sales 5,112,100 vs 3,659,600
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8289>
Shr loss 15.23 dlrs vs profit 12 cts
    Net loss 124,634,000 vs profit 882,000
    Revs 38.4 mln vs 41.0 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 15.46 dlrs vs profit 48 cts
    Net loss 126,434,000 vs profit 3,555,000
    Revs 187.0 mln vs 133.2 mln
    Avg shrs 8,177,000 vs 7,450,000
    Note: Current year results include charges related to
closing or divestitures of facilities and other assets.
    Full name Westworld Community Healthcare Inc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8291>
Shr loss seven cts vs loss 64 cts
    Net loss 367,000 vs 3,009,000
    Revs 2,516,000 vs 8,787,000
    Avg shrs 4,941,000 vs 4,714,000
    Nine mths
    Shr loss 73 cts vs loss 1.17 dlrs
    Net loss 3,545,000 vs loss 4,573,000
    Revs 6,788,000 vs 13.3 mln
    Avg shrs 4,856,000 vs 3,908,000
    NOTE: Prior year net includes tax credits of 63,000 dlrs in
quarter and 1,395,000 dlrs in nine mths.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8292>
Shr 13 cts vs 10 cts
    Net 1,109,000 vs 875,000
    Revs 16.6 mln vs 13.2 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 44 cts vs 33 cts
    Net 3,770,000 vs 2,851,000
    Revs 46.9 mln vs 36.9 mln
    NOTE: Share adjusted for three-for-two stock split in June
1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8294>
Shr 4.87 dlrs vs 2.21 dlrs
    Net 14.6 mln vs 6,639,540
    NOTE: 1986 net includes gain 2,578,887 dlrs from chjange in
accounting for pension plans and investment gaions of over
three mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8296>
Shr profit six cts vs loss nine cts
    Net profit 101,000 vs loss 142,000
    Sales 12.6 mln vs 8,736,000
    Year
    Shr profit 1.34 dlrs vs profit 1.02 dlrs
    Net profit 2,122,000 vs profit 1,611,000
    Sales 52.3 mln vs 41.9 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8297>
Shr loss 24 cts vs loss 41 cts
    Net loss 148,070 vs loss 251,225
    Sales 1,298,257 vs 319,588
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8300>
Oper shr profit one ct vs loss six cts
    Oper net profit 148,628 vs loss 249,192
    Revs 3,772,639 vs 1,101,633
    Avg shrs 5,235,233 vs 4,371,795
    Year
    Oper shr loss 10 cts vs loss 19 cts
    Oper net profit 5,760 vs loss 788,042
    Revs 9,899,038 vs 3,819,678
    Avg shrs 4,837,361 vs 4,163,006
    NOTE: Share after poreferred dividends.
    Current year net both periods excludes 15,000 dlr tax loss
carryforward.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8311>
Tonka Corp said it expects
results for its fiscal first quarter to end April four, to
decline from the record earnings of 3.8 mln dlrs or 57 cts a
share and revenues of 53.2 mln dlrs.
    The toy manufacturer attributed its anticipated lower
financial results to an an expected moderate decline in
shipments of its Pound Puppies product line.
    Tonka also said it expects revenues and earnings to remain
lower through the 1987 first half compared with 1986 record
results of 125.4 mln dlrs in revenues and 10.3 mln dlrs in net
earnings or 1.47 dlrs a share.
    The company said its level of shipments is good despite a
conservative buying pattern on the part of retailers industry
wide. Tonka's first quarter shipments will be down somewhat
from 1986 record levels and gross profit margins will be down
slightly from a year ago, it said.
    Second half sales are expected to be stronger based on a
return to a more traditional seasonal shipping pattern in which
retailers order and stock conservatively early in the year and
time large shipments for the second half, it said.
    Tonka said that while the pace of order writing is trailing
last year's, bookings are "very good" for orders on several of
its new product introductions for 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8313>
Shr 1.34 dlrs vs 1.09 dlrs
    Net 15.4 mln vs 12.6 mln
    Sales 323.6 mln vs 240.2 mln
    Avg shrs 11.5 mln vs 11.5 mln
    Year
    Shr 95 cts vs 91 cts
    Net 10.9 mln vs 9,368,000
    Sales 628.8 mln vs 513.1 mln
    Avg shrs 11.5 mln vs 10.3 mln
    NOTE: Latest year net cut on mln dlrs by investment tax
credit loss.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8314>
Bayerische Vereinsbank AG &lt;BVMG.F>
expects to pay an unchanged dividend of 13 marks on 1987
earnings but profits will only barely reach last year's record
levels, management board spokesman Maximilian Hackl said.
    He told the annual news conference that possible credit
risks, especially those associated with foreign nations, had
largely been covered. Risk provisions in 1987 were therefore
unlikely to reach the same high level as in 1986.
    Group bank net profit rose to 275.52 mln marks in 1986 from
222.73 mln the previous year and parent bank net profit
increased to 187.63 mln marks from 161.58 mln.
    Hackl said that interest margins in the banking business
had declined to 2.71 pct last year from 2.78 pct the previous
year. But in the mortgage sector, the margins had increased
slightly and stood around 0.7 pct.
    Parent bank commission surplus in the securities business
had risen almost 15 pct to 358 mln marks in 1986.
    Expenses for personnel had increased 7.5 pct to 782 mln
marks and others costs had increased 9.4 pct to 272 mln marks.
    The parent bank's 1986 partial operating profit, which
excludes earnings from trading on its own account, had climbed
two pct to 671 mln marks.
    The parent bank's balance sheet total rose 5.3 pct to 81.5
billion marks at end-1986 compared with end-1985, Hackl said.
    It was boosted by a three billion mark rise in mortgage
business and a 1.1 billion mark increase in banking business.
    The mortgage sector's share in total parent bank business
volume rose to 46 pct from 45.
    Hackl said that in January and February this year, the
bank's credit business had not livened up. But despite the
sharp downturn on German bourses, profits from trading on own
account had increased in the first two 1987 months compared
with the same year-ago period. He gave no detailed figures.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8317>
Shr nil vs loss two cts
    Net profit 2,900 vs loss 43,500
    Revs 1,660,300 vs 950,000
    12 mths
    Shr loss 30 cts vs loss 37 cts
    Net loss 578,900 vs loss 713,300
    Revs 5,112,100 vs 3,659,600
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8318>
Shr 30 cts vs 12 cts
    Net 727,000 vs 266,000
    Revs 27.8 mln vs 21.1 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 59 cts vs 48 cts
    Net 1,355,000 vs 1,098,000
    Revs 69.4 mln vs 59.1 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8320>
Public Service Co of North
Carolina Inc said its board raised the quarterly dividend to 23
cts per share from 22-1/2 cts previously, as adjusted for a
two-for-one stock split that takes effect April 27.
    The dividend is payable July One to holders of record June
16.
    The company also said it plans to file soon for an offering
of  up to one mln new shares, which would give it a total of
about 8,850,000 post-split shares.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8322>
Wickes Cos Inc said its
board authorized a one-for-five reverse stock split and plans
to call the company's its 12 pct senior subordianted debentures
due 1994.
    The company said it will seek shareholder approval of the
reverse stock split at the annual shareholders meeting
scheduled for June 18.
    At January 31 Wickes had 239 mln shares outstanding, the
company also said.
    Wickes also said it will call the debentures on Dec 1,
1987, assuming market conditions remain essentially the same.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8334>
Moto Photo Inc  president, Michael
Adler, said he expects the company's first quarter earnings for
fiscal 1987 to be better than the same quarter a year ago.
    Adler said, however, that the quarter would still be a
loss, primarily because it is the low season for the imaging
business.
    Photo Moto recored a net loss for the first quarter 1986
ending March 31 of 328,889 dlrs.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8335>
Qtr ends Dec 31
    Shr loss one ct vs profit two cts
    Net loss 52,922 vs profit 220,041
    Revs 481,832 vs 824,554
    Six mths
    Shr loss one ct vs profit four cts
    Net loss 104,129 vs profit 345,515
    Revs 934,685 vs 1,465,153
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8337>
Shr loss 14 cts vs profit 26 cts
    Net loss 384,000 vs profit 714,000
    Revs 8,367,000 vs 9,909,000
    Year
    Shr profit 19 cts vs profit 57 cts
    Net profit 518,000 vs profit 1,547,000
    Revs 28.7 mln vs 26.7 mln
    NOTE: Includes income tax credits of 302,000 dlrs and 1.3
mln dlrs in 1986 and 1985, respectively, and 602,000 dlrs in
1985 qtr. Current qtr after tax provision of 452,000 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8338>
Shr 28 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 1,898,000 vs 892,000
    Sales 16.8 mln vs 15.3 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8339>
Period ended December 31, 1986
    Shr loss one ct vs profit two cts
    Net loss 52,922 vs profit 220,041
    Revs 481,832 vs 824,554
    Six mths
    Shr loss one ct vs profit four cts
    Net loss 104,129 vs profit 345,515
    Revs 937,685 vs 1,460,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8340>
Shr 12 cts vs eight cts
    Net 102,002 vs 59,396
    Sales 3,024,423 vs 2,437,489
    Avg shrs 1,032,000 vs 746,004
    Year
    Shr 64 cts vs 45 cts
    Net 570,491 vs 340,852
    Sales 11.1 mln vs 10.6 mln
    Avg shrs 1,032,000 vs 753,948
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8349>
McDonald's Corp rose sharply today
after receiving a second recommendation in as many sessions,
traders said.
    Today, analyst Richard Simon of Goldman Sachs and Co
reaffirmed his recommendation of the stock and put it on his
"focus list," traders familiar with the recommendation said.
    Simon was unavailable for comment.
    The stock jumped 2-3/4 to 79-7/8.
    On Friday, analyst Daniel Lee of Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc
reiterated a recommendation of the stock focusing on increased
comparable store sales and consistent annual earnings growth.
Friday, the stock closed 1-5/8 points higher.
    Wendy's, another operator of fast food restaurants, rose
one to 12-3/4 in active trading. Vague rumors that Wendy's is a
takeover candidate continued to circulate Wall Street, traders
said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8350>
Shr 3.36 dlrs vs 3.33 dlrs
    Net 16,173,000 vs 10,603,000
    Sales 420.8 mln vs 276.1 mln
    Avg shrs 4.4 mln vs 3.2 mln
    NOTE: 1985 net includes tax credits of 6.9 mln dlrs or 2.19
dlrs a share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8364>
Shr 22 cts vs six cts
    Net 819,000 vs 201,000
    Revs 9.3 mln vs 7.7 mln
    Year
    Shr 40 cts vs 20 cts
    Net 1.5 mln vs 728,000
    Revs 31.5 mln vs 26.6 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8366>
Shr three cts vs nil
    Net 328,112 vs 6,374
    Revs 1,401,155 vs 846,253
    NOTE: Full name is Intelligent Business Communications Corp
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8378>
Qtly div 10 cts vs 10 cts prior
    Payable April 30
    Record April 10
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8388>
Shr loss one cnt vs profit one cnt
    Net loss 35,000 vs profit 42,000
    Revs 881,000 vs 1.3 mln
    Year
    Shr profit seven cts vs profit nine cts
    Net profit 291,000 vs profit 366,000
    Revs 4.4 mln vs 5.9 mln
    NOTE:1985 4th qtr and year includes gain of 7,000 dlrs and
147,000 dlrs respectivley. 1986 year includes gain of 35,000
dlrs from tax loss carryforwards.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8391>
Oper shr loss 5.60 dlrs vs loss 1.10 dlrs
    Oper net loss 18,688,000 vs loss 3,662,000
    Sales 107.3 mln vs 108.7 mln
    Year
    Oper shr loss 5.76 dlrs vs loss 98 cts
    Oper net loss 19,213,000 vs loss 3,263,000
    Sales 455.2 mln vs 417.0 mln
    Note: Prior qtr and year figures exclude losses from
discontinued operations of 279,000 dlrs and 555,000 dlrs,
respectively and respective losses on sale of discontinued
operations of 14.6 mln dlrs and 15.9 mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8394>
Oper shr 93 cts vs 32 cts
    Oper net 2,443,810 vs 847,609
    Revs 30.3 mln vs 21.0 mln
    12 mths
    Oper shr 1.16 dlrs vs 85 cts
    Oper net 3,066,407 vs 2,250,781
    Revs 70.9 mln vs 61.8 mln
    NOTE: qtr 1985 excludes gain 96,327 dlrs for discontinued
operations of Lebanon Packaging.
    Year 1986 and year prior excludes loss 62,216 dlrs, and
gain 281,367 dlrs, respectively, for discontinued operations on
Lebanon sale.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8399>
Shr loss 1.16 dlrs vs loss 61 cts
    Net loss 3.5 mln vs loss 1.3 mln
    Revs 943,938 dlrs vs 480,333 dlrs
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8407>
Shr one ct vs five cts
    Net 19,174 vs 118,671
    Revs 3,127,162 vs 2,936,330
    Year
    Shr eight cts vs 30 cts
    Net 198,290 vs 712,087
    Revs 12.4 mln vs 11.6 mln
    Avg shrs 2,603,588 vs 2,376,604
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8409>
Shr 43 cts vs 32 cts
    Net 1,991,000 vs 1,485,000
    Sales 11.7 mln vs 9,479,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8424>
Oper shr loss five cts vs loss 1.28 dlrs
    Oper net loss 155,000 vs loss 3,982,000
    Sales 37.1 mln vs 34.2 mln
    NOTE: Net excludes losses from discontinued fabric
finishing operations of 3,431,000 dlrs vs 5,910,000 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8425>
Period ended December 31.
    Shr profit 11 cts vs loss 24 cts
    Net profit 224,271 vs loss 511,349
    Revs 7,258,688 vs 7,200,349
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8426>
Qtly div 15 cts vs 15 cts previously
    Pay May 15
    Record April 18
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8435>
Initials Plus said it expects sales in
the year ending January 31, 1988 to exceed 10 mln dlrs.
    The company had sales last year of 256,000 dlrs.
    Initials said it expects to turn profitable some time in
1988 and sees sales of 100 mln dlrs annually by the end of
1989.
    The company said it now has over 100 personal retailers
marketing its products and expects to have more than 1,000 by
the end of 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8447>
Shr loss 12 cts vs loss 63 cts
    Net loss 596,000 vs loss 2,934,000
    Revs 7,261,000 vs 6,600,000
    Year
    Oper shr loss 14 cts vs loss 1.28 dlrs
    Oper net loss 683,000 vs loss 5,824,000
    Revs 29.8 mln vs 22.7 mln
    Avg shrs 4,930,000 vs 4,546,000
    NOTE: Year net excludes losses from discontinued operations
of 764,000 dlrs vs 5,152,000 dlrs.
                        
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8448>
Shr loss 74 cts
    Net loss 4,192,613
    Revs 2,928,021
    Note: 1986 net includes 3,095,000 dlr write-off tied to
discontinuation of emulator board production.
    Co's 1st fl-yr of operation.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8449>
France's Societe Generale &lt;SGEN.PA> bank,
which will be sold to the private sector in the second half of
this year, reported increased profits for last year.
    Societe Generale, one of the three largest state-owned
banking groups, said in a statement that its parent company
profit for 1986 totalled 800 mln francs, up 21.2 pct on 1985's
660 mln profit.
    This was in line with earlier forecasts of profit of
between 770 and 800 mln francs.
    The bank's parent company gross operating profits were up
5.4 pct at 21.34 billion francs against 20.24 billion in 1985.
    The increase in the bank's gross operating profits was
mostly due to a rise in french franc deposits and personal
loans as well as the development of its financial activities,
Societe Generale said.
    Parent company net banking earnings last year were also up
at 13.9 billion francs compared with 13.57 billion in 1985
while operating costs totalled 7.44 billion francs against 6.67
billion the previous year.
    Societe Generale President Marc Vienot said in December he
expected group 1986 consolidated profits to rise to between 2.5
billion and 2.6 billion francs from 1.62 billion in 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8454>
Uniforce Temporary
Personnel Inc said it declared a three-for-two stock split,
payable May 15 to stockholders of record April 14.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8457>
Oper shr loss 20 cts vs loss 81 cts
    Oper net loss 1,042,000 vs loss 4,077,000
    Revs 38.5 mln vs 50.3 mln
    12 mths
    Oper shr loss six cts vs loss 43 cts
    Oper net loss 336,000 vs loss 2,176,000
    Revs 137.8 mln vs 209.1 mln
    NOTE: qtrs 1986 and prior exclude net realized investment
gains of 74,000 dlrs and 644,000 dlrs, respectively, and years
1986 and prior exclude realized investment gains of 642,000
dlrs and 1,979,000 dlrs, respectively.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8458>
Shr 1.25 dlrs vs 1.14 dlrs
    Net 472,254 vs 446,805
    Revs 21.4 mln vs 19.4 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8475>
Net profits for year ended December 31
1986 1.3 billion lire vs 47.3 billion
    Deposits from clients 3,691.0 billion lire vs 3,419.0
billion
    Loans to clients 2,448.0 billion lire vs 2,181.5 billion
    Note: The bank, sold by Bankamerica Corp &lt;BK.N> last
December to West Germany's Deutsche Bank AG &lt;DBKG.F>, said the
sharp fall in net profit reflected various factors including
higher set-asides for risk coverage and a high tax burden.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8479>
Security Capital Corp said it has
suspended quarterly cash dividend payments indefinitely.
    The company also said its board has withdrawn authroization
for the company to buy its stock on the open market. Its
previous dividend payment was five cts on February 24.
    Security Capital said this action was taken in response to
its continuing operating losses, primarily at Benjamin Franklin
Savings Association, a Houston-based subsidiary.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8480>
Auditors of Brunswick Corp lifted a
four year qualification on the company's financial statements,
vice president-finance Frederick Florjancic told securities
analysts here.
    The financial results for the diversified leisure and
defense/aerospace company had been qualifed by Arthur Andersen
and Co since 1982.
    The qualification related to certain tax liabilities,
amounting to 65 mln dlrs, associated with a medical division
sold by Brunswick in 1982, he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8481>
Shr loss 4.63 vs loss 2.43
    Net loss 60,780,000 vs loss 28,898,000
    Rev 499.7 mln vs 432.1 mln
    NOTE: 1986 net includes loss of 49.9 mln dlrs for
restructuring charges.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8487>
Shr loss 24 cts vs profit three cts
    Net loss 982,779 vs profit 104,418
    Revs 11.2 mln vs 12.3 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8488>
Shr loss eight cts vs profit 10 cts
    Net loss 714,905 vs profit 889,679
    Revs 1,091,461 vs 3,156,569
    Year
    Shr loss five cts vs profit 22 cts
    Net loss 422,037 vs profit 1,850,637
    Revs 6,642,490 vs 7,948,312
    Avg shrs 8,808,323 vs 8,412,822
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8489>
ALC Communications Corp said
that because of strong traffic growth and cost reductions it
anticipates reporting a profit for the first quarter of 1987,
versus a loss of 1.4 mln dlrs, or 15 cts a share, for the first
quarter of 1986.
    Earlier, the company reported a net after-tax loss for 1986
of 60.8 mln dlrs, or 4.63 dlrs a share, compared with a loss of
28.9 mln dlrs, or 2.43 dlrs a share, in 1985.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8490>
Qtly div 15 cts vs 15 cts prior
    Pay April 30
    Record April 15
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8491>
Annual div 11 cts vs 10 cts prior
    Pay April 24
    Record March 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8501>
Qtly div 32.5 cts vs 32.5 cts in prior qtr
    Payable Mary 15
    Record April 15
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8502>
Qtly div two cts vs two cts prior
    Pay May 15
    Record March 31
    NOTE: Full name Saxon Oil Development Partners LP.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8506>
International Business Machines Corp,
hit by a two-year earnings slump, should begin a come-back by
the end of 1987 and post strong growth in 1988, analyst Rick
Martin of Sanford C. Bernstein Co Inc said.
    "There will be increasing momentum in earnings, albeit not
until later this year," Martin said at a technology conference
sponsored by the investment firm.
    Martin said the coming rebound reflects new product
introductions in the mid-range area, rather than any drastic
improvement in economic growth or U.S. capital spending.
    IBM, whose stock hit a 52-week low of 115-3/4 dlrs in
mid-January, has come back lately. IBM was trading up 7/8 at
149-1/2 dlrs.
    Analysts, computer industry executives, and the company
itself, have highlighted the external economic factors
hampering IBM's growth.
    But Martin said the product cycle was key to understanding
the rise and fall of IBM and other computer companies, and
pointed to Digital Equipment Corp &lt;DEC> to support his view.
"By replacing the product line, earnings have soared," he said
of DEC's line of VAX computers.
    In contrast to DEC, IBM faultered with an incompatible
mid-range product line. A new computer code-named "Fort Knox"
was supposed to tie together a number of IBM's mid-range
systems, but the product never got off the ground, he said.
    Instead, aspects of the computer were integrated into the
IBM 9370 machine introduced last year, and other aspects should
be unwrapped by 1988, Martin said. "The major story will be a
rebound in its mid-range business."
    He said sales of IBM's mid-range computers fell about 13
pct in 1986. But the new products will lead to 5.8 pct growth
in mid-range computers this year and 30.7 pct growth in 1988.
    High-end computers, primarily the Sierra line, are coming
to the end of their product life cycle. Although growing 22.5
pct in the midst of IBM's sharply lower 1986 year, growth will
drop to 1.5 pct in 1987 and 1.9 pct in 1988, he said.
    By 1988, overall revenue growth should rise to about 16
pct, against 5.8 pct growth in 1987 and 2.4 pct in 1986, Martin
said. Last year, IBM earned 4.8 billion dlrs on revenues of
51.3 billion dlrs.
    Investors asked what this all meant to DEC, whose earnings
and stock have been propelled by a strong slew of product
introductions in the mid-range area.
    In response, Martin said he did not view IBM as a threat to
DEC, nor DEC as a threat to IBM, because both companies were
catering largely to existing customer bases, rather than
stealing market share from one another.
 
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8510>
Brunswick Corp expects 1987 first
quarter sales to be up "dramatically" and profits to "do well,"
chairman and president Jack Reichert said after a securities
analysts meeting.
    He declined to be more specific.
    In the 1986 first quarter, Brunswick reported earnings of
23.8 mln dlrs or 57 cts a share on sales of 396.7 mln dlrs.
    Reichart noted that results of its two newly-acquired boat
manufacturing companies will be included in the company's first
quarter report.
    Brunswick expects its recreation centers to benefit from
increased attention to the sport of bowling resulting from
acceptance in the 1988 Summer Olympics of bowling as an
exhibition sport and as a medal sport in the 1991 Pan American
Games, he said.
    He said field testing of a new bowling concept involving
electronic features is being readied for test marketing this
summer, and if successful, could "materially benefit"
operations.
    Brunswick is currently test marketing in California a
health club facility adjoining a bowling center, he said.
    Turning to its defense operations, Reichert said he expects
the division to receive significant contracts in the near
future. At 1986 year end, Brunswick's defense contract backlog
stood at 425 mln dlrs.
    Frederick Florjancic, vice president-finance, told analysts
Brunswick was disappointed two credit rating services recently
downgraded the company's debt which stood at about 665.4 mln
dlrs at 1986 year end.
    "We are confident we can service our debt and bring it down
in the very near term," based on strong cash flow from
Brunswick's expanded boat operations, Florjancic said.
    Shareholders at the company's April 27 annual shareholders
meeting will be asked to approve an increase in the authorized
common shares outstanding to 200 mln from 100 mln shares, a
company spokesman said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8513>
Weatherford International said it
suspended indefinitely payment of its regular quarterly
dividend of 65.6 cts per share on its 2.625 convertible
exchangeable cumulative preferred stock.
    Weatherford said this will be the sixth non-payment of the
dividend on the stock. It said payment would have been on April
15, 1987.
    Weatherford also said the holders of the preferred stock
will have the right to elect two additional directors to the
board of directors.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8520>
Shr 41 cts vs 38 cts
    Net 5,630,000 vs 5,152,000
    Revs 97.1 mln vs 85.4 mln
    
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8521>
Shr profit 22 cts vs loss 2.15 dlrs
    Net profit 271,000 vs loss 2,530,000
    Revs 16.3 mln vs 15.2 mln
    Avg shr 1,238,000 and 1,177,000
    12 mths
    Shr profit 82 cts vs loss 2.14 dlrs
    Net profit 982,000 vs loss 2,517,000
    Revs 66.5 mln vs 64.5 mln
    Avg shrs 1,193,000 vs 1,177,000
    NOTE: net loss 1985 yr and qtr includes a charge of
1,042,000, or 89 cts per share, for expenses related to
restructuring of company's domestic alloy business.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8526>
Cooper Development Co said it
revised results for the year ended October 31 to a loss of 61.7
mln dlrs, or 2.33 dlrs per share, down from the
previously-reported loss of 12.1 mln dlrs, or 46 cts per share.
    The restatement was made because of change in the method of
accounting for a combination of several company-controlled
concerns that resulted in a 53.5 mln dlr charge, Cooper
Development said.
    Last August Cooper Development combined its Cooper
Biomedical Inc unit and its Cooper Laboratories subsidiary with
Technicon Instruments Corp, a company acquired from Revlon Inc
&lt;REV>, a Cooper spokesman said.
    The spokesman said the transaction was accounted for as an
acquisition, but the Securities and Exchange Commission took
issue with the accounting method and said it should be
accounted for as a reorganization of entities under common
control.
    This treatment requires that the costs associated with the
transaction be expanded rather than capitalized as an
intangible asset, the company said.
    It also said that, since the charged required an expensing
of previously accrued liabilities, the company will experience
no resulting material change it its cash flow.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8528>
Shr 28 cts vs nil
    Net 3,614,000 vs 7,000
    Revs 37.5 mln vs 7,835,000
    Year
    Shr 13 cts vs nil
    Net 1,601,000 vs 30,000
    Revs 145.5 mln vs 51 mln
    NOTE: Per share amounts are after payment of preferred
stock dividends.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8530>
Shr loss 35 cts vs profit six cts
    Net loss 3,555,293 vs profit 649,715
    Revs 4,451,732 vs 3,910,652
    Note: 1986 net includes 3.7 mln dlr writedown of oil and
gas properties.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8540>
Shr 1.51 dlr  vs 1.08 dlr
    Net 23.1 mln vs 18.2 mln
    Oper revs 81.1 mln vs 86.5 mln
    12 mths
    Shr 6.41 dlrs vs 5.77 dlrs
    Net 106.5 mln vs 99.2 mln
    Oper revs 465.8 mln vs 509.8 mln
    NOTE: 1987 periods do not reflect the terms of earnings
stipulation agreement among the company and various departments
submitted for approval on March 18.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8541>
Data Card Corp said it does not
expect to meet its earnings and revenue targets for the fiscal
year ending March 28.
    Earlier, the company said it expected earnings per share
from continuing operations to be 35 to 45 cts a share. Now it
sees that figure at 15 cts a share, or about 1.5 mln dlrs.
    Data Card said it expects revenues for the year in the
range of 170 mln to 175 mln dlrs, down from a previous estimate
of 180 mln to 185 mln dlrs.
    It said integration of Addressograph Farrington Inc, a
private company acquired on Aug 25, 1986, is proving more
difficult than expected. The company reported revenues of 154
mln dlrs and net income of 10.6 mln dlrs in fiscal 1986 ended
March 26, 1986.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8545>
Lincoln Savings Bank said its
board declared an initial dividend of 10 cts per share, payable
April 17 to shareholders of record April 10.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8547>
United Illuminating Co said
that if the Department of Utility Controls approves an earnings
stipulation agreement submitted March 18, it will reduce
through accounting procedures its 1987 noncash earnings by 16
mln dlrs or 1.15 dlr per share.
    For the two month period ended February 28, 1987, it said
the amount of the reduction would amount to 19 cts per share.
Earlier, it reported net income for the two-month period of
23.1 mln dlrs of 1.51 dlr a share.
    United said the approval would lead it to an equity return
level comparable with the electric utility industry average.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8555>
Qtly div 10 Canadian cts vs 10 Canadian cts prior
    Pay May 25
    Record April 20
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8556>
Qtly div three cts vs three cts previously
    Pay April 15
    Record April One
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8559>
Qtr ended Jan 31
    Shr loss seven cts vs loss 64 cts
    Net loss 367,000 vs loss 3,009,000
    Revs 2,516,000 vs 8,787,000
    Nine mths
    Shr loss 73 cts vs loss 1.17 dlrs
    Net loss 3,545,000 vs loss 4,573,000
    Revs 6,768,000 vs 13.3 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8561>
American Express Co said its board
approved a public offering of about 18 pct of its wholly owned
Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc brokerage unit.
    American Express also approved the previously announced
plan to sell about 13 pct, or 13 mln convertible preferred, of
the unit to Nippon Life insurance co for 538 mln dlrs. The
preferred shares are convertible to the same number of common
shares following Hart-Scott-Rodino and FDIC approvals.
    American Express said it will maintain 60 pct, or 60 mln of
the 100 mln shares of Shearson that will be outstanding.
    American Express said it had agreed with Nippon life that
American Express will hold a minimum of 40 pct of Shearson
until January, 1999.
   American Express said 7.5 mln Shearson shares would be held
by certain employees of Shearson and one mln by a Shearson
stock ownership plan to be formed.
    American Express said it anticipates a registration
statement for the public offering will be filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission shortly.
    American Express also declared a two-for-one stock split
and raised its quarterly dividend to 38 cts per share from 36
cts on a pre-split basis. Both dividends are payable May 8, to
shareholders of record April 3. There are currently 215 mln
American Express shares outstanding.
    The transaction with Nippon Life remains subject to
approval by the Japanese ministry of finance, which is expected
in April.
    American Express also said an agreement was reached by
Shearson and Nippon Life providing for a joint venture in
London.
    The venture will focus on investment advisory asset
management, market research and consulting on financing. It
also said it expects the relationship to extend to selected
projects involving American Express, Shearson Lehman and Nippon
Life in key financial centers of Asia and other regions, and to
future personnel exchanges.
    Under the agreement, Nippon will receive 13 mln cumulative
preferred shares with a five pct dividend rate. The cumulative
preferred stock will become convertible with voting powers to
an equal number of common shares following the U.S. government
approvals.
    American Express said that assuming conversion of the
preferred stock held by Nippon, 100 mln shares of Shearson
Lehman common stock would be outstanding. For the public
offering, it said there will be an underwriters overallotment
option to purchase 1.8 mln shares.
    American Express will also grant Nippon Life a five-year
warrant to purchase one mln American Express common shares at
100 dlrs per share. There are currently 215 mln American
Express shares outstanding.
    Nippon Life would be entitled to nominate two directors to
the Shearson board and one representative to serve as an
adviser to the American Express board of directors.
    "These proposed transactions are yet another signal that
american express intends to stay in the forefront of the
financial services industry worldwide," said American Express
Chairman James D. Robinson. "The implementation of our plans,
moreover, will enable us to maintain a majority interest in
shearson while enhancing the strength of our balance sheet by
tapping additional capital resources for shearson outside
american express."
Reuter...
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8562>
Sterivet Laboratories Ltd said it
authorized a three-for-one split of its common stock.
    The company said the stock split is subject to approval by
its shareholders at its upcoming annual meeting.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8565>
Shr eight cts vs five cts
    Net 1,370,898 vs 823,988
    Sales 7,786,730 vs 4,383,825
    Avg shrs 17,744,333 vs 17,071,236
    NOTE: Per-share amounts adjusted for three-for-two stock
splits in April and July, 1986
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8569>
US Sprint, the 50-50 telephone venture
of GTE Corp &lt;GTE> and United Telecommunications Inc &lt;UT> set up
last June, is optimistic despite expecting to report a net loss
of about 500 mln dlrs this year.
     David M. Holland, president of US Sprint's Dallas-based
Southwest Division, told Reuters in an interview that he did
not know what it would report for the first quarter, but agreed
that for the year the company should have about the same
results as last year when it lost "about 500 mln dlrs."
     He noted the company was slated to spend 2.3 billion dlrs
over "two plus years" to set up its network.

    Holland added that Sprint was still paying almost 500 mln
dlrs a year to American Telephone and Telegraph Co (T) in order
to lease its lines.
     He said 16,000 miles of its 23,000 mile fiber optic
telephone line are now "in the ground," and 7,000 miles are
operable.
     By the end of the year, he said, 90 pct of the company's
subscribers will be carried on its fiber optic lines (instead
of leased ATT lines), compared with 60 pct by the end of the
second quarter.
    Fiber optic lines, which send digital light impulses along
microscopic glass lines, is quicker, more accurate and more
economical than traditional copper cables. A fiber optic line
the diameter of a dime can carry the same amount of information
as a copper cable 20 feet in diameter.
     "By the end of the year, we will have the capacity to
carry 50 pct of all U.S. long distance phone calls," Holland
said.
    He said ATT currently controls about 80 pct of the U.S.
long distance market, with MCI Communications Corp &lt;MCIC> about
10 to 12 pct and Sprint five to seven pct.
     Holland said Sprint's rates, which were 50 pct lower than
ATT when it did not pay to gain access to local telephone
exchanges, were now about 10 to 12 pct lower now that all the
companies have equal access. He said the company was cutting
back its advertising by about 30 pct this year.
     At the same time, he said Sprint had increased its total
number of customers to four mln from two mln from July 1986 to
last January.
    "We've captured the fiber high ground, shown the importance
of it," he said.
     Concerning the deregulation of ATT, Holland said he
believed ATT "should be given some flexibility, but should be
regulated on pricing plans."
     "They're so dominant in the market place," he said, adding
that ATT should be deregulated when "there is true competition
in the marketplace."
     "It takes time to prove ourselves and a lot of money," he
said, adding, "maybe two to four years out, it's hard to say."
    Holland said he was not concerned about talk that Sprint's
two owners might be squabbling or that corporate raiders, such
as the Belzberg family in Canada, might be putting pressure on
them to sell off their loss-making Sprint holdings.
     "They are two excellent partners who have stated time and
time again their support of US Sprint," he said, adding that he
was "amazed" at industry talk that the two companies might be
arguing. "There's no evidence of that," he said.
     He said Sprint's progress in such areas as revenues,
number of customers and construction was on track, even "ahead
in many areas."
    Looking beyond the United States, Holland said Sprint
currently had direct access to 34 countries and aimed to be in
90 pct of the Free World nations by 1988.
    "We want to be in every country that ATT serves," he said.
    He said Sprint currently does not have access to Mexico but
was working on it.
     He noted negotiations between Mexico and GTE Sprint, the
forerunner of US Sprint, had been broken off by the September
1985 earthquake which had devastated the nation's telephone
network.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8577>
Shr profit 26 cts vs loss two cts
    Net profit 6,194,000 vs loss 170,000
    Revs 100.0 mln vs 7,854,000
    Avg shrs 10.7 mln vs 8,787,977
    Year
    Shr profit two cts vs loss 17 cts
    Net profit 7,169,000 vs loss 1,461,000
    Revs 421.4 mln vs 51.1 mln
    Avg shrs 9,604,474 vs 8,807,709
   
Reuter...
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8579>
Shr loss 1.34 dlrs vs profit two cts
    Net loss 4.5 mln vs profit 46,000
    Revs 7.6 mln vs 8.9 mln
    Nine months
    Shr loss 1.41 dlrs vs loss two cts
    Net loss 4.7 mln vs loss 76,000
    Revs 30.2 mln vs 23.8 mln
    NOTE:1986 includes gain on disposition of investments of
2,454 dlrs in 3rd qtr and 5,306 dlrs in nine months
respectively. 1987 includes gain on disposition of investments
of five dlrs in 3nd qtr and 7,052 dlrs in nine months.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8580>
Oper shr loss 20 cts vs loss 81 cts
    Oper net loss 1,042,000 vs loss 4,077,000
    Revs 38.5 mln vs 50.3 mln
    12 mths
    Oper shr profit six cts vs loss 43 cts
    Oper net profit 336,000 vs loss 2,176,000
    Revs 137.8 mln vs 209.1 mln
    (Company corrects to show profit rather than a loss for
current 12 mths oper shr and oper net.)
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8581>
Shr 28 cts vs nil
    Net 4,568,000 vs 7,000
    Revs 37.5 mln vs 7,835,000
    Year
    Shr 13 cts vs nil
    Net 5,011,000 vs 30,000
    Revs 145.5 mln vs 51.0 mln
    Note: Current year results includes revs of 87.2 mln dlrs
from Chocolate Co Inc, which was acquired in March 1986.
    Note: Shr results after preferred dividend payments of
954,000 dlrs for current qtr and 3,410,000 dlrs for current
year.
    Net includes gains from sale of investment in Sheraton
Securities International of 5,807,000 dlrs vs 928,000 dlrs for
qtr and 8,705,000 dlrs vs 928,000 dlrs for year.
    Net also includes extraordinary loss from early retirement
of debt of 303,000 dlrs for year-ago 12 mths.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8582>
Shr loss 33 cts vs loss 48 cts
    Net loss 1.7 mln vs loss 2.5 mln
    Revs 6.3 mln vs 10.2 mln
    Six months
    Shr loss 54 cts vs loss 75 cts
    Net loss 2.8 mln vs loss 3.9 mln
    Revs 15.2 mln vs 23.4 mln
       
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8595>
Swire Pacific Ltd &lt;SWPC.HKG> is
likely to show a more than 20 pct rise in 1986 operating
profits when it reports results tomorrow, reflecting gains in
its aviation and property businesses, share analysts said.
    Analysts polled by Reuters estimated after-tax profits from
operations will be between 1.525 billion and 1.8 billion dlrs
compared with 1.23 billion in 1985.
    They also said Swire will have an extraordinary gain of
about 1.38 billion dlrs from the flotation of its Cathay
Pacific Airways Ltd &lt;CAPH.HKG> unit last May.
    Swire had an extraordinary gain of 59.1 mln dlrs in 1985.
    Share analysts said Swire will set a 36 cent final dividend
for its "A" shares, making a total of 54 cents, after 47 cents
adjusted for a two-for-one bonus issue in 1985.
    Aviation and properties together account for 75 pct of the
company's net asset value and about 85 pct of its net profits,
analysts said.
    The company's aviation division consists of its majority
stake in Cathay Pacific Airways Ltd and its 25 pct interest in
&lt;Hongkong Aircraft Engineering Co Ltd>, which is also 25 pct
owned by Cathay.
    Cathay last week reported 1986 profits climbed to 1.23
billion dlrs from 777 mln in 1985, partly because of lower fuel
costs and greater traffic.
    Swire's share of Cathay, which stood at 70 pct before the
flotation, fell to 54.25 pct at the end of last year and has
since slipped to 50.23 pct.
    Hongkong Aircraft reported this month its 1986 net profits
rose 29.5 pct to 115.5 mln dlrs.
    Tony Measor, an analyst at Hong Leong Securities Ltd,
estimates Swire's profits will be 1.525 billion dlrs.
    "Much depends on properties," said Measor. "And they did a lot
better in the second half of the year."
    Estimates of profits from the firm's wholly owned Swire
Properties Ltd unit range widely from 500 mln dlrs to 700 mln
compared with 570 mln dlrs in 1985.
    Swire Properties recorded an interim profit of 120 mln dlrs
for the first half of 1986, well below 260 mln dlrs for the
same 1985 period, but analysts said that was due mainly to the
low level of completion of new residential flats. The firm's
properties consist mainly of the Taikoo Shing residential
development and two luxury housing projects.
    Hoare Govett Asia Ltd said the completion of 1,100 flats in
Taikoo Shing will have yielded profits of 300 mln dlrs in
second-half 1986.
    During the year property prices continued to rise as more
people bought real estate, benefiting from low interest rates,
analysts said.
    "At the end of last year, flats in Taikoo Shing were selling
at 1,100 dlrs per square foot, up by about 20 pct from a year
ago," said Frederick Tsang of Mansion House Securities (F.E.)
Ltd.
    Swire is developing a large commercial and hotel complex in
the central business district of Hong Kong but it will not
provide income until the first stage is completed next year.
    The company also sold three properties and a part interest
in a proposed hotel development, which should result in
extraordinary gains of 60 mln dlrs in 1986, according to James
Capel (Far East) Ltd.
    Swire's trading and manufacturing operations are expected
to earn 300 mln dlrs, up 22 pct from 1985 but its shipping and
offshore services are likely to post a small loss of about 10
mln dlrs because of depressed market conditions.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8600>
Royal Dutch/Shell Group &lt;RD.AMS> unit
&lt;Shell Australia Ltd>, said its net profit fell to 45.79 mln
dlrs in 1986 from 66.76 mln in 1985.
    Revenue fell to 4.55 billion dlrs from 4.91 billion, in an
extremely competitive and over-regulated environment, chairman
and chief executive Kevan Gosper said in a statement. A 26.25
mln dlr annual dividend would be paid to the parent after a
very disappointing year.
    "A return of 2.2 pct on funds employed represents a very
meagre return ... In an economy suffering from inflation of
around 10 pct," he said.
    Gosper said the results reflected heavy reliance on
downstream oil and chemicals, poor coal and metal returns and
the financial burden of the North-West Shelf gas project.
    Duties, royalties and taxes rose to 1.37 billion dlrs
against 852.72 mln in 1985 and Gosper urged the government to
move quickly to lift costly and unnecessary regulation.
    "It is just as important for Australia to maintain a
financially healthy, technically advanced refining and
marketing industry as it is to sustain oil exploration and
production," he said.
    "The Australian oil industry has the experience and the
capacity to serve the nation and its shareholders well if the
government would stop putting roadblocks in our way," he said.
    Shell invested 500 mln dlrs over the past five years to
upgrade its oil refining and marketing business, but further
investment required an appropriate rate of return, he said.
    Exploration and evaluation spending in 1986 fell to 18.77
mln dlrs from 26.35 mln, while investment in property and plant
rose to 374.25 mln from 353.94 mln a year earlier.
    Gosper said oil companies would be under intense pressure
in 1987 because of forecast slow economic growth.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8611>
Earnings per one stg of deferred stock 41.7p vs 34.9
    Div 11.5p making 19.0 vs 16.0
    Turnover 1.95 billion stg vs 1.63 billion
    Pretax profit 174.1 mln vs 125.6 mln
    Tax 49.4 mln vs 34.9 mln
    NOTE - Company's full name is Peninsular and Oriental Steam
Navigation Co Plc &lt;PORL.L>
    Net operating costs 1.77 billion stg vs 1.51 billion
    Share of profits of associates 21.1 mln vs 37.9 mln
    Operating profit 206.3 mln vs 154.2 mln
    Investment income 1.7 mln vs 3.6 mln
    Net interest payable 29.5 mln vs 29.2 mln
    Employee profit sharing 4.4 mln vs 3.0 mln
    Minority interests 2.5 mln debit vs 2.4 mln debit
    Extraordinary items 29.8 mln credit vs 0.1 mln credit
    Group operating profit includes -
    Service industries 40.7 mln vs 34.4 mln
    Passenger shipping 19.5 mln vs 13.1 mln
    Housebuilding, construction/development 50.1 mln vs 30.0
mln
    Container and bulk shipping 43.8 mln vs 34.4 mln
    P and O Australia 6.6 mln vs 9.4 mln
    Banking nil vs 7.7 mln
    Investment property income 45.6 mln vs 25.2 mln
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8614>
Shr 47.1p vs 37.7
    Shr fully diluted 42.2p vs 33.6
    Div 11p vs 7 making 16 vs 10
    Turnover 1.83 billion stg vs 1.76 billion
    Pretax profit 115.3 mln vs 81.3 mln
    Tax 30.5 mln vs 16.2 mln
    Retail profit -
    B and Q 45.5 mln vs 33.1 mln
    Comet 17.4 mln vs 11.9 mln
    Woolworth 38.7 mln vs 17.6 mln
    Other 4.6 mln loss vs 600,000 loss
    Property income 49.4 mln vs 48.0 mln
    Net interest payable 31.1 mln vs 28.7 mln
    Extraordinary debit 16.0 mln vs 29.1 mln
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8619>
Shr 37.0 cents vs 60.0
    Final div deferred vs 11 cents (1985 full year 20.0)
    Pre-tax 171.05 mln vs 239.97 mln
    Net 88.67 mln vs 144.04 mln
    Turnover 400.42 mln vs 506.51 mln
    Other income 85.44 mln vs 71.04 mln
    Shrs 238.99 vs same.
    NOTE - Final div deferred for tax advantage until after
July 1 but not expected to be less than nine cents (interim
seven). Net after tax 82.38 mln vs 95.92 mln, depreciation and
amortisation 93.29 mln vs 76.19 mln, interest 90.94 mln vs
116.49 mln, minorities nil vs loss 10,000 but before
extraordinary loss 6.49 mln vs loss 53.40 mln.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8630>
Leading Australian onshore oil and gas
producer, Santos Ltd &lt;STOS.S>, said its 1986 results were hit
by sharp reductions in prices for crude oil, condensate and
liquefied petroleum gas (LPG).
    The Cooper Basin producer earlier reported a fall in net
profit to 88.67 mln dlrs from 144.04 mln in 1985.
    Santos chairman Sir Brian Massy-Greene said in a statement
that increased production, particularly of oil and LPG, along
with reduced operating costs and reduced or deferred oil
exploration and development outlays, were helping Santos deal
with an adverse business climate.
    Santos said it remained financially strong with an
injection of 84 mln dlrs from the second instalment of a 1985
rights issue, and had cash reserves of 381.3 mln dlrs at the
end of 1986 against 401.9 mln a year earlier.
    It said it had also made significant progress in repaying
debts and at year end the ratio of debt to shareholders' funds
had fallen to 1.01 from 1.54.
    Santos yesterday announced a 4.00 dlr a share takeover bid
for the 96.93 pct it did not already hold in oil and gas
company &lt;TMOC Resources Ltd> -- valuing the target at 248.5 mln
dlrs.
    Santos said 75 pct of its loans were U.S. Dollar
denominated and significant currency purchases were made during
the year to maintain that natural hedge. At year end it held
145 mln U.S. Dlrs, enough to meet all 1987 repayments.
    Santos said it had a successful gas exploration program,
finding 172 billion cubic feet in South Australia, but oil
exploration was less successful with 1.62 mln barrels added to
reserves -- less than depletion during the year.
    Cooper Basin producers are committed to a two-year scheme
to double gas exploration while Santos said its 1987 budget for
oil exploration had been boosted 20 pct.
    Santos said the outlook for 1987 depended on prices and
production volumes but with extra oil exploration and
encouraging gas finds there were grounds for optimism.
    But it called on the goverment to continue fostering
domestic producers through the Import Parity Price scheme.
    "It makes no sense to abandon this policy now when
exploration is at its lowest level for many years and when
Australia's oil self-sufficency is expected to decline rapidly,"
Massy-Green said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8632>
Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation
Co Plc &lt;PORL.L>, P and O, said it plans a free warrant issue on
the basis of 10 warrants for every 150 stg nominal of deferred
stock already held, to mark the 150th anniversary of the
company.
    Each warrant will give the right to subscribe for one stg
nominal of deferred stock at 750p during a specified period in
the five years starting in 1988.
    P and O deferred shares were last quoted at 629p, down 1p
since yesterday, after the company reported 1986 pre-tax profit
of 174.1 mln stg against 125.6 mln for 1985.
    P and O said 1986 produced an acceptable level of growth,
though ground has to be made up in one or two areas.
    The company has a strong balance sheet and considerable
flexibility for 1987, it added. P and O will concentrate on
expanding in its established market sectors.
    Commenting on the recent ferry disaster in the North Sea
off Zeebrugge, the statement said the precise cause is unknown.
The company has instituted an immediate investigation and both
the British and Belgian governments are conducting inquiries.
    The stricken ferry, the Herald of Free Enterprise, belongs
to Townsend Thoresen, which became part of P and O in January.
    P and O is considering listing its shares in Japan and
other important overseas financial centres, the statement
added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8644>
Shr 51.4p vs 56.4p
    Div 11.0p making 17.4p, a 10 pct increase on 1985
    Turnover 3.14 billion stg vs 2.65 billion
    Pretax profit 182.2 mln vs 150.5 mln
    Tax 53.8 mln vs 23.5 mln
    Note - comparisons restated.
    Trading profit 217.2 mln vs 211.1 mln
    Launching costs 47.6 mln vs 51.6 mln
    Share of profit of related companies 3.6 mln vs 3.4 mln
    Net interest receivable 9.0 mln vs 12.4 mln payable
    Extraordinary debit 44.1 mln vs nil
    Trading profit includes  -
    Civil aircraft 7.7 mln loss vs 2.5 mln loss
    Military aircraft and support services 146.0 mln vs 148.3
mln
    Guided weapon and electronic systems 139.7 mln vs 127.8 mln
    Space and communications 1.9 mln vs 2.0 mln loss
    Company funded research and development 62.7 mln loss vs
54.9 mln
    Reorganisation costs nil vs 5.6 mln loss
    Launch costs include -
    BAe 146 17.1 mln vs 27.3 mln
    Airbus 19.4 mln vs 6.9 mln
    BAe 125-800 0.3 mln vs 1.5 mln
    ATP 10.8 mln vs 15.9 mln
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8668>
Shr 34.5p vs 24.5p adjusted
    Div 19p making 29p vs 24.8p adjusted
    Pretax profit 178.1 mln vs 110.1 mln
    Tax and minorities 60.5 mln vs 32.7 mln
    Profit attributable 117.6 mln vs 77.4 mln
    Pretax profit includes -
    Long term business 145.5 mln vs 137.7 mln
    General insurance business -
    Underwriting loss 99.9 mln vs 131.6 mln
    Investment income 94.8 mln vs 78.2 mln
    Trading loss 5.1 mln vs 53.4 mln
    Investment management, U.K. 6.4 mln vs 1.6 mln
    Shareholders' other income 31.3 mln vs 24.2 mln
    Pretax profit by division includes -
    U.K. Individual division 97.1 mln vs 89.5 mln
    U.K. Group pensions 10.5 mln vs 10.6 mln
    International 13.4 mln vs 12.4 mln
    Mercantile and General 24.5 mln vs 25.2 mln
    Prudential Portfolio managers 6.4 mln vs 1.6 mln
    Prudential Property Services 2.1 mln loss vs nil
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8702>
Shr 97.0p vs 85.3p
    Div 22.5p vs 20.0p making 35.0p vs 30.5p
    Pretax profit 253.9 mln stg vs 267.9 mln
    Tax 96.3 mln vs 125.6 mln
    Operating income 1.15 billion vs 998.8 mln
    Operating expenses 759.3 mln vs 692.7 mln
    Trading profit before charge for bad and doubtful debts
    394.4 mln stg vs 306.1 mln
    Charge for bad and doubtful debts 184.2 mln vs 100.7 mln
    Share of profits of associates 43.7 mln vs 62.5 mln
    Minority interests 6.6 mln debit vs 9.6 mln debit
    Extraordinary items 8.7 mln debit vs 15.7 mln credit
    Operating income includes -
    Interest income 2.49 billion vs 2.33 billion
    Interest expenses 1.77 billion vs 1.64 billion
    Other operating income 428.8 mln vs 313.2 mln
    Operating expenses include -
    Staff 405.9 mln vs 376.0 mln
    Premises and equipment 197.0 mln vs 155.2 mln
    Others 156.4 mln vs 161.5 mln
    Pretax profit includes -  North America 65.8 mln vs 49.6
mln
    Asia Pacific 0.9 mln vs 31.8 mln
    Middle East and south Asia 17.7 mln vs 2.3 mln
    Tropical Africa 47.5 mln vs 44.7 mln
    U.K. 107.6 mln vs 135.7 mln
    South Africa 36.8 mln vs 35.6 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8707>
Woolworth Holdings Plc &lt;WLUK.L> which
earlier announced a 1986 pre-tax profits rise of 42 pct over
1985, said its prospects for growth were very exciting.
    The profit figure of 115.3 mln stg exceeded a forecast by
some 10 pct made during the hostile bid by Dixons Group Plc
&lt;DXNS.L> last year and the company said the results were a
major step towards the aim of making Woolworth the most
profitable retailing group in the U.K.
    It aimed to produce growth from all its businesses and look
for opportunities to acquire specialist retail businesses.
    Earlier this month the group said that tentative merger
talks with the high street pharmacist &lt;Underwoods Plc> had been
called off and recently announced a 19.2 mln stg recommended
offer for &lt;Charlie Browns Car Part Centres Plc>.
    The B and Q Do it Yourself centres raised sales by 31 pct
and retail profit by 37 pct, with its pretax contribution of
45.5 mln making it the largest single component.
    The company said that the improvement had been achieved by
substantial organic growth in existing stores as well as by the
opening of a further 29 new outlets and enhanced margins.
    In other sectors, the Comet electrical chain raised retail
profits by 46 pct to 17.4 mln stg, while the Woolworth chain
reported a 120 pct improvement to 38.7 mln.
    The company said its property operations would increase
substantially following the start of a joint venture deal with
developers &lt;Rosehaugh Plc>.
    The defence costs against the 1.9 billion stg bid from
Dixons resulted in a 16.0 mln stg extraordinary charge.
    The results were 10 mln stg up on most analysts forecasts.
As a result, the group's shares rose strongly, peaking at 865p
from last night's 842p before easing to 860p at 1155 GMT.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8708>
March Eight
    Shr loss 31 cts vs loss 47 cts
    Net loss 25.6 mln vs loss 39.4 mln
    Sales 398.1 mln vs 322.3 mln
    Avg shrs 91.6 mln vs 90.0 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr loss 44 cts vs loss one dlr
    Net loss 32.7 mln vs loss 84.4 mln
    Sales 1.36 billion vs 1.08 billion
    Avg shrs 91.2 mln vs 89.6 mln
    NOTE: Twelve and 40-week periods.
    Prior year results restated for change in method of
recognizing revenue on distributor shipments.  Quarter net loss
originally reported as 32.0 mln dlrs or 38 cts shr on sales of
328.9 mln dlrs and nine mth loss as 120.3 mln dlrs or 1.40 dlrs
shr on sales of 1.11 billion dlrs.
    Prior nine mths net includes 51.2 mln dlr gain from
cumulative effect of accounting change.
    Prior year net includes extraordinary credits of 1,100,000
dlrs in quarter and 3,300,000 dlrs in nine mths.
    Current year net both periods includes 15.0 mln dlr pretax
charge from previously-announced restructuring of Datachecker
Systems and Semiconductor Group manufacturing operations.
     
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8716>
Transnational Industries Inc said due
to continuing manufacturing difficulties at its AlloyTek Inc
jet engine component subsidiary, it expects to report a net
loss of about 300,000 dlrs or 12 cts per share for the fourth
quarter ended January 31.
    It said revenues for the period were about 11.9 mln dlrs,
about even with those of a year earlier.
    For the full fiscal year, the company said it earned about
775,000 dlrs or 34 cts per share, down from 1,402,000 dlrs or
76 cts per share a year before.
    The company said an unexpectedly large volume of customer
inquiries at its Spitz Inc simulation products subsidiary has
caused higher than expected business development outlays.
    The company said it expects significant contract awards to
Spitz later this year.
    It said it has started implementing a plan to progressively
reduce manufacturing costs at AlloyTek over the next several
quarters.  The company said it may move AlloyTek's plant from
Grandville, Mich., to a lower labor cost area.
    The company said it discovered the extent of the AlloyTek
problems during a year-end review of subcontracts and related
work in progress for production of jet engine components for
General Electric Co &lt;GE>.
    It said it will release annual results around April 15.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8722>
Sterivet Laboratories Ltd said the
board authorized a three-for-one split of its outstanding
common shares, subject shareholder approval at the annual
meeting.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8724>
Qtly div 10 cts vs 10 cts prior
    Pay May 25
    Record April 20
    Note: Canadian funds
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8731>
Shr 41 cts vs 30 cts
    Net 700,000 vs 526,000
    Revs 15.2 mln vs 14.7 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8732>
News Corp Ltd's Fox Television
Stations Inc subsidiary said it will pay an accrued dividend of
5.44 dlrs per share, not the 5.83 dlrs it reported earlier, in
connection with the April 15 redemption of 230,000 shares of
increasing rate exchangeable guaranteed preferred stock for
1,000 dlrs per share plus accrued dividends.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8733>
McCrae Industries Inc said it
raised its preferred dividend on its Class A common stock to 12
cts per share from 11 cts per share.
    It said the dividend was payable April 20, 1987, to
shareholders of record April 6.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8736>
Qtly div three cts vs 2-1/2 cts prior
    Pay April 15
    Record April Six
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8738>
Shr 47 cts vs 40 cts
    Net 4,399,000 vs 3,768,000
    Sales 76.6 mln vs 68.0 mln
    Year
    Shr 1.79 dlrs vs 1.84 dlrs
    Net 16,701,000 vs 17,159,000
    Sales 291.7 mln vs 269.1 mln
    NOTE: FiscaL 1987 year based on 53 weeks compared wqith 52
weeks a year earlier.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8740>
Shr 22 cts vs 14 cts
    Net 917,000 vs 553,000
    Sales 16.1 mln vs 13.6 mln
    Avg shrs 4,195,000 vs 4,090,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 70 cts vs 29 cts
    Net 2,852,000 vs 1,086,000
    Sales 49.2 mln vs 40.7 mln
    NOTE: Prior nine mths net includes gain 250,000 dlrs from
insurance payment.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8741>
Shr not given
    Net 328,000 vs 99,000
    Year
    Shr not given
    Net 1,694,000 vs 998,000
    NOTE: Company went public in February 1987.
    Net includes pretax loan loss recovery 41,000 dlrs vs
provision 50,000 dlrs in quarter and provisions 135,000 dlrs vs
50,000 dlrs in year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8742>
Ended Jan 31
    Shr loss one ct vs loss eight cts
    Net loss 25,800 vs loss 157,100
    Revs 2,323,500 vs 1,930,400
    Year
    Shr profit 19 cts vs profit four cts
    Net profit 401,100 vs profit 93,100
    Revs 10.3 mln vs 8,807,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8745>
Shr 90 cts vs 97 cts
    Shr diluted 82 cts vs 88 cts
    Net 42.1 mln vs 43.0
    Revs 379.3 mln vs 352.7 mln
    Avg shrs 46.8 mln vs 44.3 mln
    Avg shrs diluted 52.6 mln vs 50.0 mln
    Year
    Shr 1.58 dlrs vs 1.81 dlrs
    Shr diluted 1.50 dlrs vs 1.76 dlrs
    Net 73.7 mln vs 77.9 mln
    Revs 1.20 billion vs 1.16 billion
    Avg shrs 46.8 mln vs 43.0 mln
    Avg shrs diluted 52.6 mln vs 45.6 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8750>
Shr 24 cts vs 33 cts
    Net 347,000 vs 469,000
    Sales 16.5 mln vs 14.0 mln
    Nine mths
    Oper shr 93 cts vs 94 cts
    Oper net 1,327,000 vs 1,342,000
    Sales 48.8 mln vs 34.5 mln
    NOTE: Current nine mths net excludes 756,000 dlr gain from
termination of pension plan.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8761>
&lt;AB Catena>, in which AB Volvo
&lt;VOLV.ST> has a 48 pct stake, said it was proposing a
two-for-five stock issue that will raise the company's equity
capital to 420 mln crowns from 300 mln.
    Catena reported profits after financial income and costs up
to only 231 mln crowns from 207 mln in 1985, despite an
increase in sales to 8.54 billion crowns from 5.59 billion in
1985.
    The company said that its 1986 performance was best
reflected by earnings after writeoffs, which rose to 310 mln
from 221 mln in 1985.
    Catena's increase in sales was mainly due to the takeover
of Safveans AB in February 1986, which changed the business
profile of Catena. It had principally operated as a Volvo
dealer. With the Safveans acquisition it is now mainly a
trading and industrial company.
    In December 1986 Catena sold its share in the stockbroking
firm Jacobson och Ponsbach Fondkommission AB. This yielded a
profit of 386.7 mln crowns and was reflected in Catena's
pre-tax earnings which rose to 724 mln crowns from 204 mln in
1985.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8767>
Shr 23 cts vs 34 cts
    Net 2,091,000 vs 3,053,000
    Revs 203.5 mln vs 215.7 mln
    Avg shrs 8,967,719 vs 8,863,945
    1st half
    Shr 40 cts vs 69 cts
    Net 3,616,000 vs 6,111,000
    Revs 411.8 mln vs 418.1 mln
    Avg shrs 8,958,100 vs 8,850,656
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8768>
Geo. A. Hormel and Co said its
directors voted a two-for-one split, payable June one, record
April 18.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8777>
Sales proceeds 6.57 billion stg vs 8.81 billion
    Duty and value added tax 1.84 billion vs 1.60 billion
    Net proceeds 4.73 billion vs 7.21 billion
    Net profit 757 mln vs 667 mln
    Average capital employed 3.63 billion vs 3.71 billion
    Capital and exploration expenditure 644 mln vs 618 mln
    Cash surplus 423 mln vs 584 mln.
    NOTE - Company is wholly owned subsidiary of Royal
Dutch/Shell Group &lt;RD.AS>
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8784>
American Cyanamid Co said subject
to approval by its board it has changed the record date for the
quarterly dividend it will pay on June 26 to May 8 from May 29
to coincide with the record date for a two-for-one stock split
that was declared at the same time.
    The dividend on a post-split basis is 26-1/4 cts per share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8785>
Qtly div 25 cts vs 25 cts prior
    Pay May 4
    Record April 20
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8788>
Qtly div 26 cts vs 24 cts prior
    Pay April 30
    Record April 15
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8791>
The Hydraulic Co said its
board approved a three-for-two stock split of its common stock
and increased its quarterly cash dividend.
    It said the stock split will occur through a 50 pct stock
distribution on Hydraulic's common stock, payable April 30 to
stockholders of record on April 3.
    The quarterly cash dividend, payable April 15 to
stockholders of record on April 3, is to be paid on Hydraulic's
pre-split shares that are currently outstanding, the company
said.
    The dividend will be 54.75 cts per share, up from 52 cts
per share.It will represent a quarterly common stock cash
dividend of 36.50 cts per share on the share that will be
outstanding after the stock split, the company said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8793>
Shr 52 cts vs 49 cts
    Shr diluted 1.95 dlrs vs 1.99 dlrs
    Net 1,751,609 vs 1,622,503
    Sales 85.9 mln vs 85.1 mln
    Year
    Shr 2.10 dlrs vs 1.99 dlrs
    Shr diluted 1.95 dlrs vs 1.99 dlrs
    Net 6,822,493 vs 6,601,717
    Sales 347.8 mln vs 324.6 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8794>
Shr loss 64 cts vs loss 1.29 dlrs
    Net loss 5,732,000 vs loss 4,924,000
    Sales 18.8 mln vs 23.6 mln
    Avg shrs 9.0 mln vs 3.8 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 1.82 dlrs vs loss 3.65 dlrs
    Net loss 12,267,000 vs loss 13,911,000
    Sales 112.8 mln vs 129.3 mln
    Avg shrs 6.7 mln vs 3.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8797>
Southern National corp said its
board declared a three-for-two stock split, payable to
shareholders of record on May 22.
    A company spokeswoman said the payable date for the split
has not yet been fixed but would be shortly after the record
date.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8799>
National Semiconductor Corp
said improved results at its Semiconductor Group helped reduce
losses in the third quarter and nine months.
    In the quarter ended March 8, the group had a modest sales
increase and major improvement in operating performance
compared to the year-ago quarter, the company said.
    But results softened from the prior quarter because of low
bookings last fall for third quarter shipment and holiday
shutdowns, it said.
    The semiconductor maker cut net losses to 25.6 mln dlrs or
31 cts a share from 39.4 mln dlrs or 47 cts in the quarter.
    Losses in the nine months were reduced to 32.7 mln dlrs or
44 cts from 84.4 mln dlrs or one dlr. Sales grew 23.5 pct in
the quarter to 398.1 mln dlrs and 25.5 pct in the nine months
to 1.36 billion dlrs.
    Bookings recovered in the latter part of the third quarter,
the company said. Despite the improvement in order rates and
operating results year-to-year, pricing continues to be
"aggressive for many products," it said.
    Nevertheless, it expects the semiconductor business will
continue to improve this year. The Information Systems Group
will continue strong sales growth based on recent order trends
and new product introductions, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8806>
&lt;Berliner Bank AG> has suffered
losses of between 25 mln and 30 mln marks on credits extended
by its Stuttgart branch by bank officials who exceeded their
powers, a bank spokesman said.
    The spokesman, replying to queries about press reports,
said he could not rule out the possibility that the final loss
figure may be slightly above this range.
    Late last week the bank said only that the losses from the
credits in Stuttgart would be in the "double-digit millions."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8808>
Qtly div 10 cts vs 10 cts prior
    Pay May 22
    Record May 8
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8810>
Shr 24 cts vs 18 cts
    Net 359,000 vs 297,000
    Revs 5,724,000 vs 6,430,000
    Avg shrs 1,475,0000 vs 1,668,000
    NOTE: qtrs include tax gain of 147,000 vs 137,000.
    Prior qtr ended March 1, 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8814>
Shr loss nine cts vs profit two cts
    Net loss 397,000 vs profit 76,000
    Revs 3,763,000 vs 6,467,000
    
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8820>
&lt;Shell U.K. Ltd's> pre-tax profit on
exploration and production operations fell to 869 mln stg in
1986 from 2.12 billion in 1985 due to the fall in oil prices
last year, Shell U.K. Finance director Nigel Haslam said.
    But he told a press conference that due to the high
marginal tax rate on North Sea operations, the main impact of
the drop in profit was absorbed by a fall in taxation to 330
mln stg from 1.45 billion in 1985.
    The bulk of tax last year was Corporation Tax, with
Petroleum Revenue Tax (PRT) representing only 16 mln stg, he
said.
    As a result, post-tax profit from the exploration and
production sector fell by only 126 mln stg to 539 mln.
    Earlier, Shell U.K., a subsidiary of Royal Dutch/Shell
Group &lt;RD.AS>, reported an overall net profit of 757 mln stg,
up from 667 mln in 1985, on sales of 6.57 billion stg against
8.81 mln.
    Shell U.K. Chairman Bob Reid said the company's crude oil
output from the North Sea was at a record 373,000 bpd in 1986,
which would almost certainly prove to be a peak for the
company. Shell expects a fall in output of around 10 pct in the
current year to around 340,000 bpd, due mainly to the decline
in output from the major Brent field, he said.
    Gas output of 5.9 billion cubic metres and natural gas
liquids output of around one mln tonnes in 1986 are expected to
be maintained in 1987, he said.
    A final decision on development of the Kittiwake and Osprey
North Sea oil fields will be made in the next 12 to 18 months,
Reid said. The Kittiwake field, originally part of the 2.5
billion stg Gannet project abandoned last year when the oil
price fell, is now estimated to cost around 350 mln stg.
    Economies on development costs for the Tern and Eider North
Sea fields, which were approved last year, have brought the
cost down to 30 to 35 pct below the original budget.
    Day to day operating costs of the exploration and
production sector had been cut 10 pct last year, and the target
is to keep costs per barrel constant.
    The company drilled 17 wells offshore, with 10 leading to
the discovery of hydrocarbons, although it is too early to
gauge the commercial viability of these discoveries, Reid said.
    Restructuring of the downstream oil sector contributed to a
profit rise to 187 mln stg in 1986 from 91 mln stg in 1985.
    Jaap Klootwijk, managing director of downstream unit &lt;Shell
U.K. Oil>, said refining margins in the first quarter of 1987
were a "bit better than the very bad fourth quarter 1986."
    In November and December in particular, refining operations
had shown negative margins following the fall in crude and oil
product prices, he said. He expected margins to continue
generally positive over the summer, although they could dip to
become negative from time to time, depending on price
movements.
    A new catalytic cracker at Shell's Stanlow refinery will
now come on stream by the end of first quarter 1988, about five
months behind schedule, following a crane accident which
severely damaged the plant last year, he said.
    Profits from the chemicals sector rose to 33 mln stg from
11 mln after the rationalisation of the Carrington chemical
site.
    Haslam said the Budget announcement on PRT relief, by which
companies will be allowed to offset up to 10 pct of qualifying
development expenditure on certain future oil fields against
PRT, was "helpful," but rather less than had been hoped for.
    Reid said his estimate of crude oil prices this year was in
the range of 15 to 18 dlrs. If prices went much above that, he
would expect some over-production above OPEC"s official 15.8 mln
bpd output ceiling which would tend to bring prices back down.
    He said it looked as if the December OPEC pact to restrain
output was holding, bringing supply and demand into balance,
but the test will come in summer when demand for OPEC oil will
fall.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8826>
Shr nine cts vs seven cts
    Net 676,000 vs 509,000
    Revs 48.5 mln vs 39.9 mln
    1st half
    Shr 12 cts vs 17 cts
    Net 923,000 vs 1,248,000
    Revs 94.1 mln vs 79.5 mln
    NOTE:Current half net includes charge 500,000 dlrs from
reversal of investment tax credits.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8846>
K mart Corp said its board approved
a 17.6 pct increase in the quarterly dividend and declared a
three-for-two stock split.
    The company raised its dividend to 43.5 cts a presplit
share, up from the previous 37 cts a share. After the split,
the new quarterly dividend rate is equivalent to 29 cts a
share. It is payable June Eight, record May 21.
    It said the additional shares will be distributed June
Five, record May 21.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8858>
Shr 19 cts vs 14 cts
    Net 487,000 vs 344,000
    Revs 7,492,000 vs 5,883,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8859>
Shr two cts vs nil
    Net 20,406 vs 2,348
    Sales 6,191,000 vs 6,249,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8860>
Oper shr 28 cts vs 33 cts
    Oper net 1,647,000 vs 1,910,000
    Revs 19.7 mln vs 17.5 mln
    Nine mths
    Oper shr 82 cts vs 84 cts
    Oper net 4,787,000 vs 8,748,000
    Revs 55.9 mln vs 53.0 mln
    NOTE: Prior year net excludes tax credits of 29,000 dlrs in
quarter and 1,761,000 dlrs in nine mths.
    Prior nine mths net includes gain from sale of real estate
of 3,820,000 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8861>
&lt;Prudential Corporation Plc>, which
earlier announced a 62 pct rise in 1986 pre-tax profits, said
it had recorded its best general insurance result for six years
but had not reached satisfactory levels of profit in other
areas.
    Group Chief Executive Brian Corby told a news conference
that despite returning to trading profits, the International
division and the Mercantile and General division had not
reached satisfactory levels.
    But he said he welcomed Mercantile and General trading
profits in 1986 and was optimistic about both that and the
International division.
    The acquisition of the U.S. Life company &lt;Jackson National>
had a small effect in 1986 but its full effect would be felt in
the 1987 results, Corby said.
    The Group also intended to expand the number of its estate
agency firms bought last year, and hoped they will comprise
between 10 and 15 pct of total company profits in the future.
    "We hope they will be very profitable very shortly. We are
looking for profits from the estate agencies themselves as well
as the insurance products associated with them," Corby said.
    Prudential's pre-tax profits rose from 1985's 110.1 mln stg
to 178.1 mln stg in 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8863>
CRS Sirrine Inc said it plans a major
restructuring of its balance sheet that will include a
write-off of between 39 mln and 43 mln dlrs, most of which
would be intangible goodwill from the company's past
acquisitions.
    The company said the remainder of its write-off would
include a one-time expense for future costs related to early
retirement programs, office consolidations and an increase in
the general reserve for adjustments and contingencies.
    Bruce Wilkinson, president of the company, said the charges
to the company's third quarter earnings, for the period ending
March 31, would "significantly impact" third quarter results
but would not affect the company's cash position.
    "We expect to have the biggest operating backlog in the
company's history by June 30, 1987, the end of our fiscal
year," Wilkinson said. "We believe the action being proposed
will begin to contribute to improved earnings in the fourth
quarter of our fiscal 1987 and throughout fiscal 1988."
    The company, which is one of the nation's largest
construction firms, also said termination of its defined
benefit retirement plan would produce a pre-tax benefit of
about 10 mln dlrs due to overfunding of the plan.
    In its second quarter ended Dec. 31, CRSS had net earnings
of 800,000 dlrs on revenues of 82.5 mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8865>
March 7 end
    Shr 17 cts vs 23 cts
    Net 3,998,000 vs 5,317,000
    Sales 189.4 mln vs 159.6 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 64 cts vs 68 cts
    Net 14.9 ln vs 15.9 mln
    Sales 540.9 mln vs 464.7 mln
    NOTE: Twelve and 36-week periods.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8866>
Flowers Industries Inc said it
expects lower earnings for the current year due to operating
losses incurred by recent acquisitions and possible
nonrecurring losses resulting from its restructuring efforts.
    For the year ended June 28, Flowers earned 29.5 mln dlrs.
Today it reported nine month earnings of 14.9 mln dlrs, down
from 15.9 mln dlrs a year before.
    Flowers said it expects fiscal 1988, however, to show the
best growth in profits in its history due to the growing
profitability of ongoing businesses, cost control efforts,
higher productvitiy and lower taxes.
    Flowers said losses suffered in its West Texas operations
and in five plants acquired at the start of the third quarter
from &lt;CFS Staley Continental> and &lt;Wolf Baking Co> severely
hurt results.
    It said the CFS and Wolf plants are expected to be
contributing to profit by the end of the fiscal year and it is
seeking to bring the West Texas operations to acceptable levels
of profitability by the end of the fourth quarter as well.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8868>
Shr 54 cts vs 47 cts
    Net 1.1 mln vs 941,000
    REvs 8.9 mln vs 10.3 mln
    Year
    Shr 1.65 dlrs vs 1.64 dlrs
    Net 3.3 mln vs 3.3 mln
    Revs 37.4 mln vs 39.0 mln
    
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8879>
Qtr ends Jan 31
    Shr profit eight cts vs loss 38 cts
    Net profit 2,466,000, vs loss 12,691,000
    Revs 111.1 mln vs 106.8 mln
    12 mths
    Shr profit 20 cts vs loss 47 cts
    Net profit 6,591,000 vs loss 15.5 mln
    Revs 342.6 mln vs 370.4 mln
    NOTE: includes provision for store closings of foreign
operations of 3,897,000 for 1986 qtr, and 1,403,000 for qtr
prior.
    includes provision for store closing costs and unproductive
inventory of 1,000,000 for 1986 qtr, and 25.1 mln for qtr
prior.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8890>
Shr 63 cts vs 45 cts
    Net 3,623,067 vs 2,607,977
    Gross income 10.1 mln vs 10.1 mln
    Year
    Shr 2.12 dlrs vs 1.74 dlrs
    Net 12.2 mln vs 10.0 mln
    Gross income 38.1 mln vs 36.8 mln
    NOTE: Share adjusted for five-for-two stock split effective
yesterday.
    Net includes gains on sale of securities pretax of
1,860,213 dlrs vs 392,975 dlrs in quarter 5,023,401 dlrs vs
3,223,008 dlrs in year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8892>
Oper shr 11 cts vs five cts
    Oper net 248,000 vs 122,000
    Sales 7,269,000 vs 5,481,000
    Year
    Oper shr 55 cts vs 14 cts
    Oper net 1,288,000 vs 333,000
    Sales 26.2 mln vs 17.6 mln
    NOTE: Net excludes discontinued operations nil vs gain
103,000 dlrs in quarter and losses 82,000 dlrs vs 50,000 dlrs
in year.
    1986 year net excludes 133,000 dlr provision for loss on
disposal of discontinued operations.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8893>
2nd qtr Jan 31
    Shr loss three cts vs loss seven cts
    Net loss 352,000 vs loss 568,000
    Revs 636,000 vs 640,000
    Avg shrs 12.7 mln vs 8,377,000
    1st half
    Shr loss six cts vs loss 10 cts
    Net loss 594,000 vs loss 865,000
    Revs 1,245,000 vs 1,063,000
    Avg shrs 10.5 mln vs 8,333,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8898>
Qtly div 50 cts vs 50 cts prior
    Pay May One
    Record April 10
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8899>
Oper shr loss 20 cts vs loss 81 cts
    Oper net loss 1,042,000 vs loss 4,077,000
    Revs 38.5 mln vs 50.3 mln
    12 mths
    Oper shr loss six cts vs loss 43 cts
    Oper net loss 336,000 vs loss 2,176,000
    Revs 137.8 mln vs 209.1 mln
    NOTE: In item moved March 23, company corrects its error to
show loss for current 12 mths and qtr, not profit.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8902>
Standard Chartered Plc &lt;STCH.L>, faced
with a recession in the key Singapore and Malaysian markets and
an ongoing depression in the shipping industry, boosted its
bad-debt provisions in 1986, chairman Lord Barber said.
    Barber said in a statement on the bank's 1986 results that
bad and doubtful debt provisions, both general and specific,
stood at 545.6 mln stg against 416.6 mln at end-1985.
    Bank figures showed the increase was almost exclusively in
the specific bad risk provision, which qualifies for U.K. Tax
breaks. New specific provisions rose by 111.5 mln stg while
71.2 mln stg were reallocated from the general risk provision.
    In all, a 184.2 mln stg charge was made against profits for
1986, compared with a 100.7 mln stg charge in 1985. Total
pre-tax profits fell to 254 mln after 268 mln in 1985.
    "The continuing serious recessionary conditions in Singapore
and Malaysia and the depressed condition of the shipping
industry made it necessary to provide heavily against bad and
doubtful debs arising from loans in the Asia Pacific region, on
top of the normal level of provisioning," Barber said.
    He said, "the decision was also taken to build up loan loss
reeserves by making a sizeable increase in the charges for
general provisions for commercial and cross border risks."
    Barber said due to bad-debt provisioning, the Asia Pacific
region made "a negligible contribution to pre-tax profits."
    He said the profits contribution from the U.K. Businesses
was "well maintained, although the reported result was affected
by cross border debt provisioning," while Californian subsidiary
Union Bank "showed continued growth."
    "Tropical Africa, Middle East and South Asia all turned in
excellent performances and the revival in Europe continued," he
said.
    Barber said the group, which succesfully fought off a
takeover bid by Lloyds Bank &lt;LLOY.L> last year, strengthened
its capital resources during that year to just over three
billion stg, while total assets increased to 32.2 billion.
    Capital adequacy ratios remained strong, with the primary
capital ratio standing at 7.5 pct at end 1986, he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8905>
Net result breakeven (no profit or loss) vs breakeven
    Operating loss 836 mln francs vs 654 mln
    Net turnover 12.70 billion francs vs 24.34 billion
    Sales of petroleum products 9.7 mln tonnes vs 10.6 mln
    Note - Company said in a statement 1986 results were
affected by the sharp fall in crude oil prices. Net result
included an extraordinary recovery of 731 mln francs from
provisions for currency fluctuations and 361 mln francs in
depreciation of fixed assets. Company is a subsidiary of The
British Petroleum Co Plc &lt;BP.L>.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8908>
Qtly div 20 cts vs 20 cts prior
    Pay June One
    Record May 15
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8912>
Qtly div 11 cts vs 11 cts prior qtr
    Pay 30 April
    Record 15 April
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8915>
Shr profit one cent vs loss 2.6 cts
    Net profit 59,198 vs loss 132,702
    Revs 634,616 vs 485,730
    six mths
    Shr profit one cent vs loss four cts
    Net profit 49,669 vs loss 208,278
    Revs 1,056,452 vs 944,330
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8925>
Shr five cts vs nine cts
    Net 560,000 vs 1,247,000
    Revs 7,597,000 vs 4,619,000
    Year
    Shr ten cts vs 17 cts
    Net 1,225,000 vs 2,161,000
    Revs 26.5 mln vs 23.3 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8928>
Qtly div 64 cts vs 64 cts prior
    Pay May 15
    Record April 16
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8930>
Qtly div five cts vs three cts prior
    Pay April 10
    Record March 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8935>
Shr loss 27 cts vs profit one ct
    Net loss 532,376 vs profit 15,584
    Revs 1,899,719 vs 2,432,256
    Six mths
    Shr loss 78 cts vs profit two cts
    Net loss 1,521,002 vs profit 30,145
    Revs 3,235,907 vs 5,276,119
    Note: year ago net includes gain from tax carryforwards of
5,000 dlrs in quarter and 9,000 dlrs in year.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8940>
Eastman Kodak Co said it will
reduce capacity and employment levels in two polyester fiber
operations of its Eastman Chemicals division.
    A company spokesman said the company will take "some
writeoff" in connection with the action in the first quarter
and there will probably be a further "carryover" writeoff in
the second quarter.  The writeoffs will cover the costs of
plants and equipment involved, as well as expenses connected
with the staff cuts.
    Kodak said the division will discontinue production of
polyester partially-oriented filament yarn, or POY, at its
Carolina Eastman Co plant in Columbia, S.C., and will idle 100
mln pounds of older polyester staple fiber production capacity,
mostly in Columbia.
    The company said about 350 jobs will be affected in
Columbia, most of which are now performed by contract workers,
and about 225 jobs at its Tennessee Eastman Co plant in
Kingsport, Tenn.
    Kodak said part of the staff reduction will be achieved
through an enhanced voluntary separation and retirement plan
for employees of Carolina Eastman, Eastman Chemical Products
Inc and other Kodak units in Kingsport, except Holsten Defense
Corp. Most of the workforce reduction is expected to be
completed by April 30.
    Kodak said depressed prices and poor financial performance
have led to the decision. It said about 50 mln pounds of POY
production will be shut down as a result of its exit from the
business. All Kodak POY production has been at Carolina Eastman
since last year.
    The company said annual capacity for production of Kodel
polyester staple fiber will be reduced to 400 mln pounds from
500 mln due to lesser demand.
    It said it will proceed with a previous decision to phase
in a new 100 mln pound staple fiber plant at Carolina Eastman.
    Carolina Eastman employs about 1,350 and the Kingsport
units affected about 10,800.
    The company spokesman later said the charges will be
insignificant and will have no impact on earnings estimates.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8946>
Shr 4.11 dlrs vs 3.51 dlrs
    Net 2,091,000 vs 1,785,000
    Sales 38.8 mln vs 34.3 mln
    Year
    Shr 3.42 dlrs vs 3.57 dlrs
    Net 1,740,000 vs 1,815,000
    Sales 113.0 mln vs 104.1 mln
    Qtly div 25 cts vs 25 cts previously
    Pay April 30
    Record April 15
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8956>
Shr 33 cts vs 46 cts
    Net 1,350,000 vs 1,886,000
    Revs 150.1 mln vs 127.9 mln
    Year
    Shr 1.76 dlr vs 1.59 dlr
    Net 7,300,000 vs 6,567,000
    Revs 548 mln vs 510.5 mln
    NOTE: First three quarters of 1986 have been restated to
reflect adoption in 4th qtr of new pension accounting procedure
which increased net income in first three qtrs 204,000 dlrs or
five cts per share. Procedure increased fourth qtr income
73,000 dlrs or two cts per share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8959>
Calumet Industries Inc said it expects
to report a loss from operations for its second quarter ending
March 31, despite a strong unit sales increase.
    In the same year-ago period the company reported net income
of 366,953 dlrs, or 18 cts a share.
    Chairman S. Mark Salvino said the expected loss is
primarily due to depressed product prices not recovering the
increasing cost of crude oil.
    Salvino also said steadier crude prices and the reduced
rate of refinery production should increase product prices and
lead to a return to more normal profit margins.
    He reported that the 23 mln dlr HydroCal II system under
construction at the company's refinery in Princeton, La., is on
schedule and production will begin early in fiscal 1988.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8964>
The state oil company Petroeleos de
Venezuela ended 1986 with a decrease of 45 pct in income from
oil sales even though it surpassed its own export goal by
almost 100,000 barrels a day, Minister of Energy and Mines
Arturo Hernandez Grisanti said.
    Speaking to a news conference following the PDVSA annual
assembly, Hernandez said PDVSA's income from oil sales had
dropped to 7.2 billion dlrs in 1986, down 45 pct from last
year's 13.3 billion.
    Fiscal revenue from oil sales, which was estimated at 66
billion bolivares for 1986, totalled 43.5 billion, a drop of 34
pct which Hernandez said "had a very serious impact on
Venezuela."
    PDVSA's export volume averaged 1.508 mln barrels a day, of
which 658,000 bpd were crude oil and 850,000 bpd refined
products.
    The figure surpassed PDVSA's stated goal of 1.410 mln bpd
and the 1985 export volume of 1.371 mln bpd. But it was not
enough to cover the losses from a drop in the average price
from 25.88 dlrs per barrel in 1985 to 13.90 dlrs last year.
    The 13.90 per barrel price for 1986 was 1.01 dlrs higher
than the figure originally announced by the Central Bank.
Hernandez said the increase had come from a new accounting
system which included the results of PDVSA's overseas refining
and marketing operations.
    Consumption in Venezuela's internal market increased from
323,000 bpd in 1985 to 342,000 bpd last year. However,
Hernandez stressed that the government had managed to keep
gasoline sales almost constant at 164,000 bpd.
    Exploration by PDVSA led to an increase of 675 mln barrels
in reserves of light and medium crudes, shifting the balance of
Venezuela's reserves away from heavy crude oil. The country's
production capacity at year-end 1986 was 2.562 mln bpd, of
which 1.420 mln are light and medium crudes, Hernandez said.
     Venezuela's total proven reserves as of December 31, 1986
were 55.521 billion barrels, the fourth largest amount in the
world, Hernandez said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8965>
Shr profit 16 cts vs loss 1.40 dlrs
    Net profit 3,000,000 vs loss 6,570,000
    Revs 91.7 mln vs 66.9 mln
    Avg shrs 19,078,072 vs 4,708,896
    Note: Current year net includes nine mln dlr net gain from
settlement of litigation.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8968>
Qtly div 31 cts vs 31 cts prior
    Payable APril 22
    Record April three
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8969>
Shr loss 15 cts vs loss 1.12 dlrs
    Net loss 414,331 vs loss 3.1 mln
    Revs 73.8 mln vs 69.1 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 99 cts vs loss 1.69 dlr
    Net loss 2.7 mln vs loss 4.7 mln
    Revs 276.9 mln vs 290.1 mnln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8970>
Shr 57 cts vs 72 cts
    Net 2.7 mln vs 3.3 mln
    Six months
    Shr 45 cts vs 84 cts
    Net 2.1 mln vs 3.8 mln
    NOTE:1987 six months includes 790,000 dlr charge. 1986 six
months includes 679,000 net gain.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8971>
Imperial Oil Ltd, 70 pct owned by Exxon
Corp &lt;XON>, will focus on maintaining its financial strength
and improving near-term earnings performance through operating
expense reductions and selective capital spending, the company
said in the annual report.
    Imperial Oil said it expects to spend about 750 mln dlrs on
capital and exploration expenditures in 1987, compared to 648
mln dlrs in 1986 and 1.16 billion dlrs in 1985.
    Imperial previously reported 1986 operating net profit fell
to 440 mln dlrs or 2.69 dlrs share from 694 mln dlrs or 4.27
dlrs share in the prior year.
    Imperial Oil said the attention to earnings results from
the desire to pursue longer term growth opportunities should
the investment climate improve and the belief that low or
volatile crude oil prices could continue during the next
several years.
    The company also said actions initiated during 1986 to
restructure and improve efficiency should continue to show
benefits in 1987.
    During 1986, the company cut operating, administrative and
marketing expenses by 91 mln dlrs and reduced the number of
workers by 16 pct to 12,500.
    Imperial chairman Arden Haynes said in the annual report
that it is too early to determine whether the recent upward
movement in international oil prices will be sustained.
    "It is still a time for prudence and caution, and the
company's actions will continue to be based on the fundamentals
of market supply and demand," he said.
    Haynes said prospects for the company's petroleum products
division are more promising than before, but are still
uncertain. Imperial's 1986 petroleum earnings rose to 174 mln
dlrs from 102 mln dlrs in 1985.
    Haynes said more satisfactory product margins on its
petroleum products could result if demand recovers as it has in
the United States.
    The company's chemicals business outlook is mixed, Haynes
said. Prospects for growth in petrochemical sales is good as
long as economic growth continues, but future large grain
surpluses could dampen fertilizer demand and maintain pressure
on prices.
    Imperial's chemical business earned 17 mln dlrs in 1986,
compared to three mln dlrs in 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8972>
Shr 2.78 dlrs vs 2.55 dlr
    NEt 302.0 mln vs 271.6 mln
    REvs 2.0 billion vs 2.1 billion
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8974>
CPC International Inc said it reached
an agreement in principle to sell its European corn wet milling
business to Agricola Finanziaria SpA, a member of the Ferruzzi
Group, for a price in excess of 600 mln dlrs.
    The transaction is expected to be completed by September
30.
    CPC said it expects no material gain or loss this year from
the transaction. But the effect of the deal on 1987 earnings
can be evaluated in full only when the definitive pacts are
completed, it said.
    The long-term effect of the transaction on CPC's earnings
should be positive, it added, as it will allow capital
expenditures to be cut back and will reduce corporate and
divisional overheads as well as operating expenses in the
European business.
    The sale is an important part of a restructuring announced
in November, CPC said.
    Proceeds of the sale will be used to reduce debt incurred
in the purchase of the Arnold Foods and Old London specialty
baking businesses and the stock repurchase program that was 
part of the restructuring.
    As of December 31, CPC had bought about 15 mln of its
common shares, adjusted for a 2-for-1 split in January, for a
total cost of 621.8 mln dlrs, according to its 1986 annual
report.
    In December, CPC acquired Arnold Foods and Old London for a
total of about 170 mln dlrs.
    CPC had previously said it wanted to sell the European corn
wet milling business and use the proceeds to help reduce debt,
including that incurred under the share buyback.
    In total, CPC has bought back about 16 mln shares of common
stock, adjusted for the split, it said today. In November it
authorized a buyback of 20 mln shares, adjusted for the split.
    The buyback and the restructuring were triggered in
November, after companies controlled by Ronald Perelman,
chairman of Revlon Group Inc &lt;REV>, acquired about 7.6 pct of
CPC's then outstanding stock.
    In 1986, the European corn wet milling business had sales
of 914.1 mln dlrs, operating income before overheads of 68.8
mln dlrs and associated headquarters overhead costs of 19.7 mln
dlrs, according to CPC's 1986 annual report.
    The businesses' assets were 645.7 mln dlrs in 1986, the
report said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8976>
Shr 3.28 dlrs vs 22 cts
    Shr diluted 2.99 dlrs vs 22 cts
    Net 46.0 mln vs 3,328,000
    Avg shrs 14.0 mln vs 15.2 mln
    Year
    Shr 5.41 dlrs vs 1.56 dlrs
    Shr diluted 4.94 dlrs vs 1.50 dlrs
    Net 78.2 mln vs 25.9 mln
    Avg shrs 14.5 mln vs 15.1 mln
    NOTE: earnings per share reflect the two-for-one split
effective January 6, 1987.
    per share amounts are calculated after preferred stock
dividends.
    Loss continuing operations for the qtr 1986, includes gains
of sale of investments in Enron Corp of 14 mln dlrs, and
associated companies of 4,189,000, less writedowns of
investments in National Intergroup Inc of 11.8 mln and BRAE
Corp of 15.6 mln.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8979>
Oper primary shr 1.03 dlr vs 2.55 dlrs
    Oper diluted shr 94 cts vs 1.76 dlrs
    Oper net 15.2 mln vs 23.4 mln
    Revs 272.0 mln vs 232 mln
    Avg shrs primary 7,625,000 vs 5,534,000
    Avg shrs diluted 12.3 mln vs 10.3 mln
    Year
    Oper shr 1.06 dlr vs 3.17 dlrs
    Oper net 39 mln vs 56.1 mln
    Revs 830.2 mln vs 657.9 mln
    Avg shrs 7,490,000 vs 5,557,000
    NOTE: 1986 oper net excludes 10.4 mln dlrs for discontinued
operations.
    1985 4th qtr excludes a loss of 4,570,000 dlrs and
6,330,000 dlrs, respectively, for discontinued operations.
    1986 oper net excludes a 10.5 mln dlr or 1.40 dlr per shr
loss from early extinquishment of notes.
    1986 and 1985 oper per share amounts are reported after
paying 31.0 mln dlrs and 38.5 mln dlrs, respectively, for
preferred stock dividends.
    1986 and 1985 4th qtr per share amounts are reported after
paying 7,292,000 dlrs and 9,333,000 dlrs, respectively, for
preferred stock dividends.
    1985's discontinued operations are restated.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8981>
Shr loss one dlr vs profit seven cts
    Net loss 3.0 mln vs profit 349,000
    Revs 35.6 mln vs 49.3 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 2.87 dlrs vs loss 2.71 dlrs
    Net loss 8.4 mln vs loss 7.9 mln
    Revs 140.3 mln vs 169.2 mln
    NOTE:earnings reflect preferred dividend requirements, 1986
year includes one-time gain of 1.2 mln dlrs
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8986>
Shr 57 cts vs 72 cts
    Shr diluted 57 cts vs 66 cts
    Net 2,699,000 vs 3,250,000
    Revs 190.8 mln vs 195.9 mln
    Six mths
    Shr 45 cts vs 84 cts
    Shr diluted 45 cts vs 79 cts
    Net 2,092,000 vs 3,784,000
    Revs 304.2 mln vs 304.6 mln
    NOTE: includes a change in accounting for investment tax
credit of 1,408,000, or 31 cts per share, in six mths prior.
    first qtr 1987 includes non-recurring charge of 1,488,000
for company's abandoning of its plan to convert to a limited
partnership.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8992>
New Process Co said it declared a
quarterly dividend of 12-1/2 cts, the regular dividend it pays
during the first three quarters of the year.
    The dividend is payable May 1 to shareholders of record
April 10.
    Last year, New Process paid an annual dividend of 1.18 dlrs
by paying 12-1/2 cts a share in each of the first three
quarters and a fourth quarter dividend of 80-1/2 cts.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8995>
Shr loss 57 cts vs loss 30 cts
    Net loss 5.9 mln vs loss 3.2 mln
    Revs 5.6 mln vs 16.3 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 2.11 dlrs vs loss 95 cts
    Net loss 22.0 mln vs loss 9.9 mln
    Revs 29.3 mln vs 66.3 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8997>
Shr 72 cts vs 57 cts
    Net 4.5 mln vs 3.6 mln
    Revs 25.1 mln vs 21.9 mln
    Year
    Shr 2.47 dlrs vs 1.87 dlr
    Net 15.6 mln vs 11.8 mln
    Revs 89.1 mln vs 73.3 mln
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8999>
Oper shr loss one ct vs loss four cts
    Oper net loss 336,000 vs profit 2,631,000
    Revs 237.2 mln vs 382.3 mln
    Avg shrs 47.4 mln vs 16.5 mln
    Year
    Oper shr profit 21 cts vs profit 12 cts
    Oper profit 9,922,000 vs profit 15.1 mln
    Revs 1.1 billion vs 1.6 billion
    Avg shrs 47.4 mln vs 16.5 mln
    NOTE: 1986 4th qtr and year oper net excludes a gain of
28.6 mln dlrs and 28.5 mln dlrs or 60 cts per share,
respectively, for discontinued operations.
    1986 4th qtr and year oper net excludes a gain of 90.5 mln
dlrs or 1.91 dlr per share and 114.8 mln dlrs or 2.42 dlrs per
share, respectively, mainly for settlement of dioxin-related
claims in reorganization proceedings.
    1985 4th qtr and year oper net excludes a loss of 41.2 mln
dlrs or 2.51 dlrs per share and a loss of 36.3 mln dlrs or 2.21
dlrs per share, respectively, for discontinued operations.
    1985 4th qtr and year oper net excludes a gain of 25.6 mln
dlrs or 1.56 dlr per share and 29.4 mln dlrs or 1.79 dlrs per
share for settlement of claims and utilization of tax loss
carryforward.
    1985 year oper net also excludes a loss of seven mln dlrs
for change in inventory evaluation method.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9003>
Shr loss seven cts vs profit five cts
    Net loss 149,421 vs profit 103,120
    Sales 1,698,345 vs 1,920,010
    Six Mths
    Shr loss five cts vs profit nine cts
    Net loss 100,472 vs profit 191,614
    Sales 3,836,794 vs 3,650,322
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9029>
Shr three cts vs 11 cts
    Net 126,000 vs 434,000
    Revs 84.0 mln vs 80.2 mln
    Avg shrs 4,948,731 vs 3,870,511
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9030>
Bull and Bear Group A said it lowered
its monthly dividends on three of its funds.
    It said it lowered its Tax Free Income Fund &lt;BLTFX> to 10.3
cts from 10.6 cts; its U.S. Government Guaranteed Securities
Fund &lt;BBUSX> to 11.5 cts from 11.8 cts; and its High Yield Fund
&lt;BULHX> to 14 cts from 14.2 cts.
    All dividends are payable March 31 to shareholders of
record March 25, the company said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9034>
Shr loss 56 cts vs loss five cts
    Net loss 1.9 mln vs loss 164,000
    revs 6.9 mln vs 5.4 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 1.15 dlrs vs profit 52 cts
    Net loss 3.8 mln vs profit 1.7 mln
    Revs 25.6 mln vs 29.8 mln
    NOTE: 1987 net loss includes loss 6.5 mln dlrs for
nonrecurring reserve for closing costs of facility, writeoffs
and sales of real estate.
    
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9036>
GenCorp Inc said it withdrew from
consideration at its annual meeting on March 31 proposals aimed
at providing for a stock split and an increased dividend so
that it could focus its energies on responding to the takeover
offer made last week by a partnership of AFG Industries Inc
&lt;AFG> and Wagner and Brown.
    In addition to proposing an increase in the number of its
outstanding common shares, GenCorp had suggested the adoption
of a classified or "staggered" board and the elimination of
cumulative voting.
    GenCorp said these proposals could "distract energy and
attention from the real task at hand -- to respond to the
tender offer in a manner which is in the best interests of the
company, its shareholders and its other constituencies."
    GenCorp said the proposal to increase its outstanding
shares was made with the aim of declaring a stock split and a
dividend increase.
    The other proposals, it said, would provide for greater
long-term stability and cohesiveness for the GenCorp board.
    The company did not indicate when it might resubmit the
proposals for approval by its shareholders.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9040>
Vermont Financial Services
Corp said its board approved a regular 20 cts per share cash
dividend payable April 25 to shareholders of record March 26.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9044>
Qtly div 10 cts vs 10 cts prior
    Payable May one
    Record April 15
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9048>
Citicorp expects net income in its
individual banking sector to top one billion dlrs by 1993,
compared with 462 mln dlrs in 1986, said Richard Braddock, head
of Citicorp's individual banking division.
    "We can double our earnings over the next five to seven
years," he told a banking analysts meeting, adding that this
forecast may be on the conservative side.
    He said that bank card operations and the New York branch
system would continue to turn in hefty profits but also picked
out other developing areas, such as U.S. mortgage and
international consumer, as major potential earners.
    Braddock and his sector heads made the following more
specific predictions:
    - Cost of funds and net credit loss levels in the U.S.
bankcard unit will taper off in coming years from 1986's
relatively inflated levels.
    - Customer net revenue in the mortgage banking area will
rise to 464.7 mln dlrs in 1987 from 374.3 mln in 1986.
    - The international consumer business will show 22 pct
compound annual growth in earnings between 1986 and 1992.
    - Private banking earnings will hit 100 mln dlrs in 1987
and top 200 mln dlrs in 1992.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9049>
Shr 35 cts vs 40 cts
    Net 2,642,000 vs 3,017,000
    Sales 19.1 mln vs 18.9 mln
    Six Mths
    Shr 69 cts vs 70 cts
    Net 5,178,000 vs 5,299,000
    Sales 35.6 mln vs 33.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9053>
Northern Indiana Public Service
Company said it again omitted its quarterly common stock
dividend which would have been payable in May.
    NIPSCO said it has not paid a qtly dividend since December
1985 following an adverse decision by the Indiana Supreme Court
denying amortization of about 191 mln dlrs NIPSCO invested in
its Bailly N-1 project.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9056>
Qtly div five cts vs five cts prior
    Pay June 15
    Record May 18
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9066>
Shr 37 cts vs 50 cts
    Net 2,776,000 vs 2,756,000
    Sales 46.9 mln vs 38.8 mln
    Avg shrs 7,508,000 vs 5,550,000
    Year
    Shr 58 cts vs 55 cts
    Net 4,021,000 vs 3,005,000
    Sales 125.9 mln vs 112.8 mln
    Avg shrs 7,090,000 vs 5,500,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9072>
California Microwave Inc said
it will take non-recurring charges of 9.7 mln dlrs to pre-tax
earnings in the third quarter ended March 31.
    The company said earnings from operations in the second
half, ending June 30, 1987, excluding the charges, are expected
to be in the break-even range.
    In the second half of 1986 net earnings were 2,297,000
dlrs, or 29 cts per share.
    The company said the charges relate to its
telecommunications products area and three other areas.
    California Microwave previously estimated the write-downs
in the six to eight-mln-dlr range. It said it will add to that
a reserve for investment losses in Argo Communications Corp.
    Also to be included in the write-down are charges against
its advances to an Arizona-based communications electronics
firm the company has an option to acquire, it said.
    In addition, accruals are being made for costs associated
with the company's reduction in its Sunnyvale work force.
    California Microwave said the write-downs should have a
nominal cash impact, as the company already has paid for the
assets being written down.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9074>
Shr 22 cts vs 22 cts prior qtr
    Pay June one
    Record May 12
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9091>
Shr 25 cts vs 21 cts
    Net 2.8 mln vs 2.3 mln
    Revs 135.0 mln vs 119.0 mln
    Nine months
    Shr 80 cts vs 70 cts
    Net 8.9 mln vs 7.7 mln
    Revs 407.7 mln vs 403.7 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9097>
Oper shr loss one ct vs loss seven cts
    Oper net loss 80,640 vs loss 787,738
    Revs 933,183 vs 3,346,627
    Avg shrs 6,122,378 vs 8,451,578
    Year
    Oper shr loss 75 cts vs loss 1.10 dlrs
    Oper net loss 5,120,206 vs loss 9,288,996
    Revs 5,846,962 vs 18,679,090
    Avg shrs 6,805,951 vs 8,387,802
    NOTE: Earnings exclude losses from discontinued operations
of 178,437 dlrs, or three cts a share vs 154,767 dlrs, or two
cts a share in the quarter and losses of 706,984 dlrs, or 10
cts a share vs 572,100 dlrs, or seven cts a share for the year
    1986 year earnings exclude gain from early extinguishment
of debt of 11,318,289 dlrs, or 1.66 dlrs a share
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9101>
Shr loss 44 cts vs loss 20 cts
    Net loss 2.4 mln vs loss 880,000
    Revs 2.4 mln vs 2.6 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 87 cts vs loss 11 cts
    Net loss 4.3 mln vs loss 494,000
    Revs 9.0 mln vs 12.0 mln
    NOTE:1986 includes restructuring charges of 2.1 mln dlrs
and loss of foreign affiliates of 2.0 mln dlrs. 1985 includes
loss from foreign affiliates of 173,000 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9103>
Shr three cts vs four cts
    Net 30,969 vs 18,230
    Revs 956,971 vs 702,994
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9111>
Qtr ended Feb 28
    Shr 17 cts vs 22 cts
    Net 2,041,000 vs 3,329,000
    Revs 46.6 mln vs 48.9 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 65 cts vs 82 cts
    Net 9,290,000 vs 12.7 mln
    Revs 142.7 mln vs 139.8 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9112>
Chapman Energy INc said it is launching
a major restructuring which, if not approved, it will have no
alternative but to seek protection under Chapter 11.
    Under the plan, Chapman will exchange securities and cash
for all outstanding 12 pct senior subordinated debentures due
2000 and will sell a controlling interest to Troon Partners
Ltd.
   The agreement with Troon requires Troon to advance 6.5 mln
dlrs partially secured by a first mortgage lien on the
company's interest in its natural gas pipeline partnership and
Troon to tender 100,000 principal amount of debentures to
Chapman.
    Proceeds of the loan will be used for the cash portion of
the restructuring. Troon will acquire a majority stock interest
and control of the board.
    In addition, Chapman and Troon will establish a 10 mln dlrs
acquisition joint ventures, it said.
    The plan also contemplates establishing a restructured loan
providing for one master credit agreement having an aggregate
balance of 22.4 mln dlrs.
    The plan also contemplates the recapitalization of
preferred stock whereby each share will be converted into three
shares of common stock.
    Chapman also said it also plans to negotiate settelment and
discharge of a substantial portion of its accounts payable and
settlement of certain litigation.
    If approved by various creditors and shareholders, the
company expects the plan to be completed by May 29.
    Chapman also repoted a loss of 43.4 mln dlrs for the year,
including asset writedowns of 35.5 mln dlrs, compared to
December 31, compared to a net income of 177,243 in 1985.
    The 1986 loss resulted in shareholders' deficiency of 15
mln dlrs compared to shareholder's equity of 28.9 mln last
year.
    Total assets decreased to 35.6 mln dlrs from 81.8 mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9113>
Shr loss 98 cts vs loss 1.11 dlrs
    Net loss 3,863,000 vs loss 3,483,000
    Revs 1,081,000 vs 799,000
    Note: 4th qtr data not given.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9115>
Shr 1.13 dlrs vs 87 cts
    Net 1,064,489 ca 780,712
    Assets 106.8 mln vs 102.5 mln
    Note: 4th qtr data not given.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9116>
Qtly div 15 cts vs 15 cts prior
    Payable May one
    Record April 10
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9117>
Qtly div 12 cts vs 12 cts
    Pay July 1
    Record June 12
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9127>
Shr 16.7 cents vs 29.4
    Final div nil vs same making nil vs same
    Pre-tax profit 21.31 mln dlrs vs 26.42 mln
    Net 10.84 mln vs 19.15 mln
    Turnover 17.17 mln vs 25.94 mln
    Other income 101.99 mln vs 125.18 mln
    Shrs 65.13 mln vs same.
    NOTE - Net is after tax 10.47 mln vs 7.27 mln, interest
2.58 mln vs 9.55 mln, depreciation 5.06 mln vs 7.61 mln and
minorities nil vs same. Other income: 72.39 mln from sale of
investments (103.04 mln 1985), interest 25.75 mln (21.49 mln),
and dividends 1.64 mln (nil). Co is 93.7 pct owned by &lt;Bell
Resources Ltd>.
    Note - All figures in U.S. Dollars as the company is
registered in Bermuda.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9139>
A strong performance by its retail
businesses and affiliates will enable Jardine Matheson Holdings
Ltd &lt;JARD.HKG> to report on Friday a big leap in net profit in
1986, stock analysts said.
    They told Reuters they expect the firm to show earnings of
between 420 mln and 450 mln H.K. Dlrs last year against 157 mln
in 1985.
    The analysts also said they expect Jardine Matheson to pay
a total dividend of 15 to 20 cents a share against 10 cents a
share in 1985.
    James Capel (Far East) Ltd estimates Jardine Matheson's
1986 profits at 450 mln dlrs and attributes most of the income
to retail sales.
    Analysts said the group's 7-Eleven retail stores and its
franchises, among them Canon cameras, Christian Dior luxury
goods and Mercedes Benz cars, produced a strong cash flow.
    Alan Hargreaves of Hoare Govett Asia Ltd also put Jardine
Matheson's 1986 net profits at 450 mln dlrs and said he
estimates pre-tax earnings from retail operations at about 465
mln dlrs against 339 mln in 1985.
    But Hargreaves said Jardine Matheson's earnings from its 35
pct stake in Hong Kong Land Co Ltd &lt;HKLD.HKG> will fall to
about 230 mln dlrs from 281 mln dlrs in 1985.
    The reduced contribution reflects the spin-off from Hong
Kong Land of &lt;Dairy Farm International Ltd> last September.
    Jardine gained a direct holding of 35 pct of Dairy Farm as
a result of the spin-off. Analysts said Jardine will book
revenues from its Dairy Farm stake for the final months of the
year as part of its retail business, which will increase its
overall retail income figures.
    Analysts said Jardine Matheson will also enjoy sharply
increased revenues from financial services, mainly its 50 pct
share of &lt;Jardine Fleming Holdings Ltd>.
    Jardine Fleming yesterday reported record profits for 1986
of 209.5 mln dlrs against 104.7 mln in 1985.
    Analysts said Jardine Matheson made net interest payments
of about 200 mln dlrs last year, slightly below the 213 mln
dlrs of 1985, while the company's term debt remained at about
the 1985 level of 2.7 billion dlrs.
    But Jardine was also subject to increased taxes of 340 mln
dlrs last year against 292 mln in 1985, they said.
    Jardine Matheson is undergoing a series of reorganisations
that will in effect turn it into a holding company for its
diverse interests.
    It previously announced a plan to sell its stakes in both
Hong Kong Land and Dairy Farm to newly created &lt;Jardine
Strategic Holdings Ltd> in which it has a 41 pct interest.
    A company statement issued last month said the firm will
use the proceeds to repay all debt, leaving it with an
additional 500 mln dlrs in cash on hand.
    Though Jardine Matheson will be deprived of a direct stake
in the high-yield Hong Kong Land and Dairy Farm units, it is
likely to develop its own business, analysts said.
    "The future of the stock will depend on the firm's ability
to creatively structure some new acquisitions," said Hargreaves
of Hoare Govett.
    He noted the firm has suggested financial services as a key
sector, and he said it may add some insurance firms to its
existing business.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9142>
China's first joint venture bank, Xiamen
International Bank (XIB), reported a group net profit of about
14 mln Hong Kong dlrs in 1986, the bank's first full year of
operation.
    General manager Liu Shuxun declined to give a 1987 profit
forecast, saying targets were under study.
    Assistant general manager Wang Hongshan said the group's
outstanding loans at end-1986 totalled 620 mln Hong Kong dlrs,
up from 530 mln at end-1985. Deposits and interbank borrowings
rose to 680 mln dlrs from 550 mln, he told Reuters.
    Liu said most of the group's profit came from the parent
company rather than its two wholly-owned subsidiaries &lt;Xiamen
International Finance Co Ltd> in Hong Kong and &lt;Luso
International Bank Ltd> in Macao.
    The joint venture bank began operating in September 1985
but did not officially open until March 1986.
    Liu said the share in the joint venture of the foreign
partner, Hong Kong-listed &lt;Panin Holdings Ltd>, had been cut
last year to 49 pct from 60 pct. This was done because foreign
banks felt the XIB's reputation would be improved if the three
Chinese partners collectively held a majority stake, he said.
    Liu said news reports about problems concerning Panin were
unfounded, but he did not elaborate. Panin Holdings reported a
loss of 1.99 mln Hong Kong dlrs in 1986 after a net profit of
268,000 dlrs in 1985.
    The Chinese partners are Industrial and Commercial Bank of
China, Fujian branch, whose share rose to 23.5 pct from 15,
Fujian Investment and Enterprise Corporation 17.5 pct (15) and
Xiamen Construction and Development Corporation 10 pct (10).
    One foreign banker said Xiamen International Bank faced the
same problems as foreign bank branches in trying to compete on
unequal terms with state-owned banks.
    The foreign banking market in Xiamen is thin and almost
saturated, he added.
    Officials of the joint venture bank said they benefitted
from contacts made through its three Chinese partners. But the
foreign banker, who asked not to be named, said it faced
internal competition from the Industrial and Commercial Bank.
    Apart from Xiamen International Bank and the International
Agricultural Development Bank planned by the World Bank and the
state-owned Agricultural Bank of China, Xiamen has eight
foreign bank branches or representative offices, mostly of Hong
Kong or overseas Chinese banks.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9158>
Shr "A" 138.9 H.K. Cents vs 97.4 (adjusted)
    Shr "B" 27.8 cents vs 19.5
    Final div "A" 44 cents vs 32.3, making 62 vs 47 (adjusted)
    Final div "B" 8.8 cents vs 6.5, making 12.4 vs 9.4
    Net 1.78 billion dlrs vs 1.23 billion
    Turnover 16.6 billion vs 13.7 billion
    Note - Net profits excluded extraordinary gains of 1.38
billion dlrs vs 59.1 mln. The non-recurrent earnings mainly
derived from the firm's sale of a 15.75 pct stake in Cathay
Pacific Airways Ltd &lt;CAPH.HKG> in April.
    Note - Earnings per share and dividends have been adjusted
for the firm's two-for-one bonus issue made in April.
    Note - Bonus issue one-for-five for both "A" and "B" shares
against two-for-one.
    Note - Dividends payable June 2, books close April 16 to
24.
    Note - Net asset value per "A" share 6.94 dlrs vs 4.81 and
per "B" share 1.39 dlrs vs 0.96.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9160>
Shr 53.51p vs 45.72p
    Div 8.8p vs 7.35p making 14.3p vs 12.1p
    Turnover 19.17 billion stg vs 17.05 billion
    Operating profit 1.48 billion vs 1.29 billion
    Pretax profit 1.39 billion vs 1.17 billion
    Tax 524 mln vs 430 mln
    NOTE - The company said shareholders would be given the
option of receiving dividend in cash, ordinary shares or
combination of the two.
    Operating profit includes -
    Commercial activities 1.08 billion vs 988 mln
    Financial services 263 mln vs 135 mln
    Share of associated companies 139 mln vs 163 mln
    Investment income 150 mln vs 166 mln
    Interest paid 238 mln vs 286 mln
    Minorities 76 mln vs 63 mln
    Extraordinary credit 75 mln vs 34 mln debit
    Transfer to revaluation reserve 85 mln vs 106 mln
    Profit attributable 793 mln vs 673 mln
    Required inflation retention 77 mln vs 147 mln
    Trading profit 1.51 billion vs 1.29 billion
    Trading profit includes -
    Tobacco 764 mln vs 738 mln
    Retailing 211 mln vs 186 mln
    Paper 217 mln vs 168 mln
    Financial services 282 mln vs 135 mln
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9161>
Swire Pacific Ltd &lt;SWPC.HKG> said it
plans for a one-for-five bonus issue for both its "A" and "B"
shares following an earlier report of a 44.7 pct jump in 1986
net profits to 1.78 billion H.K. Dlrs.
    The company also announced final dividends of 44 cents per
"A" share and 8.8 cents per "B" share against 32.3 and 6.5 cents a
year ago.
    It recorded extraordinary gains of 1.38 billion dlrs which
mainly derived from the sale in April of a 15.75 pct stake in
Cathay Pacific Airways Ltd &lt;CAPH.HKG> in line with the
floatation of the airline.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9175>
BASF AG &lt;BASF.F>
said net profit of its U.S. Operating company, BASF Corp, rose
last calendar year to 105 mln dlrs from 39 mln in 1985.
    Turnover rose by by more than one billion dlrs to 3.6
billion, the parent company said in a statement. The rise,
however, partly reflected the inclusion of the first full
business year of three acquisitions made in 1985. Excluding
these, BASF Corp turnover rose four pct from 1985.
    Acquisitions were the high-performance connecting materials
operations of Celanese Corp, Inmont Corp bought from United
Technologies and American Enka bought from AKZO NV &lt;AKZO.AS>.
    BASF said it expected a U.S. Investment of 240 mln dlrs in
1987, part of a five-year programme totalling one billion.
    U.S. Projects completed in 1986 included the second acrylic
acid plant in Freeport, Texas, a technical centre in
Southfield, Michigan, in which paint lines from automotive
plants can be refitted, and the new agricultural research
centre in Research Triangle Park in Durham, North Carolina.
    BASF said that work this year had begun in Geismar,
Louisiana, on plants for production of special amines and
polytetrahydrofuran, as well as for expansion of capacity for
producing tetrahydrofuran.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9177>
Shr 22.7p vs 20.3p.
    Final div 8.25p, making 11.75p vs 11p.
    Pre-tax profit 101 mln stg vs 92 mln.
    Attributable profit 45 mln vs 39 mln.
    Turnover 2.14 billion stg vs 2.11 billion.
 MORE
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9181>
Nippon Steel Corp &lt;NSTC.T> plans to
reduce its dividend to three yen in the year ending March 31
1987 from the five yen of 1985/86, a company spokesman said.
    The company estimated parent company current losses at 15
billion yen in 1986/87, including a gain of 95 billion yen from
the sale of securities. This compares with a 36.07 billion yen
profit a year earlier.
    Sales in 1986/87 are seen at 2,150 billion yen, down from
2,685 billion a year ago.
    Poor business prospects were attributed to the yen's rise
and slow world steel demand. Nippon is expected to report
parent company results in late May.
    Total 1986/87 crude steel production is estimated at 25.57
mln tonnes, down from 27.98 mln a year earlier.
    Crude steel production is likely to be below 1986/87 output
but forecasts for profits and sales in the year starting April
1 are unavailable yet, he said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9182>
A strong performance from all BAT
Industries Plc's &lt;BTI.L> major sectors enabled the group's 1986
pretax profits to pass the one billion stg level for the third
year running, Chairman Patrick Sheehy said in a statement.
    The group earlier reported a 19 pct rise in profits to 1.39
billion, which Sheehy said was achieved without any help from
exchange rate fluctuations or acquisitions.
    Good results were achieved by its Argos and Saks Fifth
Avenue in retailing and by Wiggins Teape and Appleton in paper.
    Tobacco accounted for about 50 pct of profit with a four
pct gain to 764 mln stg and a two pct increase in world volume.
    The results were largely in line with analysts expectations
and BAT shares firmed by two pence to 537p at 0955 GMT.
    BAT said the U.S. Brown and Williamson unit held most of
its 1985 gains and increased profit 18 pct in dollar terms.
    Financial services saw profits double to 282 mln with both
Eagle Star and Allied Dunbar achieving further growth.
    Allied Dunbar reported a 51 pct rise in life annual
premiums to 39 mln stg. BAT said it increased new business by
38 pct in the last nine months after a relatively slow first
quarter. Its permanent health insurance was now the market
leader and its Unit Trust group was now the second largest in
the U.K.
    Eagle Star general premiums rose 32 pct to 1.03 billion.
Its life activities also grew 39 pct with better underwriting
results in the second half.
    Cash flow was strong and the gross debt to equity ratio
dropped to 41 pct from 51 pct. The net ratio, at 26 pct, left
the group strongly placed to pursue its further development.
    Profits from paper and pulp grew 29 pct to 217 mln stg,
nearly three times the 1982 level, with Wiggins Teape's sales
rising 36 pct to pass one billion stg.
    BAT said in 1986 it had sold 88 BATUS stores in the U.S.
For 644 mln dlrs and sold Grovewood Securities for 142 mln stg.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9187>
Div 4.7p making 8.7, an increase of 13.9 pct
    Shr 16.3p vs 17.9p adjusted
    Pretax profit 37.09 mln stg vs 34.55 mln
    Net 22.12 mln vs 24.13 mln
    Interest payable 8.10 mln vs 5.35 mln
    Share of associated co's 6.88 mln vs 5.42 mln
    Turnover 1.22 billion stg vs 1.10 billion
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9189>
Shr net basis 24.8p vs 24.5p
    Shr nil basis 22.7p vs 20.9p
    Div 5p making 7.6p vs 6.5p
    Pretax profit 57.78 mln stg vs 50.61 mln
    Net after tax 37.47 mln vs 36.49 mln
    Outside shareholders interests 1.75 mln vs 1.32 mln
    Extraordinary debit 370,000 vs 1.93 mln
    Turnover 533.59 mln vs 555.81 mln
    Profit breakdown by activity -
    Electrical equipment 28.59 mln stg vs 27.60 mln
    Engineering 10.75 mln vs 11.13 mln
    Industrial services 18.78 mln vs 16 mln
    Corporate finance 340,000 vs 4.12 mln
    Making total pre-tax profit 57.78 mln vs 50.61 mln.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9192>
Babcock International Plc &lt;BABK.L> said
in a statement accompanying final results for 1986, showing
pretax profits up to 37.09 mln stg from 34.55 mln in 1985, that
overall further progress is expected in 1987.
    The predicted slowdown of the U.S. Automobile industry is
affecting the North American group although the improved
performance in the FATA European group during 1986 is expected
to continue into this year.
    In the U.K. Overall profitability will improve when the
Central Electricity Generating Board's ordering programme for
both nuclear and fossil-fired fuels starts.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9202>
Kloeckner &amp; Co KGaA, the
international trading group, said its 1986 domestic group net
profit fell by around 20 pct against 1985, adding that the
profit resulted largely from a writing back of reserves.
    The company, which gave no 1986 profit figures, posted a
domestic group net profit of 41 mln marks in 1985.
    It said the 1986 profit was made possible through a 40 mln
mark write-back of reserves that had been created to cover
possible price rises. These reserves were no longer necessary
because of recent declines in raw material prices.
    Kloeckner attributed the profit decline to the fall in
prices as well as the lower value of the dollar.
    It said it would pay an unchanged dividend on its ordinary
share capital, which is entirely in private hands and held
largely by family foundations.
    Kloeckner's nominal 100 mark profit-participation
certificates, issued in October 1986, will pay a likely yield
of around 10 pct. Holders of the certificates are entitled to a
quarter of the 1986 payment, or around 2.50 marks, the company
added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9206>
Swire Pacific Ltd &lt;SWPC.HKG> expects
continued growth in all divisions this year though it sees
problems in the marine sector, chairman Michael Miles said.
    He told reporters:"1987 has started well for Cathay Pacific
Airways which looks forward to another good year... Swire
Properties expects further good results both from properties
under development for sale and from its investment property
portfolio."
    He did not give any specific projections for earnings. The
company earlier reported 46 pct higher 1986 net profits at 1.78
billion H.K. Dlrs from a year ago.
    Swire also had an extraordinary profit of 1.38 billion dlrs
mainly from the sale of a 15.25 pct interest in Cathay Pacific
Airways Ltd &lt;CAPH.HKG>.
    Miles said the company will use the money to develop its
business, primarily in Hong Kong.
    Swire's stake in Cathay was first reduced to 54.25 pct from
70 pct when Cathay was publicly floated, and then cut to 50.25
pct when Cathay issued new shares amounting to 12 pct of the
enlarged capital to the state-owned &lt;China International Trust
and Investment Corp>. Cathay last week reported its 1986
profits rose to 1.23 billion dlrs from 777 mln a year ago.
    Miles said despite last year's rapid expansion in Cathay's
flights and fleet, load factor is still holding up at 70 pct.
    He said Cathay's growth last year was the result of "a
marginal increase in the revenue load factor coupled with
savings in fuel costs."
    "At present fuel prices are stable and will remain stable
for the rest of this year," he said, "though there might be a bit
of increase later this year.''
    Miles said Swire is not abandoning its offshore oil service
operations, even though the marine sector is generally
depressed. "Obviously the marine industry is not getting any
better," he said.
    The real estate market remained strong and Swire last year
revalued its property portfolio up 634 mln dlrs compared with
an increase of 864.4 mln dlrs the previous year.
    Miles said he expects the property market to remain firm
but said the firm has no available land for a major housing
project such as its Taikoo Shing development on Hong Kong
island now near completion.
    He said the company's 50 pct unit &lt;Hongkong United Dockyard
Ltd> is negotiating with the government for the development of
an existing petroleum storage depot into a major housing
estate. "But it's not as big as Taikoo Shing," he said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9229>
Shr net basis 21.4p vs 17.5p
    Div 6.1p making 9p vs 6.5p
    Pretax profit 37.2 mln stg vs 31.9 mln
    Net after tax 25.7 mln vs 20.3 mln
    Minority interest 700,000 vs 1.1 mln
    Extraordinary debit 1.9 mln vs 3.5 mln
    Turnover 827 mln vs 766.9 mln
    Note - The company said the sale of the minority holding in
OCL in 1986 has transformed the balance sheet and enables it to
accelerate development.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9231>
Oper shr 28 cts vs 1.16 dlrs
    Oper net 194,000 vs 1,255,000
    Sales 27.5 mln vs 30.5 mln
    Year
    Oper shr 2.68 dlrs vs 63 cts
    Oper net 1,880,000 vs 684,000
    Sales 100.5 mln vs 115.6 mln
    Avg shrs 700,086 vs 1,079,165
    NOTE: 1986 net excludes tax credits of 1,042,000 dlrs in
quarter and 1,603,000 dlrs in year.
    Net excludes discontinued operations gain 330,000 dlrs vs
loss 385,000 dlrs in quarter and gain 485,000 dlrs vs loss
2,692,000 dlrs in year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9232>
Olson Industries Inc said
it is in final negotiations on the sale of its remaining egg
operations and expects the sale to generate a charge of about
two mln dlrs against 1987 net income.
    The company said, however, that the sale will generate
substantial cash flow to pay off bank debt and improve working
capital, eliminate unmanageable effects on profits of the price
instability of the egg business and allow it to concentrate on
its plastics packaging business.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9235>
Shr 16 cts vs eight cts
    Net 4,834,000 vs 2,052,000
    Revs 34.9 mln vs 16.0 mln
    Avg shrs 31.1 mln vs 26.8 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 26 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 8,006,000 vs 3,310,000
    Revs 80.9 mln vs 34.5 mln
    Avg shrs 30.8 mln vs 26.3 mln
    NOTE: Share adjusted for two for one stock split.
    Current year net includes capitalized software costs of
1,295,000 dlrs in quarter and 3,701,000 dlrs in nine mths.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9237>
Shr loss 4.14 dlrs vs loss 19 cts
    Net loss 37.1 mln vs loss 1,712,000
    Revs 27.3 mln vs 33.4 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 5.51 dlrs vs loss 73 cts
    Net loss 49.3 mln vs loss 6,544,000
    Revs 109.0 mln vs 141.9 mln
    NOTE: 1986 net both periods includes 34.8 mln dlr
weritedown of assets of services segment and Southeast Asian
joint venture.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9238>
4th qtr
    Shr 15 cts vs eight cts
    Net 1,800,000 vs one mln
    Year
    Shr 51 cts vs 1.10 dlrs
    Net 6,200,000 vs 13.2 mln
    NOTE: Net includes loan loss provisions of 14 cts shr vs 18
cts in quarter and 24 cts shr vs 36 cts in year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9240>
Qtly div 17 cts vs 17 cts
    Pay April 24
    Record April 7
    Note: year ago adjusted to reflect March 19 three-for-two
stock split.
    (Washington Federal Savings and Loans Association)
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9242>
Rowley-Scher Reprographics Inc
said it expects to report an operating loss and a loss from the
sale of its Mid South Repro subsidiary for the year ending
MArch 31.
    Last year, the company reported earnings of 977,000 dlrs.
    Rowley-Scher did not disclose details of the sale of Mid
South Repro.
    It said the sale has eliminated an unprofitable operation.
    The company also said it will open two new reprographic
centers in the Washington/Baltimore area within the next three
weeks, brining the total there to 11, and a new downtown Boston
location in the same time period, brining the number in the
Boston area to four.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9250>
Shr 17 cts vs seven cts
    Net 4,678,000 vs 1,856,000
    Revs 110.5 mln vs 61.7 mln
    Avg shrs 27.0 mln vs 25.0 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9255>
Qtly div three cts vs three cts prior
    Pay April 30
    Record April 16
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9260>
Shr 32 cts vs 29 cts
    Net 3,320,206 vs 2,990,695
    Revs 13.5 mln vs 14.9 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9263>
Shr five cts vs 51 cts
    Net 2,300,000 vs 22,500,000
    Revs not given
    Note: Prior shr and net include 20.3 mln U.S. dlr gain on
sale of equity holdings
    Results in U.S. funds
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9266>
Qtly div 26 cts vs 25 cts prior
    Pay April 15
    Record March 31
    NOTE: One Valley Bancorp of West Virginia Inc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9267>
Shr 31 cts vs 26 cts
    Net 3,516,000 vs 2,972,000
    Revs 40.0 mln vs 36.3 mln
    Avg shrs 11.4 mln vs 11.2 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 89 cts vs 73 cts
    Net 10.0 mln vs 8,146,000
    Revs 116.8 mln vs 105.0 mln
    Avg shrs 11.3 mln vs 11.1 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9268>
NVHomes LP said its board declared
a two-for-one split of Class A units, payable to shareholders
of record on April 20.
    It said certificates will be distributed about two weeks
after the record date.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9270>
Shr 19 cts vs 10 cts
    Net 653,464 vs 287,606
    Revs 10.6 mln vs 7,600,000
    Year
    Shr 68 cts vs 46 cts
    Net 2,309,181 vs 1,408,813
    Revs 38.4 mln vs 26.0 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9271>
Mthly div 7.3 cts vs 7.5 cts in prior month
    Payable April six
    Record Marcxh 30
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9272>
Mthly div 8.5 cts vs 9.2 cts in prior month
    Payable April six
    Record Marcxh 30
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9273>
Shr 48 cts vs four cts
    Net 882,000 vs 82,000
    Sales 968,000 vs 784,000
    Six mths
    Shr 53 cts vs 11 cts
    Net 970,000 vs 202,000
    Sales 2,001,000 vs 1,521,000
    NOTE: 1986 net includes a gain of 26 cts a share from the
sale of a funeral home, and tax credits of 20 cts. 1985 net
includes tax credits of one cent in the quarter and 3.7 cts in
the six months period.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9274>
Shr 10 cts vs 20 cts
    Net 146,000 vs 230,000
    Revs 3,766,000 vs 3,271,000
    Avg shrs 1,458,000 vs 1,125,000
    Nine mths
    Shr 15 cts vs 58 cts
    Net 212,000 vs 653,000
    Revs 10.6 mln vs 9,561,000
    Avg shrs 1,458,000 vs 1,125,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9278>
Oper shr 32 cts vs seven cts
    Oper net 2,599,000 vs 550,000
    Revs 94.4 mln vs 69.4 mln
    NOTE: Net excludes tax credits of 1,405,000 dlrs vs
3,538,000 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9280>
Perception Technology Corp said
it expects to take a charge of about 686,000 dlrs or 19 cts per
share against earnings for the second quarter ended March 31
due to the bankruptcy proceeding of customer T.C. of New York
Inc.
    Perception said it has outstanding lease receivables from
T.C. of about 2,480,000 dlrs.
    It said the exact amnount of the charge will depend on the
extent of recovery of the leased equipment involved and on
arrangements that might be made with the bankruptcy court on
the equipment.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9284>
Horizon Bank said its board
declared a three-for-two stock split, payable April 21 to
holders of record April Seven.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9287>
Shr loss 1.44 dlrs vs loss 1.50 dlrs
    Net loss 10.1 mln vs loss 8,866,000
    Revs 122.3 mln vs 112.5 mln
    Avg shrs 7,671,855 vs 6,520,928
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9301>
Shr profit 1.17 dlrs vs loss 12 cts
    Net profit 11.3 mln vs loss 1,038,000
    Revs 104.6 mln vs 128.7 mln
    NOTE: Current year net includes gain 9,500,000 dlrs from
the sale of its specialty restaurants unit, charge 1,200,000
dlrs from addition to insurance reserves, 4,600,000 dlr tax
credit and 660,000 dlr charge from debt repayment.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9306>
Qtly div three cts vs three cts prior
    Pay May One
    Record April Eight
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9311>
Shr 40 cts vs 41 cts
    Net 1,979,000 vs 2,101,000
    Revs 67.7 mln vs 63.6 mln
    12 mths
    Shr 36 cts vs 20 cts
    Net 1,798,000 vs 1,034,000
    Revs 239.4 mln vs 233.2 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9312>
Shr profit one ct vs loss nil
    Net profit 200,052 vs loss 56,782
    Revs 2,394,198 vs 706,393
    Avg shrs 17.8 mln vs 19.8 mln
    Year
    Shr profit one ct vs profit one ct
    Net profit 258,125 vs profit 164,553
    Revs 4,225,731 vs 3,027,892
    Avg shrs 17.9 mln vs 19.5 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9313>
Qtly div three cts vs three cts prior
    Pay May 20
    Record April 20
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9316>
Shr 82 cts vs 76 cts
    Net 4,200,000 vs 3,954,000
    Sales 58.7 mln vs 60.6 mln
    Year
    Oper shr 2.68 dlrs vs 2.47 dlrs
    Oper net 13.8 mln vs 13.0 mln
    Sales 274.3 mln vs 276.8 mln
    NOTE: Prior year net excludes loss 1,120,000 dlrs from
discontinued operations and loss on disposal of 922,000 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9328>
Utilicorp United Corp
said it expects to report 1987 first quarter earnings of about
12 mln dlrs or about 1.12 dlrs a share and revenues of about
190 mln dlrs.
    In the comparable quarter a year ago, Utilicorp earned 8.5
mln dlrs or 87 cts on revenues of 203 mln dlrs.
    There are 9.6 mln shares outstanding this year, up from the
8.5 mln shares in 1986, Utilicorp's president Richard Green
told financial analysts here.
    First quarter 1987 results include one month contribution
of West Virginia Power, which became a division on March 1,
1987, Green said in remarks prepared for delivery to analysts.
    Higher earnings for the period reflected reduced operating
and maintenenace expenses and about 10 mln dlrs in rate
increases in Iowa, Minnesota, Kansas and Colorado, he said.
    However, Utilicorp's Missouri Public Service division is
experiencing the effect of a 5.9 pct rate reduction authorized
in September 1986, he noted.
    Of Utilicorp's total revenues expected for the 1987 first
quarter, about 43 mln dlrs will be derived from electric
operations and about 147 mln dlrs will come from gas
operations, he said.
    Operating income derived from electric operations in the
first three months of 1987 is estimated to be eight mln dlrs,
while the contribution from gas operations will be about 10 mln
dlrs, Green said.
    Green told analysts that Utilicorp received regulatory
approval from various states and the Federal Energy Regulatory
Commission to reincorporate in Delaware, effective April one.
    Utilicorp signed an agreement with Cominco Ltd of Vancouver
to extend the deadline to May 31, 1987, for completion of the
company's purchase of West Kootenay Power and Light of British
Columbia, due to a longer than expected regulatory approval
process, he said.
    Hearings were completed in February and a decision by the
British Columbia Utilities Commission on the 60 mln dlrs
purchase by Utilicorp is pending, he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9330>
Tseng Laboratories Inc said it
expects first quarter 1987 sales to exceed total sales for the
entire 1986 year, and said it expects earnings for the quarter
to grow at a faster rate than sales.
    Tseng posted total revenues for 1986 of 4,255,731, and net
income of 258,125, or 14 cts per share.
    Jack Tseng, president of the company, attributed the high
expectations to increased orders from major costomers, as well
as accelerated business from its growing reseller network.
    Tseng posted first quarter 1986 sales of 549,950, and net
income of 19,163, the company said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9333>
Shr 11 cts vs five cts
    Net 656,000 vs 314,000
    Sales 8,868,000 vs 6,499,000
    Avg shrs 5,823,000 vs 5,705,000
    1st half
    Shr 22 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 1,296,000 vs 795,000
    Sales 17.3 mln vs 13.5 mln
    Avg shrs 5,809,000 vs 5,973,000
    NOTE: Share adjusted for five-for-four split in February
1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9334>
Shr loss two cts vs profit six cts
    Net loss 103,000 vs profit 319,000
    Revs 4,357,000 vs 6,494,000
    Avg shrs 5,415,185 vs 5,646,185
    Year
    Shr profit 22 cts vs profit 10 cts
    Net profit 1,236,000 vs profit 570,000
    Revs 22.2 mln vs 24.8 mln
    Avg shrs 5,638,596 vs 5,646,185
    NOTE: 1986 net includes tax credits of 30,400 dlrs in
quartger and 58,000 dlrs in year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9335>
Qtly div five cts vs five cts prior
    Pay April 30
    Record April 10
    NOTE: B.F. Saul Real Estate Investment Trust.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9337>
Maytag Co said it expects capital
spending in 1987 to increase to about 60 mln dlrs from 49 mln
dlrs in 1986.
    Maytag chairman and chief executive officer Daniel Krumm
said the company plans a "significant" investment at its
Admiral refrigerator plant in Galesburg, Ill., as well as
continued spending for product improvement and increased
efficiency at other Maytag facilities.
    Earlier, the company reported 1986 net income of 111.2 mln
dlrs, or 2.57 per share, versus net income of 124.9 mln dlrs,
or 2.89 dlrs a share, in 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9339>
Oper shr seven cts vs loss nil
    Oper net 988,000 vs loss 52,000
    Revs 2,267,000 vs 791,000
    NOTE: Net excludes gains from discontinued operations of
65,000 dlrs vs 75,000 dlrs.
    Current year net includes gain 1,025,000 dlrs from sale of
cellular telephone investment.
    Prior year figures restated for discontinued operations.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9346>
Shr 12 cts vs eight cts
    Net 1,440,000 vs 830,000
    Revs 15.9 mln vs 11.2 mln
    Avg shrs 12,342,000 vs 10,826,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9352>
Tricentrol Plc &lt;TCT.L> said it will
concentrate most of its efforts this year on its proven oil and
gas reserves in order to maximise benefits to shareholders in
the mid to long-term.
    It said in a statement "We are confident that substantial
development funds will be available to Tricentrol and that we
will be able to minimise further disposal of our interests."
    Tricentrol wrote off 57.5 mln stg on the reorganisation of
its North American operations last year, when oil prices
plunged. The group incurred a 1986 net loss of 3.7 mln stg
against a 25.4 mln profit the previous year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9354>
Qtrly div 41.5 cts vs 41.5 cts prior
    Pay May One
    Record April 6
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9364>
Feb 28 end
    Shr 18 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 1,541,000 vs 1,122,000
    Sales 36.7 mln vs 33.5 mln
    Avg shrs 8,517,000 vs 8,441,000
    NOTE: Share adjusted for five pct stock dividend in August
1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9366>
Shr 19 cts vs 18 cts
    Net 362,692 vs 347,868
    Revs 6,311,808 vs 5,827,538
    12 mths
    Shr 60 cts vs 80 cts
    Net 1,152,746 vs 1,534,503
    Revs 24.7 mln vs 25.2 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9369>
Qtly div 35 cts vs 35 cts prior
    Pay April 30
    Record April 10
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9371>
Manny, Moe and Jack Inc
said its board declared a three-for-one stock split and raised
the quarterly dividend to six cts presplit from 5-1/2 cts.
    Both are payable July 27 to holders of record July One and
the
    The split is subject to shareholder approval at the May 18
annual meeting of an increase in authorized common shares to
500 mln from 40 mln, the company said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9372>
Jan 31 end
    Shr 45 cts vs 37 cts
    Net 8,349,000 vs 6,187,000
    Sales 126.7 mln vs 103.7 mln
    Year
    Shr 1.55 dlrs vs 1.29 dlrs
    Net 28.1 mln vs 21.1 mln
    Sales 485.9 mln vs 388.9 mln
    NOTE: Latest year net includes three cts shr gain from sale
of assets.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9373>
Hovnanian Enterprises Inc said the
company's earnings for year would exceed the 1.65 dlrs a share
previously announced and could go as high as 1.75 dlrs for
fiscal year ended  Feb 28, 1987.
    The company posted net earnings of 11.5 mln dlrs, or 1.72
dlrs per share, on revenues of 199.3 mln dlrs for fiscal year
1986. These figures reflect two three-for-two stock splits in
March and August 1986.
    At the Annual Drexel Burnham Lambert Construction
Conference here, Hovnanian executive vice presidnt Ara
Hovnanian said the company expects an earnings range of between
2.35 dlrs and 2.55 dlrs per share for fiscal 1988.
    Total revenues for the year ending Feb 29, 1988, should be
between 320 mln and 350 mln, he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9378>
Shr 23 cts vs not reported
    Net 282,000 vs 1,000
    Sales 18.6 mln vs 18.7 mln
    Six mths
    Shr 48 cts vs 17 cts
    Net 583,000 vs 213,000
    Sales 37.8 mln vs 37.5 mln
   NOTE: 1987 six months net includes a loss from discontinued
operations equal to two cts a share.
    1986 net includes losses from discontinued operations of
four cts in the quarter and six cts in the six months.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9383>
TCBY Enterprises Inc said its
board has approved a three-for-two split of its common stock
with a distribution to be made on April 24 to stockholders of
record on April 9.
    The split will increase the number of outstanding shares to
over 26 mln from about 17.3 mln shares now, the company said.
    TCBY Enetrprises is a franchisor and operator of retail
stores specializing in frozen yogurt-related treats.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9385>
Qtly div 45 cts vs 45 cts prior
    Pay April 30
    Record April 10
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9388>
P.H. Glatfelter said its
board increased its quarterly dividend on its common stock to
14 cts per share, from 12.5 cts per share the prior quarter.
    It said the dividend is payable May 1, 1987, to
shareholders of record April 15, 1987.
    In addition, the company said it authorized the repurchase
of up to an additional one mln shares of its common stock.
    On March 27, 1985, the board had authorized the repurchase
of up to two mln shares, as adjusted for a two-for-one split,
effected in April 1986, the company said.
    The company said 521,508 shares may still be repurchased
under the 1985 authorization. It added any shares repurchased
would be added to the treasury and will be available for future
issuance.
    The company said it has no present plans to issue any of
the shares which may be repurchased. The company said it
presently has 24,614,352 common shares outstanding.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9389>
Shr loss 19 cts vs profit 57 cts
    Net loss 103,005 vs profit 319,344
    Year
    Shr profit 22 cts vs profit 10 cts
    Net profit 1,236,347 vs profit 570,222
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9399>
Shr loss 1.30 dlrs vs profit 29 cts
    Net loss 33.4 mln vs profit 7,386,000
    Sales 168.2 mln vs 128.4 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 1.61 dlrs vs profit 30 cts
    Net loss 41.4 mln vs profit 7,055,000
    Sales 527.5 mln vs 366.7 mln
    NOTE: Latest year net both periods includes 39.4 mln dlr
provision for closing 25 underperforming stores.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9403>
Navistar International Corp chairman
Donald Lennox repeated that benefits from recapitalization are
likely to boost future earnings for fiscal 1987.
    Lennox told the annual meeting that future quarterly and
full year earnings from ongoing operations should be
"significantly above 1986 results."
    In his remarks, Lennox said management has no plans to
recommend reinstatement of the company's common stock dividend
in the foreseeable future.
    He said the outlook for the medium duty truck market
continues to point to little or no change. But recent order
receipts indicate a "firmer tone in the heavy duty truck
segment," which could result in a five to eight pct increase in
industry shipments for the full year, he said.
    After restructuring under the holding company format, the
company's present truck and engine subsidiary will be known as
Navistar International Transportation Corp. Neil Springer
currently president and chief operating officer of Navistar
International was named chairman of the new subsidiary.
    James Cotting, now vice chairman and chief financial
officer, was named to succeed Lennox as chairman and chief
executive officer of Navistar International Corp. Lennox will
retire March 31.
    Shareholders at the meeting approved a change in the
company's structure to a holding company format, to be
effective April 1.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9405>
1st qtr Feb 28 end
    Shr 18 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 1,541,000 vs 1,122,000
    Sales 39.7 mln vs 33.5 mln
    Avg shrs 8,517,000 vs 8,441,000
    NOTE: Share adjusted for five pct stock dividend in August
1986.
    Company corrects current year sales.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9408>
BAT Industries Plc &lt;BTI.L> 1986 results,
which were at the upper end of market expectations, showed the
company was in a strong position and that its shares were
probably undervalued, share analysts said.
    BAT shares were down at 524p in late afternoon trading
after a previous 535p close. They touched a high of 538p
earlier on news of a 19 pct rise in annual profits to 1.39
billion pre-tax.
    Stock market analysts said today's generally weak stock
market plus unwinding of positions after heavy buying of BAT
shares in the run-up to the results caused the fall in the
share price.
    "In the current market, people almost expect companies to
beat expectations," said one analyst, adding that pretax profits
of 1.35 to 1.40 billion stg had been forecast.
    BAT's 1986 figure of 1.39 billion stg compared with a 1985
pretax profit of 1.17 billion.
    Brokers noted that BAT's shift away from its
underperforming industries and the decreasing share of the
tobacco portion of the group were seen as good signs.
    BAT Chairman Patrick Sheehy told a news conference that the
tobacco sector of the company had declined to 50 pct from 74
pct four years ago.
    Sheehy said he could see the tobacco portion of the company
declining further as other sectors increased in importance.
    He said BAT was looking to expand in the area of financial
services, in particular in the U.S.
    Sheehy also said the group had "no sizeable acquisitions" in
sight in the near future.
    Analysts said BAT's increasingly good performance in the
U.K. Insurance area was encouraging.
    Its declining debt-to-equity ratio of currently about 16
pct also made it likely that BAT would soon be looking to make
major acquisitions, they said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9413>
International Broadcasting
Corp said shareholders at its annual meeting approved a one for
25 reverse stock split.
    The split will be effective after completion of filing
requirements, it said. New certificates will be needed, it
added.
    The media company said it currently has 40,950,000 common
shares issued and outstanding and, upon completion of the
reverse split, will have 1,638,000 shares outstanding.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9414>
BI Inc said it is implementing a
one-for-15 reverse split to shareholders of record today.
    It said any fractional shares will be redeemed for cash,
reducing its free-trading stock in public hands to 1,300,000
shares from 20 mln and its total shares outstanding to
1,993,000 from 29.9 mln.
    Shareholders approved the reverse split in October.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9417>
Net 105 mln dlrs vs 39 mln
    Sales 3.6 billion vs 2.6 billion
    NOTE: Wholly-owned by &lt;BASF AG> of West Germany.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9422>
Qtly div 67 cts vs 67 cts prior qtr
    Pay 30 April
    Record 10 April
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9425>
Shr profit five cts vs loss 18 cts
    Net profit 91,000 vs loss 355,000
    Revs 11.5 mln vs 11.7 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr profit six cts vs loss 1.45 dlrs
    Net profit 127,000 vs loss 2,846,000
    Revs 31.8 mln vs 34.9 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9427>
Shr 33 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 2,266,000 vs 849,000
    Revs 24.1 mln vs 16.0 mln
    1st half
    Shr 61 cts vs 24 cts
    Net 4,236,000 vs 1,619,000
    Revs 47.4 mln vs 33.5 mln
    NOTE: Share after stock splits.
    Net includes discontinued operations loss four cts shr vs
nil in quarter and loss seven cts vs gain one ct in half.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9428>
Shr loss one ct vs loss one ct
    Net loss 89,844 vs loss 85,731
    Revs 3,384,726 vs 4,646,285
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9429>
Shr 24 cts vs 13 cts
    Net 380,325 vs 211,183
    Sales 5,046,578 vs 3,941,764
    NOTE: Current year net includes gain from sale of Sterling
Heights, Mich., plant of 174,000 dlrs.  Another 698,000 dlrs of
gain from sale sale has been treated as deferred income.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9437>
Todd Shipyards Corp said it
omitted payment of the quarterly dividend on its common stock
and lowered the dividend on its series A preferred stock to 75
cts from 77 cts a share.
    Todd said the 75 ct preferred dividend will be paid May one
to shareholders of record April 15.
    The company said it omitted the common dividend to cover
both losses from a commercial ship conversion contract and
increased reserves for previously announced discontinued
shipyard operations.
    In addition, the company said its lenders agreed to
temporarily reduce the net worth requirement of its revolving
credit and term-loan pact to 140 mln dlrs from 130 mln.
    The reduction will hold through May 15, it said.
    Todd said the reduction in the net worth requirement
allowed for the payment of the preferred dividend and prevented
it from violating covenants of its credit agreement.
    The company said it is also negotiating with its lenders to
extend the reduced net worth terms beyond May 15.
    Todd added that it has suffered financially because of the
U.S. Navy's unwillingness to release certain retentions under
completed ship construction contracts and a general decrease in
U.S. military spending.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9438>
Imo Delaval said its board
declared an initial quarterly dividend of 14 cts per share,
payable April 24 to holders of record on April 6.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9441>
Shr 25 cts vs 31 cts
    Net 4,798,000 vs 5,380,000
    Revs 65.3 mln vs 58.2 mln 
    Avg shrs 19.2 mln vs 17.5 mln
    Year
    Shr 84 cts vs 89 cts
    Net 15,750,000 vs 15,191,000
    Revs 262.1 mln vs 215.8 mln
    Avg shrs 18.8 mln vs 17.1 mln

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9444>
Shr 10 cts vs five cts
    Net 512,000 vs 230,000
    Revs 16.8 mln vs 9,025,000
    Year
    Shr 55 cts vs 34 cts
    Net 2,662,000 vs 1,541,000
    Revs 57.5 mln vs 32.3 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9465>
Middle South Utilities Inc is taking a
conversative approach to formulating a new common stock
dividend policy, chairman Edwin Lupberger said.
    He told securities analysts that when the company's common
dividend is resumed, "the initial rate will appear conservative
to you by industry standards and in relation MSU's net income
and cash flow."
    "Our progress will determine how soon we can reinstate a
dividend to our common stockholders, he said."
    The company last paid a common dividend of 44.5 cts a share
in July 1985.
    Lupberger told the analysts that the company's primary
objective is "to create financial strength, enough strength so
that what happened to us and our stockholders over the past
couple of years never happens again."
    The company has faced regulatory challenges to rates
proposed to cover the cost of its Grand Gulf nuclear plant.
    He said Middle South's net income is expected to post
"modest growth" over the next three years.
    In 1986, the company earned 451.3 mln dlrs or 2.21 dlrs a
share on revenues of 3.49 billion dlrs.
    Lupberger said, "A good portion of the improvement
projected for the next three years comes from keeping the lid
on operating and maintenance expenses."
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9475>
Shr loss 19 cts vs loss 2.37 dlrs
    Net loss 1,140,000 vs loss 13,608,000
    Revs 1,069,000 vs 1,940,000
    Year
    Shr loss 53 cts vs loss 2.34 dlrs
    Net loss 3,012,000 vs loss 13,433,000
    Revs 4,945,000 vs 6,705,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9477>
Qtly div 14 cts vs 14 cts prior
    Pay May Eight
    Record April 17
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9478>
Shr not given
    Net loss 406.6 mln vs profit 35.4 mln
    Revs 138.1 mln vs 211.9 mln
    Note: 1986 net includes 545.7 mln dlr asset writedown
before 139.2 mln dlr recovery of deferred taxes.
    48 pct-owned by Dome Petroleum Ltd &lt;DMP>.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9484>
Asta Group Inc said its 50 pct
owned Liberty Service Corp affiliate has purchased about 50 mln
dlrs face value of credit card installment receivables from a
major financial institution it did not name for a significant
discount from face value.
    It said the portfolio consists mostly of charged off loans.
    The company also said it expects to realize a profit of
about 300,000 dlrs on its 25 pct interest in the Briarcliff
Manor condominium project in New York, with about 140,000 dlrs
of the profit being reflected in the year ending September 30.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9486>
Oper shr one ct vs two cts
    Oper net 30,000 vs 62,000
    Revs 2,315,000 vs 2,355,000
    Year
    Oper shr four cts vs nine cts
    Oper net 95,000 vs 204,000
    Revs 9,214,000 vs 9,950,000
    Avg shrs 2,492,000 vs 2,351,000
    NOTE: Full name is Arden International Kitchens Inc
 More
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9488>
Combustion Engineering Inc said
it expects first quarter earnings to be 20 to 25 pct below the
year-ago 13.6 mln dlrs, mainly due to financing costs resulting
from the January 1987 acquisition of AccuRay Corp.
    The company said it has filed for an offering of four mln
common shares and 150 mln dlrs of subordinated debentures due
2017, with proceeds to be used to refinance the short-term bank
debt incurred for the AccuRay acquisition, to finance other
costs of the transaction and for general corporate purposes.
    Combustion said 3,500,000 shares will be sold in the U.S.
and the remainder overseas.
    Combustion paid about 218 mln dlrs for AccuRay, a maker of
computer-based measurement and control systems used in pulp and
paper mills.
    The company said it expects to release first quarter
results in the third week in April.
    Combustion said it expects further restructuring of core
businesses -- particularly Lummus Crest -- this year through
staff reductions downsizings and the consolidation of
facilities.
    Combustion said the restructuring at Lummus Crest is
expected to substantially reduce but not eliminate this year
losses in the Engineering and Construction segment.
    But it said improvement at Lummus Crest is expected to be
approximately offset by a number of factors, including a
somewhat lower level of earnings in the Power Generation
segment than in 1986, financing costs of the AccuRay
acquisition, costs associated with integrating AccuRay
technology and operations and delays in waste to energy
projects.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9502>
Oper shr 15 cts vs 1.07 dlrs
    Oper net 372,000 vs 2,601,000
    Year
    Oper shr 80 cts vs 61 cts
    Oper net 1,952,000 vs 1,491,000
    NOTE: Net excludes realized investment loss 13,000 dlrs vs
gain 986,000 dlrs in quarter and gains 1,047,000 dlrs vs
1,152,000 dlrs in year.
    1986 year net excludes tax credit 919,000 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9503>
Qtly div 12-1/2 cts vs 12-1/2 cts prior
    Pay April 30
    Record April 17
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9505>
Middle South Utilities Inc will not
consider payment of a common stock dividend until there is
another ruling on a Mississippi Supreme Court order rolling
back rates at the company's Mississippi Power and Light Co
subsidiary, chairman Edwin Lupberger said.
    He told security analysts Middle South was close to
recommending resumption of the common stock dividend when the
Mississippi court ordered the rate rollback. Following the
order, he noted, the unit cancelled a planned sale of preferred
stock. Middle South has petitioned the court for a rehearing or
a stay of the order while it is being appealed.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9519>
Shr 31 cts vs 56 cts
    Net 13.7 mln vs 25.2 mln
    Sales 610.9 mln vs 575.9 mln
    Avg shrs 45.0 mln vs 44.8 mln
    Year
    Shr 57 cts vs 1.46 dlrs
    Net 25.5 mln vs 64.9 mln
    Sales 2.00 billion vs 1.92 billion
    Avg shrs 45.0 mln vs 44.5 mln
    NOTE: Current year net both periods includes gain five cts
shr from sale of Just for Kids! and Giggletree mail order
catalogs and charges of 10 cts shr from writedowns of assets
related to the closing of linens and domestics stores and
leased departments and of leased shoe departments.
    Year net includes LIFO inventory charges six cts shr vs two
cts shr.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9525>
Oper shr loss three cts vs loss four cts
    Oper loss 40,870 vs loss 39,827
    Revs 584,855 vs 727,432
    Six mths
    Oper shr loss two cts vs loss two cts
    Oper loss 24,311 vs loss 26,947
    Revs 1,246,992 vs 1,497,251
    NOTE: Current periods exclude net gain of 150,865 dlrs from
termination of retirement plan for salaried employees. Also
excludes gain of 83,100 dlrs from in current qtr and gain
90,400 dlrs in six mths from benefit of tax loss carryforwards.
    Company went public in September 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9530>
Qtly div 47-1/2 cts vs 47-1/2 cts prior qtr
    Pay 20 April
    Record 6 April
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9531>
Qtrly div 40 cts vs 40 cts prior
    Pay  Aug  14, 1987
    Record April One, 1987
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9543>
&lt;John Labatt Ltd> anticipates a good
fourth quarter and a new peak in sales and earnings for the
fiscal year ending April 30, president Peter Widdrington told
financial analysts.
    He would not make any specific forecast, but said he was
optimistic for further growth in fiscal 1988 in the company's
brewing and food products operations.
    Labatt's earnings rose to 92.8 mln dlrs in the nine months
ended January 31 from year-earlier 78 mln dlrs. Revenue for the
nine months rose to 3.20 billion dlrs from 2.70 billion dlrs.
    Widdrington said Labatt's three-year business plan, now
being updated, targets total sales of about six billion dlrs,
including 2.50 billion dlrs in the U.S.
    Labatt, Canada's leading brewer, has expanded in the U.S.
food products industry by acquisitions.
    Widdrington said Labatt's strategy for U.S. expansion
stemmed partly from its strong market position in the Canadian
food and beverage industry. The U.S. share of revenues for this
year will be about 35 pct, rising to 40 pct in fiscal 1988, he
said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9547>
Qtly div 45 cts vs 44 cts prior
    Pay May one
    Record April 10
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9549>
Columbia Gas System Inc said a
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission decision today on natural
gas cost recovery could reduce its 1987 earnings by about 1.25
dlrs a share.
    The company said "this could bring earnings for 1987 below
Columbia's stated goal of earning no less than its 3.18 dlrs
per share dividend." It earned 2.12 dlrs a share in 1986.
    It said management expects to recommend to the board that
the dividend rate be maintained in 1987.
    Columbia Gas said the impact of the FERC decision may be
offset by a one-time accounting change rleated to future tax
liabilities under the new federal tax laws.
    The company recorded these liabilities based on older,
higher tax rates, but an action being considered by the
Financial Accounting Standards Board could result in a gain of
about 1.20 dlrs a share in 1987, it explained.
    "Thus there is a good chance that we will attain our 1987
earnings goal -- although not in the way originally planned,"
Columbia Gas said.
    Columbia Gas said the FERC decision would limit the
recovery of certain gas contract costs by Columbia Gas
Transmission Corp, the company's principal pipeline subsidiary.
    It said the decision specifically excluded from a purchased
gas adjustment filing by the pipeline costs related to
amortizing payments made to producers to reform gas purchase
contracts. These were excluded on the grounds the subsidiary
failed to sufficiently support cost recovery.
    The company said its subsidiary is not precluded from
making a new filing to provide sufficient support.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9551>
Qtly div five cts vs five cts prior
    Pay May 13
    Record April 14
    NOTE: Company said up to 20 pct of dividend payment may be
withheld in accordance with Puerto Rico tax law.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9556>
Shr 79 cts vs 5.05 dlrs
    Net 5,628,000 vs 35,936,000
    Revs 41.8 mln vs 39.4 mln
    Year
    Shr 2.32 dlrs vs 7.24 dlrs
    Net 16,524,000 vs 51,541,000
    Revs 160.2 mln vs 114.9 mln
    Note:  Current qtr figures include securities gain of 2.1
mln dlrs, or 29 cts per share, vs gain of 34.3 mln dlrs, or
4.81 dlrs per share.
    Current year figures include security gain of 4.6 mln dlrs,
or 64 cts per share, vs gain of 41.5 mln dlrs, or 5.83 dlrs per
share.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9558>
Shr 27 cts vs 25 cts
    Net 6,416,000 vs 5,988,000
    Revs 112.2 mln vs 99.8 mln
    NOTE: 1985 includes extraordinary income of 647,000 dlrs or
three cts/shr. 1985 restated.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9560>
&lt;SNC Group Inc> expects 1987 earnings
to rise to 1.20-1.40 dlrs a share from 91 cts a share last
year, with revenues climbing to about 430 mln dlrs from last
year's 350 mln dlrs, president Alex Taylor said before the
annual meeting.
    SNC, Canada's second biggest engineering and construction
group, became the country's largest ammunition manufacturer
last year with its 90 mln dlr acquisition of Canadian Arsenals
Ltd from the Canadian government.
    The impact of that and several smaller deals will be felt
fully in 1987, Taylor said.
    Defense preoducts and other manufacturing operations will
account for more than half SNC's total 1987 revenues, helping
to counterbalance the more cyclical engineering and
construction acivities, Taylor said.
    Last year, SNC earned 8.7 mln dlrs, including a small
extraordinary gain.
    In 1987, a total manufacturing activities will generate
about 235 mln dlrs in revenues, and engineering and
construction about 200 mln dlrs, he said, adding that defense
products operations should be a major contributor to earnings.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9562>
Shr loss 10 cts vs loss nine cts
    Net loss 558,800 vs loss 469,200
    Sales 5.5 mln vs two mln
    Nine mths ended Dec 31
    Shr profit two cts vs loss four cts
    Net profit 91,045 vs loss 207,000
    Sales 17.3 mln vs 8.4 mln
    Avg shrs 5,465,433 vs 5,037,819
    Year ended March 31
    Shr loss 28 cts vs profit 19 cts
    Net loss 1,356,321 vs profit 818,723
    Sales 10.9 mln vs 12.2 mln
    Avg shrs 4,862,499 vs 4,683,591
    Note: Medar changed end of fiscal year to December 31 to be
more in phase with business cycle of its major customers.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9563>
Medar Inc said it
changed the end of its fiscal year to December 31 from March
31.
    The company, in reporting its annual results, said the
change was made to bring its financial reporting in phase with
the order cycle of its major customers.
    Medar earlier said it lost 558,800 dlrs in its final 1986
quarter, compared to a loss of 469,200 dlrs in the same 1985
quarter.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9566>
Ended Feb 28
    Shr profit one ct vs loss four cts
    Net profit 53,040 vs loss 255,568
    Revs 2,252,246 vs 755,605
    Six mths
    Shr profit three cts vs loss eight cts
    Net profit 217,884 vs loss 517,538
    Revs 4,895,720 vs 1,569,662
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9572>
Shr 29 cts vs nine cts
    Net 651,000 vs 214,000
    NOTE: 1986 net includes loss of 500,000 dlrs for
extraordinary item.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9576>
Shr 12 cts vs 30 cts
    Net 4,255,000 vs 11.5 mln
    Revs 199.4 mln vs 258.7 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr 64 cts vs 1.19 dlrs
    Net 24.4 mln vs 45.5 mln
    Revs 639.7 mln vs 824.3 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9577>
Shr 20 cts vs 20 cts prior qtr
    Pay May 14
    Record April 30
    Note: Full name Zenith National Insurance Corp.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9578>
Shr five cts vs five cts prior qtr
    Pay April 17
    Record April 3.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9580>
Shr 10 cts vs 10 cts prior qtr
    Pay April 17
    Record April 9.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9587>
Qtly div 10 cts vs 10 cts prior
    Pay May 1
    Record April 10
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9588>
Qtly 29-1/2 cts vs 29-1/2 cts prior
    Payable June 1 
    Record May 1.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9590>
Southwestern Bell Corp said that
its planned acquisitions of cellular telephone and paging
systems, including those of &lt;Metromedia Inc>, will result in
some initial earnings dilution and an increase in debt ratio.
    In a letter to shareholders in its 1986 annual report, the
regional Bell company did not indicate the degree of earnings
dilution it expects from the acquisitions, which total some
1.38 billion dlrs. However, the company said the rise in its
debt ratio will be temporary and will leave its debt level
within an acceptable range.
    In its 1986 yearend financial statement, Southwestern Bell
listed a debt-to-equity ratio of 43.4 pct, down slightly from
43.7 pct in 1985.
    In 1986, the company earned 1.02 billion dlrs, or 10.26
dlrs a share, compared with 996.2 mln dlrs, or 10 dlrs a share
in 1985. Revenues dipped to 7.90 billion dlrs from 7.93 billion
dlrs.
    Southwestern Bell said it expects the new tax law to have a
negative impact on its cash flow, due mainly to the loss of
investment tax credits.
    By mid-year, however, the company said a reduced corporate
tax rate should have a positive impact on its net income and
cash flow.
    In addition, the company said it is projecting a 1.7 pct
gain in customer telephone lines and a three to four pct
increase in long distance calling volumes.
    Southwestern Bell said 1987 capital expenditures will be
lower that the 1.97 billion dlrs spent in 1986, a year in which
expenditures were held below budget.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9599>
Nordson Corp said its board
declared a 3-for-2 stock split to be paid as a 50 pct stock
dividend on April 30 to shareholders of record April 10.
    As a result, the number of shares outstanding will increase
to 10.2 mln from 6.8 mln, the maker of industrial equipment
said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9605>
Shr loss 13 cts vs loss one ct
    Net loss 18,600,000 vs profit 3,300,000
    Revs 394.0 mln vs 351.0 mln
    YEAR
    Shr loss 21 cts vs loss 16 cts
    Net loss 23,300,000 vs profit 3,900,000
    Revs 1.36 billion vs 1.29 billion
    Note: Current yr loss includes reorganization charge of
15.2 mln dlrs vs yr-ago reorganization charge of 17.6 mln dlrs.
    Shr after preferred divs.
    U.S. dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9606>
Net 492,000 vs 677,000
    Year
    Net 2,650,000 vs 2,566,000
    NOTE: Company's full name is Indiana Federal Savings and
Loan Association. Per share information not available. Bank
went public on February 11, 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9610>
Oper shr loss 16 cts vs loss 44 cts
    Oper net loss 8,926,000 vs loss 14.4 mln
    Revs 9,920,000 vs 21.2 mln
    Year
    Oper shr loss 4.30 dlrs vs loss 2.24 dlrs
    Oper net loss 221.8 mln vs loss 53.7 mln
    Revs 51.4 mln vs 94.4 mln
    Note: Oper net excludes losses from discontinued operations
of 228,000 dlrs vs 4,253,000 dlrs for qtr and 10.4 mln dlrs vs
14.2 mln dlrs for year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9611>
Shr profit one ct vs loss four cts
    Net profit 53,040 vs loss 255,568
    Rev 2,252,246 vs 755,605
    Six months
    Shr profit three cts vs loss eight cts
    Net profit 217,884 vs loss 517,538
    Rev 4.9 mln vs 1.6 mln
    NOTE: Company's full name is Chemfix Technologies Inc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9612>
Qtly div 40 cts vs 40 cts prior
    Pay June 10
    Record May 27
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9613>
Qtly div 41 cts vs 41 cts prior
    Pay May 1
    Record April 8
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9618>
&lt;Fiduciary Trust Co International>
said its shareholders at the annual meeting approved a
five-for-one stock split effective May 15, 1987, to holders of
record on April 15, 1987.
    The company said the split would increase the number of
authorized common shares from 440,000 to 2,200,000 shares
issued. In addition, the company said it authorized another
800,000 shares, but would not issue them at this time.
    The company also changed the stock's par value from 10 dlrs
a share to 2.50 dlrs a share.
    It explained it transferred 1,100,000 dlrs from its
undivided profits account to its capital account in order to
raise the new par value from two dlrs, under the five-for-one
split, to 2.50 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9625>
Shr profit 25 cts vs loss nine cts
    Net profit 3,433,000 vs loss 1,310,000
    Revs 37.1 mln vs 39.0 mln
    Nine mths
    Shr profit 28 cts vs profit 27 cts
    Net profit 3,883,000 vs profit 3,908,000
    Revs 133.2 mln vs 132.0 mln
    Avg shrs 13.8 mln vs 14.2 mln
    Note: Current net includes gain on sale of 31 inns of
7,719,000 dlrs for qtr and 7,975,000 dlrs for nine mths.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9641>
Varity Corp, earlier reporting a full
year loss against a prior year profit, said improvement is
expected in the balance of fiscal 1987 as new products fill the
inventory pipeline, cutbacks in operating costs are realized
and its newly acquired Dayton Walther business is fully
integrated.
    However, operating results are likely to remain under
pressure in the first quarter ending April 30, it said.
    Varity earlier reported a loss for fiscal 1986 ended
January 31 of 23.3 mln U.S. dlrs, compared to a year-earlier
profit of 3.9 mln dlrs.
    Varity said continued deterioration in major markets, a
weakening U.S. dollar and unforeseen delays in launching major
new lines of tractors contributed to the full year loss.
    Industry demand for farm machinery continued to erode
during the latest fiscal year, with worldwide industry retail
sales of tractors sliding more than 10 pct below last year's
depressed levels, the company said.
    However, Varity increased its share of the global tractor
market by more than one pct to 18.2 pct, it said.
    The combined impact of costly sales incentives and foreign
exchange adjustments on margins was substantial, Varity said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9647>
Oper shr loss 31 cts vs profit three cts
    Oper net loss 887,886 vs profit 646,250
    Revs 9,724,418 vs 10.8 mln
    Note: Year-ago oper net excludes tax credit of 230,000
dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9652>
Shr loss 20 cts vs loss 26 cts
    Net loss 798,289 vs loss 777,667
    Rev 262,738 vs nil
    Avg shares 3,930,360 vs 2,959,029
    Year
    Shr loss 96 cts vs loss 1.25 dlrs
    Net loss 3,202,355 vs loss 3,060,407
    Rev 676,341 vs nil
    Avg shares 3,339,174 vs 2,445,423
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9671>
Qtly div seven cts vs seven cts prior
    Pay June one
    Record May four
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9678>
Shr 69 cts vs six cts
    Net 421,306 vs 44,132
    Revs 3,721,178 vs 3,125,935
    Note: Current qtr net includes a gain of 281,000 dlrs,
mostly from the sale of securities and property.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9682>
Shr 32 cts vs nil
    Net 1.2 mln vs 100,000
    Avg shrs 3,692,000 vs 3,148,000
    Year
    Shr 1.02 dlrs vs 54 cts
    Net 3.7 mln vs 800,000
    Avg shrs 3,607,000 vs 1,461,000
    Note: Net is after depreciation.
    Full name is Consolidated Captial Income Opportunity
Trust/2.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9706>
Engineering group Linde
AG's &lt;LING.F> world group turnover rose to 518.6 mln marks in
the first two months of 1987, 5.2 pct more than in the same
1986 period, management board chairman Hans Meinhardt said.
    But world group incoming orders fell 2.2 pct to 587.3 mln
marks, Meinhardt told the annual news conference. Excluding
exchange rate movements, world group turnover rose 8.9 pct and
incoming orders increased 1.0 pct.
    Linde expects satisfactory results and increased sales this
year but Meinhardt gave no detailed forecast. Domestic group
1986 net profit rose to 105.79 mln marks from 80.71 mln.
    Meinhardt said domestic group turnover rose 6.7 pct to
394.1 mln marks in the first two 1987 months against the same
period last year but incoming orders fell 5.2 pct to 456.6 mln.
    Linde will ask shareholders at the annual meeting on May 13
to raise authorised share capital by a maximum 30 mln marks
nominal for the issue of share warrant bonds with a maximum
issue volume of 200 mln marks. Linde's authorised share capital
currently stands at a nominal 49.6 mln marks.
    Meinhardt said the authorisation would give the company the
necessary flexibility in case Linde needed additional funds for
acquisitions. He declined to give further details.
    While world group turnover rose 7.2 pct to 3.88 billion
marks in 1986, incoming orders were barely changed at 3.91
billion marks. Meinhardt said without the sharp appreciation of
the mark against major trading partner currencies, incoming
orders would have been four pct above the prior year's level.
    World group turnover in heavy plant construction rose 7.4
pct to 777 mln marks, but incoming orders dropped 5.7 pct to
739 mln marks in the wake of the dollar and oil price plunge.
    World sales for technical gases rose 5.1 pct to 1.05
billion marks and incoming orders gained 5.2 pct to 1.05
billion marks.
    Meinhardt said Linde strengthened its market position in
the refrigeration sector, with particularly strong turnover and
order gains in Austria, Italy and Norway. World group sales in
the sector fell 2.5 pct to 493 mln marks, but incoming orders
rose 2.5 pct to 513 mln marks.
    The fork lift truck and hydraulic sector saw world group
sales rising 12.4 pct to 1.52 billion marks and incoming orders
gaining 8.0 pct to 1.57 billion marks.
    Domestic group turnover rose 8.2 pct to 2.93 billion marks
and incoming orders increased 1.9 pct to 2.92 billion marks.
The company was producing at full capacity in 1986.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9707>
Domestic group net profit 105.79 mln marks vs 80.71 mln
    Turnover 2.93 billion marks vs 2.71 billion
    Incoming orders 2.92 billion marks vs 2.86 billion
    Order book at end December 2.28 billion vs 2.37 billion
    Tax payments 104.98 mln marks vs 88.67 mln
    Depreciation of fixed assets 107.25 mln marks vs 150.75 mln
    New investment in fixed assets 148.88 mln vs 148.22 mln
    Dividend already announced 12 marks vs 11
    DVFA earnings per share 32.22 marks vs 27.54 marks
    Shareholders annual meeting May 13, dividend date May 14
    World group turnover 3.88 billion marks vs 3.62 billion
    Incoming orders 3.91 billion marks vs 3.91 billion
    New investment in fixed assets 247 mln marks vs 252 mln
    No world group profit figures given
    Parent company net profits 95.04 mln marks vs 74.91 mln
    Turnover 2.28 billion marks vs 2.14 billion
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9728>
Year ended December 31.
    World group pretax profit 3.21 billion marks vs 3.16
billion.
    Turnover 38.01 billion marks vs 42.72 billion.
    World group turnover comprised domestic sales 10.83 billion
vs 10.80 billion, foreign sales 27.18 billion vs 31.92 billion.
    Parent pretax profit 1.82 billion marks vs 1.62 billion.
    Turnover 14.09 billion vs 15.35 billion.
    Parent turnover comprised domestic sales 6.47 billion vs
6.84 billion, foreign sales 7.62 billion vs 8.51 billion.
    Parent investment in fixed assets 960 mln marks vs 831 mln.
    Depreciation of fixed assets 935 mln marks vs 847 mln.
    Investment in new participations 2.53 billion marks vs 294
mln.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9734>
Hoechst AG &lt;HFAG.F> said in a
statement it increased its pretax profits in 1986 despite a
fall in turnover due to lower foreign sales.
    The lower sales were due to the fall in the dollar and
other currencies against the mark. Other factors were pressure
on selling prices because of a sharp fall in the prices of
crude oil and petrochemical raw materials and the sale of
polystyrene business in the U.S. And Netherlands.
    World group pretax profit rose to 3.21 billion marks in
1986 from 3.16 billion in 1985, with sales falling to 38.01
billion from 42.72 billion.
    Within group turnover, foreign sales fell to 27.18 billion
marks in 1986 from 31.92 billion in 1985, a drop of 14.9 pct.
    The statement made no mention of net profit figures.
Hoechst will announce its dividend proposal on April 23.
    In the first quarter of this year sales were hit by the
cold weather at the start of the year. If the dollar continues
at present low levels, 1987 sales will again be below the
previous year, although in volume terms they are unchanged from
1986, Hoechst said.
    Sales of paints and dyes, fibres, sheeting and information
technology all rose in 1986 but plant construction sales fell.
    Hoechst attributed its good results to the performance of
the parent company, other units in West Germany, and to
&lt;American Hoechst Corp>.
    Improved earnings in the U.S. Largely reflected the
restructuring of styrene and polystyrene activities.
    Roussel Uclaf &lt;RUCF.PA> and most domestic non-consolidated
partners did not perform as well as in 1985.
    Hoechst attributed the 12 pct rise in parent company pretax
profits to 1.82 billion marks above all to a rise in earnings
from interest and holdings in other companies, and a fall in
extraordinary costs.
    The fall in raw material prices was not enough to
compensate for the decline in turnover due to lower prices and
currencies, Hoechst said.
    The bulk of the 2.53 billion marks investment in new
projects, up from 294 mln marks in 1985, went on the capital
increase of Hoechst Capital Corp in connection with the
acquisition of &lt;Celanese Corp>.
    Celanese was merged with American Hoechst in February to
form &lt;Hoechst Celanese Corp>.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9736>
Australia's largest company, The Broken
Hill Pty Co Ltd &lt;BRKN.S> (BHP), is expected to report a net
profit of around 600 mln to 620 mln dlrs tomorrow for the first
nine months ended February 28, share analysts polled by Reuters
said.
    This would be well below the 813.0 mln dlrs earned in the
first three quarters of 1985/86. In the full year ended May 31
1986 the group earned a record 988.2 mln dlrs.
    The analysts estimated that the group would report a third
quarter net in the region of 200 mln to 220 mln dlrs, against
238.6 mln a year earlier and 220.3 mln in the second quarter.
    BHP's earnings in the first half ended November 30 amounted
to 397.0 mln dlrs, sharply down from 589.3 mln a year earlier.
    The analysts predicted that BHP will report an upturn in
petroleum earnings compared with the first quarter, reflecting
some improvement in crude oil prices from the Bass Strait
fields, but these gains would be offset by lower mineral and
steel earnings.
    They said the mineral group has been hit by lower coal
prices and shipments to Japan while the steel division has been
affected by industrial and production problems.
    The analysts noted that the third quarter is normally BHP's
lowest-earning period owing to a number of seasonal factors,
and they predicted a sharp rise in fourth quarter net to around
300 mln dlrs.
    One key factor in the fourth quarter is expected to be a
tax break of some 70 mln dlrs for the investment allowance on
capital expenditure in the steel division, they said.
    They said they saw BHP's full year earnings at around 900
mln to 920 mln dlrs. They added that such a decline from
1985/86 would be no surprise, noting BHP has said that it would
be difficult to equal its record 1985/86 net profit.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9741>
Shr 22.9p vs 26.9p.
    Interim div 2.6p vs same.
    Pre-tax profit 40.0 mln stg vs 38.0 mln.
    Net profit before minorities 29.6 mln vs 30.9 mln.
    Turnover 825.0 mln vs 791.6 mln.
    Trading profit 52.8 mln stg vs 52.5 mln.
    Related companies profit 3.1 mln vs 1.4 mln.
    Interest payable 12.3 mln vs 14.6 mln.
    Reorganisation and redundancy costs 3.6 mln vs 1.3 mln.
    Tax 10.4 mln vs 7.1 mln.
    Minorities 1.5 mln vs 2.4 mln.
    Extraordinary charges 1.3 mln vs 34.2 mln.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9744>
Parent company 1986 net profit 202.55 mln francs vs 171.31
mln
    Dividend 13.02 francs vs same, including 4.34 francs tax
credit.
    (Note -  company earlier reported consolidated net profit
315.9 mln francs vs 302.08 mln and consolidated attributable
profit of 293.3 mln vs 266.6 mln.)
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9760>
World group turnover of Siemens AG
&lt;SIEG.F> should rise to 51 or 52 billion marks in the current
year to September 31 after a 19 pct upturn in the first five
months, management board chairman Karlheinz Kaske said.
    Siemens reported world group turnover in 1985/86 of 47.02
billion marks.
    Kaske told the annual shareholders meeting turnover rose to
21.2 billion marks in the first five months of 1986/87, about
19 pct above the same year-ago period. The rise was mainly due
to payment in January for a West German nuclear power station
which led to a jump in domestic sales of 36 pct.
    In the first five 1986/87 months, turnover abroad showed a
three pct increase, Kaske said, without giving figures.
    In the same period incoming orders rose five pct to 21.8
billion marks against the same 1985/86 period.
    For the year as a whole incoming orders should rise between
one and two billion marks to around 51 or 52 billion.
    Apart from payments for the nuclear power station, the
communications and telecommunications sectors in particular
should contribute to growth this year, Kaske said.
    But it was not possible to make a profit forecast for
1986/87 because of uncertainty about the direction of the
dollar, Kaske said.
    Siemens already reported that first quarter 1986/87 group
net profit fell marginally to 296 mln marks from 298 mln in the
same period in the previous year.
    Turnover in the first five months rose particularly
strongly in the installations and automotive technology,
communications and telecommunications sectors, but components
and energy and automation showed a sharp decline.
    Kaske said domestic orders rose to 10.2 billion marks in
the first five months of this year, or nine pct above their
level in the same 1985/86 period, boosted in particular by
orders for the fully owned Kraftwerk Union AG subsidiary.
    Foreign orders grew one pct to 11.6 billion marks. An
increase in orders through newly acquired subsidiaries abroad
was balanced by the decline in the dollar.
    While the installations and automotive technology sector
showed a sharp rise in orders, energy and automation and
communications orders were below the level achieved in the same
period of 1985/86.
    Telecommunications orders remained at roughly the same
level.
    Kaske said investments were expected to remain around six
billion marks in 1986/87 after a 50 pct increase the previous
year. Research and development were likely to rise 13 pct to
6.1 billion marks or around 12 pct of turnover.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9761>
The Fried. Krupp GmbH
&lt;KRPG.D> steel and engineering group said it had a satisfactory
1986 despite a provisional 12 pct fall in total group sales to
18.1 billion marks from 20.7 billion the previous year.
    Third party turnover declined to 15.9 billion from 18.5
billion in 1985 while orders slipped to 15.5 billion marks from
16.9 billion, it said in a preliminary statement.
    Despite these figures, which reflected the dollar's
weakness against the mark and oil and raw materials price
falls, it said 1986 was a satisfactory year.
    The reason was the continued expansion of the machinery and
plant sector, which accounted for 42 pct of total sales.
    Krupp added that some areas of the mechanical engineering
business achieved notable growth rates and acquisitions had
underpinned machinery and component activities.
    An orders decline in the steel and, in particular, the
trading and services sectors, affected the group's total order
figures.
    However, "all business sectors contributed to the positive
results achieved in 1986," Krupp added, without giving details.
    Domestic orders decreased by five pct to 9.6 billion marks
from the previous year and foreign orders fell 14 pct to 5.9
billion, it said. Foreign business accounted for 38 pct of
orders against 40 pct in 1985.
    Orders received by the machinery and plant sector, 11
member companies which comprise the core area of the group,
rose by four mln marks last year to 6.9 billion, Krupp said.
    The group's orders in hand amounted to 9.1 billion marks at
end-December 1986 from 10.3 billion at the start of the year.
    Orders received by the steel sector last year decreased by
three pct to 6.2 billion marks from 1985, it said.
    The steel market weakened increasingly over the year,
mainly because of exchange rate movements, the deterioration in
foreign trade and a downturn in a number of customer
industries.
    The difficult market for sections and flats of quality
steel depressed order tonnages by around seven pct, Krupp said.
But special steel boosted by strong demand for stainless
cold-rolled flats, grew by five pct in tonnage terms.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9771>
Lucas Industries Plc &lt;LUCS.L> said its
underlying performance would continue to improve in the second
half but profits would be restrained by low activity in U.K.
Commercial vehicle and tractor markets as well as in North
American electronics.
    The company earlier reported a two mln stg rise in pretax
profit to 40 mln in the six months to end-January. The figure
was some five mln below forecasts and Lucas shares dropped
sharply to 557.5p at 1130 GMT from last night's close of 590p.
    It said it would continue with plans for all its activities
to be internationally competitive and profitable.
    Costs of restructuring, reorganisation, employee training
and retraining, particularly in the UK automotive businesses,
together with high research and development spending would
affect profits in the short term.
    But Lucas said it was exploiting growth opportunities in
automotive markets, especially in vehicle breaking and engine
management systems. Recent acquisitions in North America had
strengthened Lucas Aerospace and Lucas Industrial systems.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9804>
First Interstate Bancorp Chairman
Joseph Pinola said the bank holding company would lose about 16
mln dlrs per year, after taxes, if it had to put its medium and
long-term debt on non-accrual status.
    In an interview, he said that could result in about a 4.5
pct decline in annual earnings per share.
    Pinola said First Interstate, like other banks, has not yet
decided to put the loans, which Brazil stopped paying interest
on last month, on non-accrual status.
    "None of us really wants to injure negotiations that might
be going on," he said.
    First Interstate reported to the Securities and Exchange
Commission last week that it has about 339 mln dlrs in
medium-to long-term loans to Brazil.
    It said on December 31, 1986 its nonperformind Brazilian
outstanding debt totaled about 4.1 mln dlrs.
    First Interstate also has about 168 mln dlrs in short-term
loans or trade lines to Brazil.
    Pinola said he believes the solution to the Brazilian debt
crisis will be more political than economic, which he said he
finds, "very disquieting and discomforting."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9807>
Shr profit 61 cts vs loss 45 cts
    Net profit 3,568,000 vs loss 2,598,000
    Revs 34.6 mln vs 31.6 mln
    Avg shrs 5,861,000 vs 5,776,000
    Year
    Shr profit 56 cts vs loss 32 cts
    Net profit 3,374,000 vs loss 1,759,000
    Revs 132.0 mln vs 131.6 mln
    NOTE: 1985 quarter net includes 665,000 dlr tax credit.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9810>
Shr 26 cts vs 24 cts
    Net 1,144,000 vs 1,063,000
    Sales 23.2 mln vs 24.8 mln
    Year
    Shr 93 cts vs 1.40 dlrs
    Net 4,046,000 vs 6,111,000
    Sales 97.8 mln vs 104.0 mln
    NOTE: Prior year net includes gain 286,000 dlrs from
discontinued operations in year and loss 375,000 in quarter and
gain 260,000 dlrs in year from disposal of discontinued.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9818>
2nd qtr
    Shr profit 32 cts vs loss 95 cts
    Net profit 28.0 mln vs loss 82.2 mln
    Revs 950.2 mln vs 862.0 mln
    1st half
    Shr profit 65 cts vs loss 62 cts
    Net profit 56.6 mln vs loss 53.5 mln
    Revs 1.88 billion vs 1.67 billion
    Avg shrs 92.2 mln vs 86.7 mln
    NOTE: Period ended February 28.
    Prior year net both periods includes pretax asset
writedowns of 114.6 mln dlrs and additions to reserves of 60.0
mln dlrs.
    Prior year net includes tax credits of 53.7 mln dlrs in
quarter and 32.9 mln dlrs in half.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9825>
Shr 12 cts vs 10 cts
    Net 19.6 mln vs 17.6 mln
    Revs 276 mln vs 170.4 mln
    Avg shrs 85.3 mln vs 84.8 mln
    NOTE: Company owns 65 pct of &lt;Bramalea Ltd>.
                           
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9827>
Qtly div 44.5 cts vs 44.5 cts in prior qtr
    Payable May one
    Record April 10
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9839>
Shr profit 1.44 dlrs vs profit 83 cts
    Net profit 39.0 mln vs profit 22.5 mln
    Sales 816.1 mln vs 865.3 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 95 cts vs profit eight cts
    Net loss 25.6 mln vs profit 2,223,000
    Sales 2,142,118 vs 2,234,768
    NOTE: Current year net both periods includes prtax
provisions for restructuring operations of 4,868,000 dlrs in
quarter and 38.1 mln dlrs in year.
    Latest year net includes 1,825,000 dlr tax credit and
2,600,000 dlr posttax loss from debt extinguishment.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9860>
Shr 34 cts vs 29 cts
    Net 16.7 mln vs 13.3 mln
    Sales 678.7 mln vs 531.0 mln
    Avg shrs 48.9 mln vs 45.8 mln
    1st half
    Shr 81 cts vs 69 cts
    Net 39.5 mln vs 31.7 mln
    Sales 1.71 billion vs 1.35 billion
    Avg shrs 48.9 mln vs 45.8 mln
    NOTE: Twelve and 28-week periods.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9861>
&lt;Carolian Systems International Inc>
said it anticipates profit for fiscal 1987 ending June 30 will
be lower than fiscal 1986 earnings of 410,000 dlrs, despite an
expected revenue increase of 37 pct to more than 3.5 mln dlrs.
    After an extraordinary expense associated with the
December, 1986 withdrawal of a planned common share offering,
"we expect to be modestly profitable for the year, but below the
410,000 dlrs earned in fiscal 1986," the company said.
    Carolian previously reported fiscal six month profit of
12,933 dlrs, excluding an extraordinary loss of 17,210 dlrs,
compared to earnings of 69,829 dlrs in the prior year.
    The company said it anticipated fiscal 1987 earnings to be
lower due to withdrawal of its share offering, computer
equipment shipment delays and costs associated with sales staff
expansion.
    A strengthening Canadian dollar against U.S. currency will
also adversely affect revenues and earnings, since 85 pct of
revenues are generated by sales outside Canada, said Carolian,
a leading supplier of utility software for Hewlett-Packard
computer systems.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9868>
Qtly div nine cts vs 7.5 cts in prior qtr
    Payable April 15
    Record March 31
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9869>
Don Gevirtz, chairman of The Foothill
Group Inc, told Reuters the company's first quarter results
will be up sharply over last year's eight cents a share.
    "First quarter results will be dramatically better," he
said following a presentation to analysts. He cited a sharp
drop in non-earning assets, healthy asset growth and lower
expenses.
    He declined to predict specific results for the first
quarter. In the 1986 first quarter, the commerical finance
company earned 606,000 dlrs, or eight cts per share.
    Gevirtz also declined to predict full year results, but
said, "We expect an excellent year." In 1986 Foothill earned
3,239,000 dlrs, or 41 cts per share.
    Analysts expect Foothill to record earnings of 65 cts to 85
cts a share in 1987.
    During the presentation Gevirtz said Foothill has reduced
to less than five pct the company's level of non-performing
assets, which was as high as eight pct in previous years.
    David Hilton, chief financial officer, said the company's
general and administrative expenses in 1987 will be reduced to
about 3.0 to 3.5 pct of average assets from 4.3 pct in 1986.
    The company had average assets of 399.8 mln dlrs from
continuing operations and 29.8 mln dlrs from discontinued
operations in 1986, according to its annual report.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9874>
Anchor Glass Container Corp said
first quarter net income is now expected to exceed the 3.1 mln
dlrs earned before extraordinary items in the year earlier
quarter.
    Previously, the company had said first quarter results
would likely be lower than for the 1986 period due to
production disruptions caused by the large number of production
line changes scheduled during the first quarter, its statement
pointed out.
    While the disruptive effects of the production line changes
had occurred in line with expectations, Anchor Glass said,
first quarter operating results were helped by lower than
anticipated operating costs and improved margins on sales as a
result of a more favorable product mix.
    The company said its income performance for the full year
remains very good.
    It also said Anchor Hocking Corp &lt;ARH> has converted the
entire principal balance of its Anchor Glass convertible
subordinated note to 576,694 Anchor Glass common shares.
    Anchor Glass said the conversion decreased its total debt
and increased stockholders' equity by about 9.4 mln dlrs and
increased common shares outstanding to 13,902,716.
    It said the conversion will also reduce its annualized net
interest expense by about 1.1 mln dlrs, or 600,000 dlrs after
taxes.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9875>
Qtly div five cts vs 2-1/2 cts prior
    Pay June 10
    Record May 29
    NOTE: Prior payment adjusted for two-for-one stock split
declared recently.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9878>
Qtly div seven cts vs seven cts prior
    Pay May Eight
    Record April 17
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9884>
PHLCORP Inc said for November 14
through December 31, its first reporting period after emerging
from reorganization proceedings, it earned 86,000 dlrs on
revenues of 47 mln dlrs, excluding 2,300,000 dlrs in gains on
the sale of real estate and 800,000 dlrs in tax credits.
    The company is the successor to Baldwin-United Corp.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9894>
Oper shr profit seven cts vs loss 12 cts
    Oper net profit 216,000 vs loss 401,000
    Sales 21.4 mln vs 24.9 mln
    NOTE: Current year net excludes 142,000 dlr tax credit.
    Company operating in Chapter 11 bankruptcy.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9896>
Shr loss five cts vs loss six cts
    Net loss 473,784 vs loss 489,257
    Revs 268.8 mln vs 81.7 mln
    Avg shrs 9,245,247 vs 8,035,326
    Year
    Shr loss 17 cts vs loss 20 cts
    Net 1,512,534 vs loss 1,553,592
    Revs 1,448,310 vs 515,225
    Avg shrs 8,745,132 vs 7,619,863
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9901>
Qtly div 14 cts vs 14 cts prior
    Pay April Eight
    Record March 26
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9902>
Qtrly div 25 cts vs 25 cts
    Pay May 15
    Record April 15
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9904>
Computer Associates
International Inc said its board has declared a two-for-one
stock split, payable May Seven, record April Seven.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9909>
&lt;Z-Seven Fund Inc> said it expects to
earn six dlrs a share in 1987, up from 4.20 dlrs a share in
1986.
    The company said the 1986 net earnings were up 30 pct from
3.22 dlrs in 1985. Net asset value in 1986 rose 35 pct to 16.09
dlrs a share from 11.89 a year earlier, adjusted for a
three-for-two stock split.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9914>
Shr 15 cts vs 11 cts
    Net 900,334 vs 482,705
    Revs 28.7 mln vs 18.8 mln
    Avg shrs 6,195,527 vs 4,551,105
    Shr 51 cts vs 31 cts
    Net 2,713,912 vs 1,402,696
    Revs 98.7 mln vs 67.9 mln
    Avg shrs 5,369,833 vs 4,551,105
    NOTE: Share adjusted for three-for-two stock split
effecitive March 2, 1987.
    Weston said earnings for the firstg quarter will be about
flat due to the recent substantial addition of management and
technical staff and an expansion in the Southeastern and
Northwestern U.S.
    The company said full-year earnings and revenues are
expected to be higher.  The company today reported 1986
earnings of 2,713,912 dlrs, up from 1,402,696 dlrs in 1985, and
revenues of 98.7 mln dlrs, up from 67.9 mln dlrs.
    Weston earned 492,000 dlrs in last year's first quarter.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9927>
Fruehauf Corp, which went private in
December through a leveraged buyout, said the predecessor
company had a 1986 loss of 60.9 mln dlrs compared to earnings
of 70.5 mln dlrs in 1985.
    Sales of the predecessor company were 2.68 billion dlrs
compared to 2.56 billion dlrs in 1985, including the sales by
the operations which are divestiture candidates.
    Fruehauf said in connection with the buyout acquisition,
the predecessor company incurred about 97 mln dlrs in expenses
charged against 1986 operations.
    In addition to the direct expenses, Fruehauf said operating
results were adversely affected by an unquantifiable amount due
to the disruption related to a proxy contest and attempted
hostile takeover which started in early 1986.
    Fruehauf said its board rescheduled the annual meeting to
June 18 from May 7 to allow for completion and distribution of
the 1986 results to shareholders.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9930>
Shr loss 60 cts vs loss 43 cts
    Net loss 3,012,000 vs loss 2,114,000
    Revs 102.8 mln vs 134.9 mln
    Year
    Shr loss 1.48 dlr vs loss four cts
    Net loss 7,338,000 vs loss 180,000
    Revs 354.9 mln vs 469.2 mln
    NOTE: 1986 4th qtr and year net includes a loss of 623,000
dlrs and a gain 1,910,000 dlrs or 39 cts per share for an
extraordinary item.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9936>
Qtly div 25 cts vs 25 cts prior
    Pay May 15
    Record April 15
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9937>
Shr loss two cts vs loss four cts
    Net loss 44,000 vs loss 85,000
    Sales 370,000 vs 299,000
    Nine mths
    Shr loss seven cts vs loss three cts
    Net loss 134,000 vs loss 56,000
    Sales 1,211,000 vs 1,069,000
    NOTE: Prior nine mths net includes 10,000 dlr loss on sale
of marketable securities.
    Prior quarter net includes 1,000 dlr tax credit.
    Current year net includes provisions for loss on investment
in preferred stock of 4,000 dlrs in quarter and 15,000 dlrs in
nine mths.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9940>
Bank of Boston Corp expects first
quarter earnings will range between 90 cts and one dlr a share,
up from 79 cts a share last year, Chairman William Brown said.
    He told shareholders the company has a 190 mln dlr exposure
in loans to Brazil if that country defaults on its debt
payments. If a default does occur, it would first quarter
earnings by about five cts a share, which would bring the
bank's in the lower level of the estimated range, he added.
    Brown noted the 1986 first quarter net included a 17 cts
gain from loan restructurings which will not appear this year.
    Brown said the bank's other nonperforming assets, not
including its Brazilian exposure, could rise to over 700 mln
dlrs at the end of this quarter compared with 669 mln dlrs a
year earlier and 614 mln dlrs at the end of 1986.
    He said the increase includes all of its Equadorian loans
which he expects will be ultimately repaid after the company
recovers from an earthquake earlier this year.
    Brown said the increase also includes some Mexican and
Venezuelan loans as those nations are also facing credit
problems.
    Brown said the Bank of Boston remains "cautiously optimitic
about the full year even if our Brazilian exposure were to be
on nonaccural all year." In 1986, the bank earned 3.69 dlrs a
share, or 232.8 mln dlrs on net interest revenues of 1.08
billion dlrs.
    President Ira Stepanian told the shareholders's meeting the
bank's total loans to Argentina, Brazil and Mexico totaled 875
mln dlrs at the end of 1986, 37 pct of its primary capital.
Brazil loans total 300 mln dlrs, of which about two-thirds are
affected by its suspension of interest payments on its medium
and long term foreign debt.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9952>
&lt;Norcen Energy Resources Ltd>,
41 pct owned by &lt;Hees International Corp>, said earnings and
cash flow will improve in 1987, even if oil and gas prices
remain at 1986 levels.
    The improvement will result from production increases,
lower taxes and royalties, reduced financing costs and from
operating efficiencies and downsizing put into place during
1986, the company said in the annual report.
    Norcen previously reported 1986 earnings, excluding a 20.1
mln dlr writeoff, declined by 58 pct to 50.0 mln dlrs from
119.7 mln dlrs in in 1985.
    Norcen's 1986 cash flow fell 10 pct to 204.9 mln dlrs from
228.9 mln dlrs in the prior year.
    It said the sharp decline in oil prices during 1986 was the
most significant factor for Norcen's reduced performance.
    "While financial results are far from the previous year's
record levels, it is clear that Norcen has withstood declining
prices and remains financially and operationally strong," Norcen
said. It did not give a specific 1987 profit forecast.
    The company said it is well positioned to capitalize on
profitable opportunities in its core business areas, and will
continue to invest to increase revenue and asset values.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9956>
Ford Motor Co neared General Motors
Corp last year in executive bonuses, while it topped the larger
automaker in profit sharing payments to workers.
    Ford, which outstripped GM in earnings last year, said its
1986 incentive bonuses totaled 167 mln dlrs, slightly behind
General Motors' 169.1 mln.
    General Motors, however, did not make any profit-sharing
payments to its workers, while Ford made a profit-sharing
distribution of 372 mln dlrs, or 2,100 dlrs per worker.
    General Motors, which saw its earnings drop to 2.94 billion
dlrs from 1985's 3.99 billion, said the 1986 profit was "not
sufficient to generate a payout under the profit-sharing
formula."
    Ford, which earned 3.28 billion dlrs in 1986, up from 2.51
billion in 1985, said it "recognizes employees' efforts and
fulfills its commitment to them in many ways, including
profit-sharing."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9959>
Pier 1 Imports Inc said its
board declared a three-for-two split of its common stock and
its 25 cents preferred stock, and declared a regular quarterly
dividend of two cents per share on the pre-split shares of
common stock outstanding.
    Pier 1 also declared a 12.5 pct annual dividend increase
for the post-split common shares. The split will be effected in
the form of a 50 pct stock dividend on both classes.
    The company said shareholder approval is required for an
increase in authorized shares of common stock to 100 mln from
25 mln.
    It said approval is also needed for an increase in
authorized shares of preferred stock from one million to five
million. It said voting will be conducted at its annual
shareholder meeting on June 24.
    Pier 1 said there are currently 19.1 million shares of
common stock and 960,000 shares of 25 cts preferred stock
outstanding.
    The split shares will be distributed on June 29 to
shareholders of record May 13. The two cts per share quarterly
cash dividend will be payable May 29 to shareholders of record
May 13.
    "The increase in shares outstanding will broaden the base
of stock ownership in the company, and the dividend increase
reflects the directors' positive outlook for the future
prospects of Pier 1 Imports," said Clark Johnson, president and
chief executive officer.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9961>
Shr 12 cts vs 15 cts
    Net 282,000 vs 360,000
    Revs 5,261,000 vs 5,348,000
    Avg shrs 2,336,000 vs 2,335,000
    Year
    Shr 91 cts vs 1.04 dlrs
    Net 2,149,000 vs 2,075,000
    Revs 28.2 mln vs 28.3 mln
    Avg shrs 2,356,000 vs 2,001,000
    NOTE: 1986 quarter net includes 72,000 dlr charge from
repal of investment tax credit.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9963>
Shr 16 cts vs 11 cts
    Net 1,888,000 vs 1,307,000
    Revs 7,365,000 vs 5,877,000
    Year
    Oper shr 58 cts vs 40 cts
    Oper net 7,005,000 vs 4,866,000
    Revs 27.1 mln vs 21.1 mln
    NOTE: Prior year net excludes 263,000 dlr loss from
discontinued operations and 2,073,000 dlrs on disposal.
    Share adjusted for stock dividends.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9964>
Shr two cts vs one ct
    Net 83,000 vs 32,000
    Revs 11.2 mln vs 7,625,000
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9965>
Shr loss 97 cts
    Net loss 1,364,453
    Sales 737,971
    NOTE: Company in development stage.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9967>
HealthMate Inc said its
auditors, Laventhol and Horwath, indicated they will issue a
qualified opinion on the company's financial statements.
    The company, which went public in March 1985, earlier
reported losses for the fourth quarter.
    It said the auditor's statement, known as a "subject to"
opinion, cautions that, because of continuing operating losses
and negative cash flow, it must achieve profitable operations
or acquire additional equity capital or other financing to
continue in existence.
    HealthMate reported a loss for the year of 1,512,534 dlrs,
or 17 cts a share on revenues of 1.4 mln dlrs. A year ago, it
had a loss of 1,553,592 dlrs, or 20 cts a share on revenues of
515,225 dlrs.
    It said the increased sales reflect initial shipments of
its FluoroScan Imaging Systems, low radiation X-ray imaging
devices that recently were classified by Underwriters
Laboratories Inc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9970>
Shr loss five cts vs loss six cts
    Net loss 473,784 vs loss 489,257
    Revs 268,797 vs 81,725
    Avg shrs 9,245,247 vs 8,035,326
    Year
    Shr loss 17 cts vs loss 20 cts
    Net 1,512,534 vs loss 1,553,592
    Revs 1,448,310 vs 515,225
    Avg shrs 8,745,132 vs 7,619,863
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9973>
Shr 34 cts vs 20 cts
    Net 2,253,000 vs 1,332,000
    Sales 89.7 mln vs 85.9 mln
    Year
    Shr 94 cts vs 64 cts
    Net 6,191,000 vs 4,257,000
    Sales 316.4 mln vs 286.7 mln
    NOTE: Prior year net both periods includes 2,100,000 dlr
charge from sale of Craft Showcase stores.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9981>
House of Fabrics Inc said
it expects growth in earnings and revenues as the current
fiscal year progresses.
    It said it will open about 50 super stores this year. 
House of Fabrics now operates 703 stores.
    The company today reported earnings for the year ended
January 31 of 6,191,000 dlrs on sales of 316.4 mln dlrs, up
from prior year earnings of 4,257,000 dlrs on sales of 286.7
mln dlrs.  The prior year earnings included a 2,100,000 dlr
charge for the disposition of Craft Showcase stores.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9985>
Shr 33 cts vs 30 cts
    Net 13.0 mln vs 11.9 mln
    Sales 330.8 mln vs 249.7 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9992>
Qtly div 25 cts vs 25 cts prior
    Pay April 13
    Record April Six
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9993>
Qtly div 12 cts vs 12 cts prior
    Pay April 21
    Record April Seven
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9994>
Shr loss six cts vs loss 18 cts
    Net loss 89,478 vs loss 178,507
    Revs 3,894,844 vs 1,964,141
    Avg shrs 1,582,790 vs one mln
    Year
    Shr loss 43 cts vs loss 81 cts
    Net loss 534,099 vs loss 811,836
    Revs 12.2 mln vs 5,167,573
    Avg shrs 1,251,337 vs one mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9995>
Shr 43 cts vs 52 cts
    Shr diluted 41 cts vs 49 cts
    Net 1,916,000 vs 2,281,000
    Revs 32.6 mln vs 22.6 mln
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10000>
Rogers Corp said first quarter
earnings will be up significantly from earnings of 114,000 dlrs
or four cts share for the same quarter last year.
    The company said it expects revenues for the first quarter
to be "somewhat higher" than revenues of 32.9 mln dlrs posted
for the year-ago quarter.
    Rogers said it reached an agreement for the sale of its
molded switch circuit product line to a major supplier.
    The sale, terms of which were not disclosed, will be
completed early in the second quarter, Rogers said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
