<BODY DOCID=2557>
West German gross fishmeal imports rose
60,260 tonnes, or 14.6 pct, last year to 471,891 tonnes, the
highest level since 1972, trade sources said.
    Re-exports fell by 6.6 pct, resulting in a surge in net
imports from 175,901 to 251,708 tonnes, an increase of 43 pct.
    Total West German consumption was estimated at around a
high 287,000 tonnes, largely reflecting attractive prices. The
sources, however, could not give comparative figures for 1985.
    South American producer countries supplied 97 pct of West
German requirements, with Chile shipping 229,176 tonnes (1985 -
182,959) and Peru 210,513 (147,014) tonnes.
    The two South American countries' share of the West German
market rose to 93.2 pct from 80.2 pct because imports from
Ecuador fell to 21,110 tonnes in 1986 from 51,722 in 1985.
    West Germany imported 56,823 tonnes of fishmeal in
December, up from 46,236 tonnes in the same 1985 month, with
re-exports at 22,262 tonnes after 25,062 a year earlier.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3135>
The Hamburg fishmeal market saw little
movement in the past week with demand slack as in other protein
feed sectors, trade sources said.
    Prices edged up on firmer origin offering levels and the
stronger dollar. Sellers quoted 64 pct fishmeal at between 640
and 650 marks per tonne free on truck for spot and between 630
and 640 marks for April/Dec.
    International demand was also slow but some inquiries from
Far Eastern buyers were noted in South American producer
countries, the sources said.
    Chile is said to have good catches in northern and southern
fishing grounds, with offers unchanged at 330 dlrs per tonne c
and f North German ports.
    Peru's catches differ regionally and stocks are low.
Sellers quoted a nominal offering level of 320 dlrs per tonne c
and f north German ports. Ecuador was not in the market and
catches are said to be poor.
    Denmark has seasonally low catches, with 72 pct meal
offered at 315 crowns per 100 kilos cif North European ports
for April/Oct deliveries. Iceland has good catches and sellers
quoted a price of 5.45 dlrs per percentage point protein cif
North European ports. Norway was not in the market.
 Reuter
</BODY>
