<BODY DOCID=1660>
Texas Eastern Corp said it has completed
the purchase of an idle petroleum products terminal near Norris
City, Ill., from &lt;Growmark Inc> for undisclosed terms and will
reopen it in September after remodeling.
    The company said the terminal will handle leaded and
unleaded regular gasolines, number two fuel oil, ethanol and
natural gasoline.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1856>
Distillate fuel stocks held in
primary storage fell by 3.4 mln barrels in the week ended Feb
27 to 128.4 mln barrels, the Energy Information Administration
(EIA) said.
    In its weekly petroleum status report, the Department of
Energy agency said gasoline stocks were off 100,000 barrels in
the week to 251.5 mln barrels and refinery crude oil stocks
were up 3.2 mln barrels to 333.0 mln.
    The EIA said residual fuel stocks fell 2.2 mln barrels to
37.9 mln barrels and crude oil stocks in the Strategic
Petroleum Reserve (SPR) were up 700,000 barrels to 516.5 mln.
    The total of all crude, refined product and SPR stocks were
unchanged at 1,575.1 mln barrels, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10860>
Global Petroleum Corp said today it
raised its posted prices for numbers six fuel cargoes in the
new york harbor 70 cts to 1.60 dlrs per barrel, depending on
grade.
    Effective today, the new prices are: 0.3 pct sulphur 22.50
dlrs, up 1.25; 0.5 pct sulphur 21.85 dlrs, up 1.60; one pct
sulphur 20.10 dlrs, up 70 cts; two pct sulphur 19.85, up 75
cts; 2.2 pct sulphur 19.25 dlrs, up 90 cts; 2.5 pct sulphur
18.80 dlrs, up 1.20, the company said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11070>
Scallop Petroleum Corp, a subsidiary
of Royal Dutch/Shell group, said today it raised contract
prices for heavy fuel 25 cts to 1.75 dlrs a barrel, effective
today.
    The increase brings the price for 0.3 pct sulphur to 22.50
dlrs, up 1.75, 0.5 pct sulphur to 21.50 dlrs, up 1.50, 0.7 pct
sulphur to 20.25 dlrs, up 75 cts, one pct sulphur to 19.50
dlrs, up 25 cts, two pct sulphur to 18.75 dlrs, up 75 cts, 2.2
pct sulphur to 18.50 dlrs, up 75 cts, 2.8 pct sulphur to 18.00
dlrs, up 75 cts.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12315>
Atlantic Fuels Marketing Corp said
today it will raise the posted cargo prices for high sulphur
fuels in New York Harbor 50 to 75 cts per barrel, effective
April two.
    The increase brings the prices for two pct sulphur to 19.25
dlrs, up 50 cts, 2.2 pct sulphur to 18.75 dlrs, up 50 cts, 2.5
pct sulphur to 18.50 dlrs, up 50 cts, 2.8 pct sulphur to 18.25
dlrs, up 75 cts, the company said.
    Posted prices for 0.3 pct and one pct low sulphur fuels
were unchanged at 22 and 20 dlrs, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14732>
Distillate fuel stocks held in
primary storage rose by 628,000 barrels in the week ended April
three to 106.96 mln barrels from a revised 106.33 mln the
previous week, the American Petroleum Institute said.
    In its weekly statistical bulletin, the oil industry trade
group said gasoline stocks rose 2.29 mln barrels to 247.91 mln
barrels from a revised 245.62 mln, and crude oil stocks were up
8.52 mln barrels to 337.73 mln from a revised 329.21 mln.
    It said residual fuel stocks rose 28,000 barrels to 38.25
mln from a revised 37.98 mln barrels.
    API said refinery runs in the week rose to 12.54 mln
barrels per day from 12.21 mln and refinery use of operating
capacity was 80.4 pct, up from 78.3 pct.
    Crude oil imports in the week fell to 3.40 mln bpd from a
revised 3.60 mln, API added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2957>
OPEC member Ecuador adopted austerity
measures to conserve fuel after oil production was paralyzed by
a strong earthquake.
    Energy and Mines Minister Javier Espinosa announced on
television the country would cut domestic fuel sales by 30 pct.
A ministry statement had earlier announced indefinite
suspension of crude oil exports, declaring force majeure.
    Deputy Energy Minister Fernando Santos Alvite told a
television interviewer that it could possibly take more than a
month to repair Ecuador's main pipeline linking Amazon basin
oil fields to the Pacific Ocean coast.
    The quake on Thursday, which registered six on the 12-point
Mercalli scale, killed at least six people and was centred near
the Reventador volcano about 90 km (50 miles) east of Quito.
    Ecuador had recently been pumping 260,000 barrels per day.
    The government's austerity measures ban the sale of
aviation fuel to foreign airliners on international routes and
no fuel will be available for ships owned by foreign lines.
    Ecuador also banned the sale of petrol on weekends and
holidays and limited sales on weekdays, an Energy and Mines
Ministry communique said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3995>
U.S. oil demand as measured by
products supplied rose 1.9 pct in the four weeks ended March
six to 16.39 mln barrels per day from 16.08 mln in the same
period a year ago, the Energy Information Administration (EIA)
said.
    In its weekly petroleum status report, the Energy
Department agency said distillate demand was down 2.2 pct in
the period to 3.33 mln bpd from 3.40 mln a year earlier.
    Gasoline demand averaged 6.75 mln bpd, up 3.3 pct from 6.53
mln last year, while residual fuel demand was 1.40 mln bpd, off
2.7 pct from 1.43 mln, the EIA said.
    Domestic crude oil production was estimated at 8.38 mln
bpd, down 8.5 pct from 9.15 mln a year ago, and gross daily
crude imports (excluding those for the SPR) averaged 3.67 mln
bpd, up 23 pct from 2.97 mln, the EIA said.
    Refinery crude runs in the four weeks were 12.05 mln bpd,
up 1.5 pct from 11.87 mln a year earlier, it said.
    Year-to-date figures will not become available until March
26 when EIA's Petroleum Supply Monthly data for January 1987
becomes available, the agency said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5630>
Pacific Resources Inc said it has
installed a CALM (Catenary Anchor Leg Mooring) single-point
mooring terminal off the southwest coast of Oahu at its
Hawaiian Independent Refinery at a cost of 3.5 mln dlrs.
    The system transfers crude and fuel oils from tankers to
the refinery's tank farm and carries refined products to ships
for export, PRI said.
    Company chairman Robert G. Reed said the new mooring system
will permit 24-hour service in most kinds of weather and will
reduce ship turnaround time. He said the mooring is the first
of its kind in the U.S.
    The new system can accomodate vessels up to 150,000
deadweight tons, or one mln barrels of cargo, PRI said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5683>
The Senate budget committee sits
down tomorrow to start drafting a fiscal 1988 budget, with the
budget writers expected to look at several proposals for fuel
taxes and other tax options to cut the budget.
    In a briefing book for the drafting sessions, a number of
revenue raising tax options are proposed, including a five dlrs
a barrel fee on domestic and imported oil, a fee just on
imported oil, and a broad based tax on domestic energy
consumption based on five pct of value.
    Other proposals include various excise taxes and
combinations of import surcharges or tariffs, including a 10
pct import across the board import surcharge that would raise
22 billion dlrs next year alone, more in later years.
    The committee, however, will only include revenue numbers
in its proposed budget with the actual revenue decisions left
to the House and Senate tax-writing committees.
     The committee will draft a budget which its chairman, Sen
Lawton Chiles, a Florida Democrat, said he hopes would raise at
least 18 billion dlrs in revenues, or about half the minimum 36
billion dlr deficit reduction he has in mind.
    The House Budget Committee also plans to start drafting a
separate budget plan later this week, which would have to be
reconciled with the Senate version. The final budget would be
the fiscal 1988 spending and revenue blueprint.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6798>
The Belcher Co of New York, a
subsidiary of Coastal Corp &lt;CGP>, said it will raise the posted
prices for number six fuel in New York 25 cts to 1.75 dlrs a
barrel, depending on grades.
    Effective March 19, the new prices are 0.3 pct sulphur
22.50 dlrs, up one dlr, 0.5 pct sulphur 21.75 dlrs, up 1.75
dlrs, 0.7 pct sulphur 21 dlrs, up 1.25 dlrs. One pct sulphur
20.25 dlrs, up one dlr, two pct sulphur 18.25 dlrs, up 25 cts,
2.2 pct sulphur 18 dlrs, up 25 cts, 2.5 pct sulphur 17.75 dlrs,
up 30 cts, and 2.8 pct sulphur 17.50 dlrs, up 50 cts.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7397>
Caltex Petroleum Corp, a joint venture
between Chevron Corp &lt;CHV> and Texaco Inc &lt;TX>, said it raised
posted prices for several petroleum products in Singapore,
effective today.
     The company said its naphtha posting is up three cts a
gallon to 43 cts. It said it is raising jet and kerosene
postings 2.5 cts, bringing jet to 52.5 cts and kerosene to 51.5
cts.
    Diesel grades are up two cts, Caltex said, bringing both
diesel gas oil (one pct sulfur) and 52-57 D.I. (55 cetane) to
52 cts a gallon, and diesel gas oil (0.5 pct) to 52 cts.
    The company said it is increasing medium and heavy fuel oil
postings by one dlr a barrel. Medium is now 15.50 dlrs a
barrel, and heavy fuel is 14.75 dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8041>
Higher crude oil prices will raise
demand for natural gas, helping it to reclaim market share lost
to heavy oil when prices plunged in 1986, analysts said.
    The analysts said that these efforts will be most
successful in the industrial sectors of the economy with large
and growing energy requirements.
    "Natural gas stands a good chance to recapture the share of
oil supplied to electric utilities that it lost to the residual
fuel industry last year," Michael Smolinski, an energy
economist with Data Resources Inc, told Reuters.
    An estimated 200,000 barrels per day of residual fuel went
into the utilities market at the expense of natural gas last
year when world oil prices plunged, Smolinski said. 
    Assuming oil prices hold above 15 dlrs a barrel, national
average gas prices delivered to the utilities at a projected
2.10 to 2.25 dlrs per mln Btu would be very competitive,
Michael German, vice president of economic analysis at American
Gas Association said.
    The average delivered prices at the end of January were
2.10 dlrs per mln Btu, compared with 3.26 dlrs a year ago.
    "We expect natural gas to regain 250 to 400 billion cubic
feet (of demand) in the overall energy market in the second and
third quarter (1987)," he said.
    In addition to price competitiveness, availability will be
an important factor persuading energy users to switch to gas,
Frank Spadine, senior energy economist with Bankers Trust Corp.
in New York noted.
    Spadine said the mild winter in many parts of the North
American continent has led to a build up of gas inventories and
less would be necessary to replenish underground storage this
spring freeing gas for spot sales.
    These forecasts develop a strong counterpoint to the fears
that natural gas suplies would be tight and prices
significantly higher given a sharp decline in drilling last
year.
    AGA's German contended that despite the drilling decline,
much of U.S. proved reserves could be brought to production
quickly through developments such as the infill drilling which
permits more wells to be drilled in proved reserve basins.
    Citing recent EIA statistics, German said, the gas surplus
was likely to contract from three trillion cubic feet in 1986
to two trillion cubic feet in 1987, but the surplus would not
go away until 1990.
    Smolinski of Data Resources agreed that the surplus would
persist until 1990. While gas supplies may tighten in certain
consuming areas, notably in California and in the Northeast
U.S., an overall shortfall appeared remote.
 Reuter
</BODY>
