<BODY DOCID=309>
Thousands of black
mineworkers roared support for a union proposal to seize
control of South Africa's gold, uranium, platinum and coal
mines if the owners refuse to improve conditions for migrant
black workers.
    About 15,000 miners attended a rally here to endorse moves
proposed by last week's annual meeting of the 200,000 strong
National Union of Mineworkers (NUM).
    They also supported a proposal for a national strike at the
end of this month if the owners refused to begin negotiations.
    Migrant workers from surrounding countries make up more
than half of the labour force in the mines.
    It was not stated how the union would "seize control."
    The miners' leaders also demanded an end to the system of
single sex hostels for migrant workers, to be replaced by
housing schemes so that workers could live with their families.
    The crowd, one of the largest to attend a meeting since
South Africa declared a state of emergency last June, also
shouted approval of a proposal to work closely with
anti-apartheid movements such as the United Democratic Front
(UDF) which claims two mln members. They also shouted their
support for a demand that jailed black nationalist leader
Nelson Mandela be released.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=314>
Gold output in the northeast China
province of Heilongjiang rose 22.7 pct in 1986 from 1985's
level, the New China News Agency said. It gave no figures.
    It said the province, China's second largest gold producer
after Shandong, plans to double gold output by 1990 from the
1986 level. China does not publish gold production figures.
    However, industry sources estimate output at about 65
tonnes a year, with exports put between 11 and 31 tonnes.
    China is selling more gold abroad to offset large trade
deficits in recent years, western diplomats said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=448>
&lt;Consolidated TVX Mining Corp> said it
agreed to issue 7.8 mln treasury shares to acquire interests in
three gold mining companies in Brazil and an option to increase
the company's interest in a platinum property.
    The company said the transactions will bring immediate
production and earnings to Consolidated TVX, enhance its
precious metal potential and is expected to improve cash flow
and earnings on a per share basis. The company did not give
specific figures.
    Consolidated TVX said it will acquire 29 pct of CMP, a
public gold mining company in which TVX already holds a 15 pct
interest, making TVX the largest single shareholder.
    The company also agreed to acquire a 19 pct stake in Novo
Astro, a private company, and a 16 pct interest in Teles Pires
Mining, increasing the TVX's ownership to 51 pct.
    In addition, Consolidated TVX said it will acquire the
right to add a 10 pct interest to a platinum property in which
it already owns a 29.4 pct stake.
    CMP earned 11 mln Canadian dlrs in 1986 and expects to
produce 42,000 ounces of gold in 1987 at a cost of 160 U.S.
dlrs an ounce, Consolidated TVX said.
    Novo Astro operates Brazil's richest gold mine located in
Amapa State, with an average grade of 0.8 ounces of gold a ton
in a hardrock quartz vein, Consolidated TVX said. Mining of
eluvial surface material produced 25,000 ounces in 1986 and is
expected to produce 60,000 ounces in 1987.
    It also said Teles Pires Mining controls rights to a 350
kilometer section of the Teles Pires River, where one dredge is
expected to produce 10,000 ounces of gold in 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=488>
AMAX Incx said it has identified
additional gold and silver ore reserves at its AMAX Sleeper
Mine near Winnemucca, Nev..
    It said as a result of recent drilling, reserves at thhe
mine are now estimated at 2,470,000 short tons of ore grading
0.24 ounce of gold and 0.50 ounce of silver per ton that is
treatable by conventional milling techniques.
    AMAX said additional reserves amenable to heap leaching are
estimated at 38.3 mln tons averaging 0.025 ounce gold and 0.24
ounce silver per ton.  Further drilling is being conducted, it
said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=697>
Currency fluctuations may reassert their
influence on the bullion market in the near future, bullion
bankers Samuel Montagu and Co Ltd said in a market report.
    But the firm said silver may lag behind gold in any
reactions to movements on foreign exchanges.
    "OPEC's failure to address the recent decline in oil prices
remains a worrying factor however, and on balance it appears
that the market should be approached cautiously," Montagu said.
    The bank said the US economy has shown no noticeable
long-term improvement and that both Latin American debt and the
Iranian arms affair could undermine confidence in the dollar.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1072>
Lac Minerals Ltd and &lt;Cambior Inc> said
they completed a second hole at their jointly owned Doyon mine
in Quebec, which showed two significant gold intersections.
    One intersection graded 0.33 ounce gold a short ton over 44
feet at depth of 1,411 feet, while the other graded 0.22 ounce
gold a ton over 23 feet at 2,064 feet, the companies said. The
hole is 460 feet east of the previously reported first hole.
    They said they were now drilling another hole 460 feet to
the west of the first drill hole and expected to report results
in late March or early April.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1082>
Lac Minerals Ltd and Cambior Inc said
they completed a second hole at their jointly owned Doyon mine
in Quebec, which showed two significant gold intersections.
    One intersection graded 0.33 ounce gold per short ton over
44 feet at depth of 1,411 feet, while the other graded 0.22
ounce gold per ton over 23 feet at 2,064 feet, the companies
said. The hole is 460 feet east of the previously reported
first hole.
    Another hole is being drilled 460 feet to the west of the
first drill hole and results are expected in late March or
early April.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1607>
Northgate Exploration Ltd said year-end
1986 ore reserves at its two Chibougamau mines in Quebec fell
to 8,141,150 short tons grading 0.077 ounce gold a ton and 1.63
pct copper from year-earlier 8,462,000 tons grading 0.077 ounce
gold ton and 1.67 pct copper.
    The company said it launched a 700,000 dlr exploration
program at the mines to increase production and ensure the
operations' continued long life.
    Ore production totaled 650,653 tons last year, it said,
estimating year-end reserves contained about 627,000 ounces of
gold and 265 mln pounds of copper.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1897>
Gold rose by about 50 U.S. Cents an
ounce, following a statement by President Ronald Reagan that
the arms-for-hostages deal with Iran "was a mistake," dealers
said.
    Bullion rose to 409.40/90 dlrs from an initial low of
408.90/409.40. This compares with the opening of 409.00/50 and
New York's close of 410.00/50.
    Dealers noted mild short-covering in the metal after some
initial selling by local investors. Trading was fairly quiet
this morning partly owed to the slow U.S. Dollar activities,
they added.
    However, Reagan's remarks had only a short-lived bullish
impact on the gold price, which is now stabilising at 409.10/60
dlrs, dealers said.
    On the local market, the metal traded in a narrow range of
3,800 and 3,805 H.K. Dlrs a tael against yesterday's 3,778
close.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1918>
The Broken Hill Pty Co Ltd &lt;BRKN.S>
(BHP) said it plans a renounceable one-for-three issue of
rights to float a new company, &lt;BHP Gold Mines Ltd> (BHPGM),
which will hold most of BHP's gold interests.
    In a statement BHP said the 25-cent par rights would be
priced at 50 cents for 430 mln of the BHPGM shares on offer.
BHP will subscribe for the remaining 540 mln shares, or 56 pct
of issued capital, on the same terms.
    BHPGM will pay 440 mln dlrs for BHP's gold interests,
excluding its stake in Papua New Guinea's &lt;Ok Tedi Mining Ltd>
and those interests held by BHP's &lt;Utah International Inc>.
    The BHP statement said the issue will be made to
shareholders registered on March 27. It opens April 4 and
closes April 29, and is underwritten by &lt;J.B. Were and Son>.
Rights will be traded on Australian stock exchanges from March
23 to April 22, and the new shares will be quoted from June 4.
    BHP said the new company will be one of Australia's larger
gold producers, with annual output exceeding 170,000 ounces. It
said there are plans to boost production to 300,000 ounces by
the early 1990s. BHPGM's portfolio will include several
Australian mines -- 30 pct of Telfer, 100 pct of Ora Banda and
Browns Creek and 20 pct of the new Boddington development.
    The statement said BHPGM would also hold BHP's 45 pct stake
in the Coronation Hill Property in the Northern Territory, and
its 55 pct stake in a new venture near Gympie, Queensland.
    BHPGM chairman-designate John Gough said it was a quality
gold stock.
    "The diversity and depth of BHP Gold's portfolio ... Give
the company a sound foundation in current gold production and
an exciting potential for growth," he said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1942>
A limited Belgian issue of silver Ecu
coins with a face value of five Ecus will go on sale from March
23 at a price of 500 Belgian francs each, a Finance Ministry
spokesman said.
    Gold Ecu coins with a face value of 50 Ecus will be sold
from the same day. The spokesman told Reuters the price for
these would be fixed just before they go on sale but was likely
to be between 8,500 and 9,000 francs.
    At least two mln silver coins and several hundreds of
thousands of the gold coins will be minted, he said. They will
be sold both in Belgium and abroad.
    The coins will be the first ever denominated in the Ecu,
the "basket" comprised of the 12-nation European Community's
currencies except the Spanish peseta and the Portuguese escudo.
    The issue is being made to mark the 30th anniversary of the
EC's founding Treaty of Rome this month. Finance Minister Mark
Eyskens, who currently presides over the EC's council of
economic and finance ministers, has called the issue a
political act of symbolic value which aimed to make the
Community's goal of monetary integration more concrete.
    The coins will be legal tender in Belgium but most demand
is expected to come from coin collectors.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10214>
&lt;Canamax Resources Inc> and &lt;Pacific
Trans-Ocean Resources Ltd> said they conditionally approved
starting production at their jointly owned Ketza River gold
deposit in the Yukon after a study recommended the move.
    They said production was conditional on approval of a water
license and arrangement of appropriate financing. They
estimated development costs for the mine and mill would total
21.1 mln dlrs, including three mln dlrs of working capital.
    The feasibility study anticipated gold production of 49,600
ounces a year at a cost of 129 Canadian dlrs a short ton, they
said.
    Canamax and Pacific Trans-Ocean said the project would
yield a 40 pct after-tax real rate of return at a gold price of
400 U.S. dlrs an ounce.
    They said they would mine 460,000 tonnes of proven and
probable mineable reserves of oxide ore grading 0.45 ounce gold
ton at a yearly rate of 112,000 tonnes for a mine life of 4.25
years.
    Possible reserves of 75,000 tonnes grading 0.38 ounce gold
ton at the break zone would extend mine life by a year, with
considerable potential for development of further oxide ore
reserves at the deposit, they said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10216>
Canamax Resources Inc and Pacific
Trans-Ocean Resources Ltd said they conditionally approved
starting production at their jointly owned Ketza River gold
deposit in the Yukon after a study recommended the move.
    They said production was conditional on approval of a water
license and arrangement of appropriate financing. They
estimated development costs for the mine and mill would total
21.1 mln dlrs, including three mln dlrs of working capital.
    The feasibility study anticipated gold production of 49,600
ounces a year at a cost of 129 Canadian dlrs a short ton, they
said.
    Canamax and Pacific Trans-Ocean said the project would
yield a 40 pct after-tax real rate of return at a gold price of
400 U.S. dlrs an ounce.
    They said they would mine 460,000 tonnes of proven and
probable mineable reserves of oxide ore grading 0.45 ounce gold
per ton at a yearly rate of 112,000 tonnes for a mine life of
4.25 years.
    Possible reserves of 75,000 tonnes grading 0.38 ounce gold
per ton at the break zone would extend mine life by a year,
with considerable potential for development of further oxide
ore reserves at the deposit, they said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10485>
Pegasus Gold Inc said
milling operations have started at its Montana Tunnels open-pit
gold, silver, zinc and lead mine near Helena.
    The start-up is three months ahead of schedule and six mln
dlrs under budget, the company said. Original capital cost of
the mine was 57.5 mln dlrs, but came in at 51.5 mln dlrs, the
company said.
    After a start-up period, the mill is expected to produce 
106,000 ounces of gold, 1,700,000 ounces of silver, 26,000 tons
of zinc and 5,700 tons of lead on an annual basis from
4,300,000 tons of ore, the company said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10546>
The price of gold bullion and share
prices of North American gold stocks are benefiting from
continued weakness in the U.S. dollar, analysts said.
    "There's been a tug of war between the (currency)
speculators and the central banks over the U.S. dollar and it
looks like the game has gone to the speculators," said John Ing
at Maison Placements Canada Inc.
    The dollar remained close to post-World War II lows today
against the Japanese yen despite buying by several central
banks, including the Federal Reserve, dealers said.
    A drop in the dollar means uncertainty and gold is the
traditional hedge against uncertainty, Ing noted.
    Another analyst, Richard Cohen at Brown Baldwin Nisker Ltd,
noted that "a lot of foreign investors are holding U.S. dollars.
If they see they are losing money, they move back into gold."
    A dollar decline also has inflationary implications, Ing
said, adding that Maison Placements sees inflation rising to a
four pct annual rate from the current level of about three pct.
    Ing predicts gold will peak at 510 dlrs this year from its
current level of about 416 dlrs per ounce. Cohen sees an
average price of 425 dlrs, and another analyst, Michael
Pickens, at Yorkton Securities, puts the average at 450 dlrs,
with a possible spike above 500 dlrs.
    However, gold stocks in the U.S. and Canada have risen far
faster in recent months than the price of the metal itself,
causing concern among analysts that a correction lies somewhere
in the future. But for now, all analysts say there is no sign
the buying pressure is slowing down. "The stocks have run an
incredible way," Cohen said.
    On U.S. markets today, ASA Ltd &lt;ASA> rose 4-1/8 to 61-1/2,
Campbell Red Lake Mines &lt;CRK> was up 1-3/8 and Newmont Gold
&lt;NGC> increased 1-1/2 to 31-1/4.
    The Toronto Stock Exchange gold index today was up 268
points at 8067.90. Hemlo Gold gained 1-1/4 at 26-3/4, LAC
Minerals was up 1-5/8 at 41, Placer Development rose 1-1/4 at
43-3/8 and Lacana Mining gained 1 at 18.
    Ing pointed out that the TSE gold index has gained 51 pct
since December 31, 1986, while the price of bullion has
increased six pct. "Canadian golds have been the top performing
index this year," he noted.
    In the U.S., there is "too much money chasing too few
stocks," Pickens said. And many investing institutions such as
pension funds and insurance companies still have excess cash,
he added.
    Cohen also noted that today's silver price break through
six dlrs an ounce indicates small investors are entering the
precious metals market and he expects the ratio between gold
and silver prices to narrow.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10662>
President Alan Garcia said Peru has found
gold deposits worth an estimated 1.3 billion dlrs in a jungle
region near the Ecuadorean border about 1,000 km north of here.
    He told reporters the deposits, located at four sites near
the town of San Ignasio, contained the equivalent of 100 tonnes
of gold.
    Garcia said the government would soon install a two mln dlr
treatment plant at Tomaque. It will extract enough ore to
provide an estimated 25 mln dlr profit by the end of this year,
he added.
    Garcia said the other gold-bearing deposits are located at
Tamborapa, Pachapidiana and a zone between the Cenepa and
Santiago rivers.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10811>
President Alan Garcia said Peru has found
gold deposits worth an estimated 1.3 billion dlrs in a jungle
region near the Ecuadorean border about 1,000 km north of here.
    He told reporters yesterday the deposits, located at four
sites near the town of San Ignasio, contained the equivalent of
100 tonnes of gold.
    Garcia said the government would soon install a two mln dlr
treatment plant at Tomaque. It will extract enough ore to
provide an estimated 25 mln dlr profit by the end of this year,
he added.
    Garcia said the other gold-bearing deposits are located at
Tamborapa, Pachapidiana, and a zone between the Cenepa and
Santiago rivers.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10868>
Cornucopia Resources Ltd said an
extensive drill and sampling program will begin in mid-April at
its Ivanhoe gold property in north central Nevada.
    It said it will seek to increase the present reserves of
eight mln short tons grading 0.045 ounce of gold per ton that
had been found by USX Corp &lt;X> on a small portion of the
13,.000 acre property, determine the location of possible
high-grade ore zones at depth and test other targets.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10969>
City Resources Ltd said it has agreed
in principle to sell a 50 pct interest in a group of mineral
properties in the southwest Pacific to a buyer it did not name
for 30 mln Canadian dlrs.
    The company said a preliminary estimate of the geological
resources of one of the properties to a depth of 200 meters
indicates a potential of 1.2 mln ounces of gold, and by the
middle of 1987 it expects to establish proven ore reserves
containing at least 500,000 ounces of gold.  It said mining
could start in 1988, subject to a satisfactory prefeasibility
study.
    The company said completion of the transaction is subject
to regulatory and shareholder approvals.
    City Resources is controlled by City Resources Ltd of
Australia.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10994>
City Resources Ltd said it has agreed
in principle to sell a 50 pct interest in a group of mineral
properties in the southwest Pacific to a buyer it did not name
for 30 mln Canadian dlrs.
    The company said a preliminary estimate of the geological
resources of one of the properties to a depth of 200 meters
indicates a potential of 1.2 mln ounces of gold, and by the
middle of 1987 it expects to establish proven ore reserves
containing at least 500,000 ounces of gold. Mining could start
in 1988, subject to a satisfactory feasibility study.
    The company said completion of the transaction is subject
to regulatory and shareholder approvals.
    City Resources is controlled by City Resources Ltd of
Australia.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11627>
Echo Bay Mines Ltd said it
discovered a gold deposit in the Cove area near its McCoy gold
mine in Nevada.
    Echo Bay said it encountered gold in 39 of 42 drill holes
at Cove. It said seven holes averaged 0.185 ounce gold a short
ton and 1.8 ounces of silver, with the seven intersections
averaging 118 feet in thickness beneath 25 feet of overburden.
    The discovery is on the McCoy property, one mile northeast
of the McCoy open pit, heap leach gold mine, which is expected
to produce about 85,000 ounces of gold this year, Echo Bay
said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11638>
Echo Bay Mines Ltd said it
discovered a gold deposit in the Cove area near its McCoy gold
mine in Nevada.
    Echo Bay said it encountered gold in 39 of 42 drill holes
at Cove. It said seven holes averaged 0.185 ounce gold a short
ton and 1.8 ounces of silver, with the seven intersections
averaging 118 feet in thickness beneath 25 feet of overburden.
    The discovery is on the McCoy property, one mile northeast
of the McCoy open pit, heap leach gold mine, which is expected
to produce about 85,000 ounces of gold this year, Echo Bay
said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11830>
A proposed sales tax on gold transactions
could put a damper on the Tokyo market and encourage a shift of
trading to Hong Kong and Singapore, senior vice president and
Tokyo branch manager of Credit Suisse Paul Hofer told a press
conference.
    "If you impose five pct on both buy and sell transactions,
Tokyo participants in the gold market could be out of business,"
he said. The tax would create such a spread that Japanese would
be unable to compete in the international market, he added.
    "How can the government really raise taxes if the system
they impose is prohibitive of generating business?" he said.
    The government now imposes a 15 pct tax on physical trades
exceeding 37,500 yen for gold jewellery and coins and a 2.5 yen
tax per 10,000 yen on futures transactions, gold dealers said.
    The new five pct tax would be imposed on companies trading
more than 100 mln yen a year and apply to paper gold trades,
gold deposits with banks and trading of gold bars as well as
that of jewellery and coins, dealers said.
    However, the tax would lower the rate on jewellery and
coins to only five pct from the current 15 pct, they said.
    Hofer said in 1982 Switzerland had imposed a 5.6 pct gold
turnover tax on Jan 1, 1980, but abolished it on Oct 1, 1986.
    A study by one of the Swiss banks showed that in early
1980, the first year of the tax, the volume for all Swiss banks
fell by up to 25 pct compared with 1978 and 1979, Hofer said.
    Transactions of paper gold also fell up to 75 pct of the
volume prior to imposition of the tax, he said.
    While gold transactions in Switzerland decreased, the
volume of trades outside the country, particularly in London
and Luxembourg, increased between 10-25 pct, Hofer said.
    Japan is a major importer of gold, buying a yearly average
just under 200 tonnes, gold dealers said.
    Last year Japan imported about 600 tonnes of gold, but the
government had bought about 300 tonnes for minting coins to
commemorate the 60th year of Emperor Hirohito's reign, dealers
said.
    Gold trading in Tokyo is dominated mainly by Japanese
trading companies, while Credit Suisse is the major foreign
participant.
    Daily turnover in the Tokyo spot market ranges between one
and 10 tonnes with the average around three tonnes, while
futures turnover amounts to about four tonnes, gold dealers
said.
    "All of us are concerned daily with the fact that the Tokyo
market is growing, that Japan is becoming one of the three
major financial markets in the world ... And in my personal
opinion I think it would be a very big mistake to put a damper
on this positive growth or developments by imposing such a tax,"
Hofer said.
    "I don't think it fits the philosophy of an
internationalising market," he added.
    Officials of several major Japanese trading houses,
attending the press conference, said they supported Credit
Suisse's call for the government not to impose the gold tax.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11839>
The climate for precious metals is
improving with prices benefiting from renewed inflation fears
and the switching of funds from dollar and stock markets,
brokers Samuel Montagu and Co Ltd said.
    Silver prices in March gained some 15 pct in dlr terms due
to a weak dollar and silver is felt to be fairly cheap relative
to gold, Montagu said in its monthly silver newsletter. In
March the gold/silver ratio narrowed from 74 to less than 67.
    The supply/demand position has improved in the past year,
and despite a silver market surplus, the quantity of silver is
modest enough to be absorbed by investors, it added.
    The report said the firmness in oil prices was likely to
continue in the short term.
    A period of consolidation might be necessary before prices
attempted to move significantly higher,it said, but so long as
the dollar remains under pressure then the outlook for silver
was positive.
    However silver was less likely to continue to outpace the
other metals by such a margin, Montagu said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11852>
The climate for precious metals is
improving with prices benefiting from renewed inflation fears
and the switching of funds from dollar and stock markets,
brokers Samuel Montagu and Co Ltd said.
    Silver prices in March gained some 15 pct in dlr terms due
to a weak dollar and silver is felt to be fairly cheap relative
to gold, Montagu said in its monthly silver newsletter. In
March the gold/silver ratio narrowed from 74 to less than 67.
    The supply/demand position has improved in the past year,
and despite a silver market surplus, the quantity of silver is
modest enough to be absorbed by investors, it added.
    The report said the firmness in oil prices was likely to
continue in the short term.
    A period of consolidation might be necessary before prices
attempted to move significantly higher,it said, but so long as
the dollar remains under pressure then the outlook for silver
was positive.
    However silver was less likely to continue to outpace the
other metals by such a margin, Montagu said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12442>
About 8,000 black miners returned
to work after a week-long industrial action at South Africa's
largest gold mine, mine owner Anglo American Corp of South
Africa Ltd &lt;ANGL.J> said.
    A spokesman for the mining house said the action started on
Wednesday last week when thousands of miners staged a go-slow
at One underground shaft of the Free State Geduld division of
Free State Consolidated Gold Mines Ltd &lt;FSCN.J>.
    The action later escalated into an underground sit-in at
the mine over the weekend, prompting management to close the
affected shaft because of what the company described as "the
creation of unsafe working conditions."
    Anglo American spokesman John Kingsley-Jones said the
company held talks with the National Union of Mineworkers
(NUM), South Africa's biggest trade union which claims a
membership of 360,000 black workers, but failed to establish
the cause of worker dissatisfaction. He acknowledged that the
mine suffered a loss of production, but declined to give
estimates.
    Free State Consolidated last year produced 104 tonnes of
gold from 28 underground shafts.
    The NUM was not immediately available for comment on the
action. But a spokesman for the union earlier told the South
African Press Association that miners had been locked out of
the mine at the weekend after staging a strike in protest
against being ordered to carry bags containing explosives as
well as food for white miners.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12796>
The following deliveries are scheduled
for April 6 against Chicago Baord of Trade Futures -
    Silver - 392 lots at Chicago, Illinois.
    Kilo Gold - 21 lots. 16 at Chicago, Illinois, 5 at New
York, New York.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12963>
&lt;Meston Lake Resources Inc>, 65.3 pct
owned by Campbell Resources Inc, said it will begin commercial
output at its Joe Mann mine in the Chibougamu area of Quebec at
an initial daily rate of 500 short tons of ore grading 0.15
ounce of gold per ton.
    It said it will improve throughput to 700 tons a day at
0.221 ounce of gold per ton.
    Meston said current ore reserves at the property total
910,000 tons grading 0.211 ounces of gold per ton and 0.3 pct
copper, but it may be able to develop "substantially greater
tonnage."
  
    Meston said underground drilling below current developed
reserves has intersected the main zone 200 feet below the
bottom level, with the average grade assayed at 0.530 ounce of
gold per ton over true width of 17 feet.
    A recent drillhole, east of the current shaft and 600 feet
from the reserve boundary, intersected three zones grading,
respectively, 0.708 ounce per ton over 5.4 feet at depth of 650
feet, 0.706 ounce over seven feet at depth of 765 feet and
0.418 ounce over one foot at depth of 1,000 feet. A second
surface hole, 500 feet farther east, intersected 1.068 ounce
per ton over 5.3 feet.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12987>
Asamera Inc said it will
transfer all its mineral interests into a new wholly owned
subsidiary, Asamera Minerals Inc, which will later issue up to
15 pct of its shares to the public.
    The mineral interests will include Asamera's 51 pct
interest in the Cannon gold mine in Wenatchee, Wash. Asamera
said the mine produced 116,514 ounces of gold in 1986 and is
expected to produce 130,000 to 140,000 ounces this year.
    Asamera said its talks with Breakwater Resources Ltd
&lt;BWRLF> on a possible merger of mining interests, including the
Cannon mine, have been terminated. It did not elaborate.
     
    Asamera said holding all its mineral properties in a
separate company will give better and more direct recognition
to the value of the assets.
    Its other mining interests include gold exploration
prospects on 13,000 acres in Inyo County, Calif., and 500,000
acres in Canada's Northwest Territories, the Gooseberry gold
and silver mine in Nevada, chromite properties in northern
California and Newfoundland, and a platinum prospect in the
Rankin Inlet, Northwest Territories.
                                                               
        
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13116>
U.S. mine production of gold rose to
244,900 troy ounces in December from 244,749 ounces in
November, the U.S. Interior Department's Bureau of Mines said.
    U.S. imports of gold in December were 692,700 ounces, vs
2,011,754 ounces in November and 611,811 ounces in December,
1985.
    Gold exports totaled 243,191 ounces in December, vs
November's 374,468 ounces and 350,078 ounces in December a year
earlier.
    Mine production of gold in the 12-month period Jan-Dec,
1986, totaled 2,951,151 ounces, vs 2,475,436 ounces over the
same period in 1985.
    Gold imports in Jan-Dec, 1986, totaled 15,749,447 ounces,
vs 8,225,999 ounces for the same period in 1985, while exports
stood at 4,612,919 ounces and 3,966,678 ounces over the
respective periods, the bureau said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13690>
South African gold holdings rose 172.56
mln rand to 4.17 billion rand in March after rising 39 mln rand
to 4.0 billion rand in February, Reserve Bank figures show.
    In volume terms gold holdings rose to 5.51 mln ounces in
March from 5.26 mln ounces in February, valued at 757.24 rand
an ounce for March versus 754.59 rand an ounce for February.
    Total gold and foreign assets rose to 6.30 billion rand
from 6.22 billion, of which the gold content increased to 66.22
pct from 64.3 pct.
    Foreign bills remained at zero in March while investments
fell slightly to 105.69 mln rand from February's 106.56 mln
rand and other assets to 2.02 billion rand from 2.11 billion,
the figures showed.
    Total liabilities fell to 12.21 billion rand in March after
rising to 13.62 billion in February.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13757>
&lt;Syngold Exploration Inc> and &lt;Corp
Falconbridge Copper> said they defined undiluted reserves of
911,000 tons of ore with an average grade of 0.43 ounces of
gold per ton in two separate deposits on the Deka property
located at Noranda, Quebec.
    Assay results from 20 suface holes drilled on 250 foot
centers indicate that the Donalda number one deposit contains
possible reserves of 611,000 tons at an average grade of 0.48
ounces of gold per ton.
    The number one deposit's reserves are contained between a
vertical depth of 750 and 1200 feet at a strike length of 900
feet.
    Reserves of the Donalda number-two deposit, located 1,000
feet below the number-one deposit, were recalculated at 300,000
tons with an average grade of 0.33 ounces of gold per ton.
    Syngold has earned a 20 pct interest in the Deka property
from the operator, Corp Falconbridge Copper.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13791>
South Africa gold holdings rose 172.56
mln rand to 4.17 billion rand in March after rising 39 mln rand
to 4.0 billion in February, Reserve Bank figures show.
    In volume terms gold holdings rose to 5.51 mln ounces in
March from 5.26 mln ounces in February, valued at 757.24 rand
an ounce for March versus 754.59 rand an ounce for February.
    Total gold and foreign assets rose to 6.30 billion rand
from 6.22 billion, of which the gold content increased to 66.22
pct from 64.3 pct.
    Foreign bills remained at zero in March while investments
fell slightly to 105.69 mln rand from February's 106.56 mln
rand and other assets to 2.02 billion rand from 2.11 billion,
the figures showed. Total liabilities fell to 12.21 billion
rand in March after rising to 13.62 billion in February.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14572>
Westmin Resources Ltd said it
plans to increase capacity at its Myra Falls, British Columbia,
base and precious metal mine and mill complex by 33 pct to
4,400 short tons of ore a day, subject to regulatory approvals.
    The company said the expansion will cost about 24 mln dlrs
and could be in operation by 1988.
    Economies of scale from the expansion should pay back net
expansion cost in less than one year, Westmin said.
    The Myra Falls complex processed 3,257 tons of ore a day
during 1986. Myra Falls 1986 production was 44,000 ounces of
gold, 966,266 ounces of silver, 45.5 mln lbs of copper, 96.2
mln lbs of zinc and 777,000 lbs of lead, a company spokesman
said.
    Myra Falls 1986 production was 44,000 ounces of gold,
966,266 ounces of silver, 45.5 mln pounds of copper, 96.2 mln
pounds of zinc and 777,000 pounds of lead, a company spokesman
said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2073>
Seven managers and employees at
General Mining Union Corp Ltd's Kinross Mines Ltd will face
charges of culpable homicide following last year's disaster
when 177 gold miners died, the Attorney General's Office said.
    The mineworkers were killed last September at Kinross when
a fire set off toxic fumes which suffocated miners underground.
    Three of the accused face alternative charges of breaking
safety regulations set out in the Mines and Works Act.
    The spokesman said the case would probably be heard in
Witbank Regional Court, near Kinross, in mid-May.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2411>
Giant Bay Resources
Ltd said a metallurgical study of its Gordon Lake gold deposit
indicated an overall recovery of 95 pct to 96 pct of the gold
can be achieved by either direct cyanidation of ore or
flotation followed by cyanidation of concentrate.
    Continuation of an underground program on the property will
begin in June, extending an existing drift along the
200-foot-level where the main ore zone was encountered, Giant
Bay said.
    The company did not elaborate on production figures for the
property.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2559>
Silver State Mining Corp said it expects
gold production this year to be more than double 1986's 17,458
ounces.
    The company's 1985 production was 2,050 ounces.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2762>
The Pioneer Group Inc said its 70
pct-owned Teberebie Goldfields Ltd venture has been granted an
additional concession of land in Ghana to look for and mine
gold.
    The State Gold Mining Corp of Ghana granted the venture an
additional 14.5 square kilometers in Teberebie, Ghana,
contiguous to 11.5 square kilometers granted earlier, the
company said.
    The original concession appears to have a substantial
amount of gold bearing material containing about 2 grams, or
6/100 ounces, of gold per metric ton.
    But the venture has no firm estimates on the costs of
extracting the gold and no assurances can be given that the
reserves can be mined profitably, the company said.
    It said Teberebie Goldfields has not conducted tests on the
newly granted land but added the land seems to be similar in
geological characteristics to the original land.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2782>
Technigen Platinum corp said it
initial results of a 13-hole drilling program on its R.M. Nicel
platinum property in Rouyn-Noranda, Quebec, indicate
"extensive" near-surface zones "highly" enriched in gold,
platinum and palladium were found in rocks on the periphery of
a sulphide deposit.
    It said values of up to 0.073 ounce of platinum, 0.206
ounce palladium, three pct copper and 4.5 pct nickel were found
over a drill section of 13 feet.
                  
 More
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2785>
The Pioneer Group Inc said its 70
pct-owned Teberebie Goldfields Ltd venture was granted an
additional concession of land in Ghana to seek and mine gold.
    The State Gold Mining Corp of Ghana granted the venture an
additional 14.5 square kilometers in Teberebie, Ghana,
contiguous to 11.5 square kilometers granted earlier.
    The original concession appears to have a substantial
amount of gold bearing material containing about 2 grams, or
6/100 ounces, of gold per tonne. But the venture has no firm
estimate on the costs of extracting the gold and no assurances
can be given that the reserves can be mined profitably, the
company said. It said Teberebie Goldfields has not conducted
tests on the newly granted land but added the land seems to be
similar in geological characteristics to the original land.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2880>
Technigen Platinum corp said initial
results of a 13-hole drilling program on its R.M. Nicel
platinum property in Rouyn-Noranda, Quebec, indicate extensive
near-surface zones highly enriched in gold, platinum and
palladium.
    The metals were found in rocks on the periphery of a
sulphide deposit.
    It said values of up to 0.073 ounce of platinum, 0.206
ounce palladium, three pct copper and 4.5 pct nickel were found
over a drill section of 13 feet.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2983>
&lt;Placer Pacific Ltd> said it hopes the
Papua New Guinea government will approve development of the
Misima gold project next month, following the submission of its
final environmental plan in Port Moresby today.
    This completes the major documentation required to gain
official approval to proceed, Placer said in a statement.
    Placer has estimated the epithermal deposit, located on the
eastern half of Misima Island off the southeastern coast of
Papua New Guinea, contains proven and probable reserves of 62.1
mln tonnes grading 1.35 grams/tonne gold and 20 grams/tonne
silver, and exploration is continuing.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3322>
Carolin Mines Ltd
said recent assays of tailings at its Hope, British Columbia
mine ranged from 0.50 to 0.64 ounces of gold per ton. 
    There were only trace amounts of platinum and palladium,
the company said.
    Carolin said the results sharply disagreed with an earlier
assay performed by Intergold U.S.A. Inc which showed 1.0 ounce
of gold per ton and 0.50 ounce of platinum per ton.
    Carolin also said it expects to receive results of further
tests and assays of the tailings within two to three weeks.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3327>
Carolin Mines Ltd
said recent assays of tailings at its Hope, British Columbia
mine indicated that ounces of gold per ton ranged from 0.64 to
0.50.
    There were only trace amounts of platinum and palladium,
the company said.
    Carolin said the results sharply disagreed with an earlier
assay performed by Intergold U.S.A. Inc which showed one ounce
of gold per ton and 1/2 ounce of platinum per ton.
    Carolin also said it expects to receive results of further
tests and assays of the tailings within two to three weeks.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3574>
St. Joe Gold Corp said it plans to
proceed with development of its Golden Patricia gold property
in northwestern Ontario.
    It said about five mln dlrs will be spent to continue
underground development and obtain operating permits and
another 10.2 mln dlrs is expected to be required to complete
underground development, construct a mill and provide the
infrastructure needed to put the mine into commercial
production.
    St. Joe Gold said if the necessary operating permits were
granted in time, it would start gold production in the second
half of the year ending October 31, 1988 at an annual rate of
about 40,000 troy ounces.
    The company said the property is estimated to contain over
500,000 troy ounces of gold, and the initial mining project
covers only seven of 192 claims, with drill-indicated reserves
of 293,000 short tons grading 0.88 troy ounce of gold per ton.
    It said initial mine output is expected to be about 150
tons of ore daily.
    St. Joe Gold said the Golden Patricia vein has not been
tested at depth or along strike to the east and west and
exploration is continuing on the Golden Patricia property and
the adjacent wholly-owned Muskeg Lake property.
    The company also said its Richmond Hill gold and silver
deposit in the Carbonate district of western South Dakota has
been shown by drilling to contain about 3,900,000 tons grading
0.055 troy ounce of gold and 0.23 troy ounce of silver per ton.
 It said preliminary results are encouraging and a feasibility
study is nearing completion.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3625>
&lt;Sigma Mines (Quebec) Ltd>, 65 pct
owned by Dome Mines Ltd &lt;DM>, said its Sigma Mine had proven
and probable reserves at the end of 1986 of 4,902,940 tons,
with an average grade of 0.139 ounces of gold a ton.
    Sigma said the reserves are equivalent to 10 years future
production at current milling rates.
    The reserves comprise 1,640,779 tons proven reserves
grading an average of 0.163 ounces of gold a ton and 3,262,161
tons probable reserves grading an average of 0.127 ounces of
gold a ton.
    Sigma said it changed its 1986 reserve reporting method
following Dome Mines previously reported move to adopt general
industry practice of reporting proven and probable ore
reserves.
    Prior to 1986, Sigma conservatively reported only proven
reserves that could be mined without future development costs.
    Proven reserves as of December 31, 1985 were 978,000 tons
grading an average of 0.194 ounces of gold a ton, equivalent to
about two years future production.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3646>
St. Joe Gold Corp said it plans to
proceed with development of its Golden Patricia gold property
in northwestern Ontario.
    It said about five mln dlrs will be spent to continue
underground development and obtain operating permits and
another 10.2 mln dlrs is expected to be required to complete
underground development, construct a mill and provide the
infrastructure needed to put the mine into commercial
production.
    St. Joe Gold said if the necessary operating permits were
granted in time, it would start gold production in the second
half of the year ending October 31, 1988 at an annual rate of
about 40,000 troy ounces.
    The company said the property is estimated to contain over
500,000 troy ounces of gold, and the initial mining project
covers only seven of 192 claims, with drill-indicated reserves
of 293,000 short tons grading 0.88 troy ounce of gold per ton.
    It said initial mine output is expected to be about 150
tons of ore daily.
    St. Joe Gold said the Golden Patricia vein has not been
tested at depth or along strike to the east and west and
exploration is continuing on the Golden Patricia property and
the adjacent wholly-owned Muskeg Lake property.
    The company also said its Richmond Hill gold and silver
deposit in the Carbonate district of western South Dakota has
been shown by drilling to contain about 3,900,000 tons grading
0.055 troy ounce of gold and 0.23 troy ounce of silver per ton.
 It said preliminary results are encouraging and a feasibility
study is nearing completion.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3704>
&lt;Sigma Mines (Quebec) Ltd>, 65 pct
owned by Dome Mines Ltd, said its Sigma Mine had proven and
probable reserves at the end of 1986 of 4,902,940 tons, with an
average grade of 0.139 ounces of gold a ton.
    Sigma said the reserves are equivalent to 10 years future
production at current milling rates.
    The reserves comprise 1,640,779 tons proven reserves
grading an average of 0.163 ounces of gold a ton and 3,262,161
tons probable reserves grading an average of 0.127 ounces of
gold a ton.
    Sigma said it changed its 1986 reserve reporting method
following Dome Mines' previously reported move to adopt general
industry practice of reporting proven and probable ore
reserves.
    Prior to 1986, Sigma conservatively reported only proven
reserves that could be mined without future development costs.
    Proven reserves as of December 31, 1985 were 978,000 tons
grading an average of 0.194 ounces of gold a ton, equivalent to
about two years future production.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3793>
Britain will from next autumn mint and
market a new bullion coin called the "Britannia" containing one
ounce of 24 carat gold, together with bullion coins of smaller
denominations, a Treasury official said.
    The new investment coin, to be sold worldwide, will
fluctuate in price according to the international price of
gold.
    The smaller coins will be in denominations of a half ounce,
a quarter ounce and a tenth of an ounce. REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3997>
Franco Nevada Mining Corp Ltd said the
gain in its stock price today is related to deep drilling being
conducted by American Barrick Resources Corp at the Goldstrike
claims in the Carlin camp in northern Nevada.
    Franco Nevada stock is up two at seven dlrs per share on
the Toronto Stock Exchange.
    Franco Nevada said American Barrick announced on March nine
that the drilling indicated a number of significant
intersections of sulfide gold mineralization below a depth of
about 1,000 feet.
    One vertical drill hole intersected gold continuously from
1,100 feet to 1,730 feet averaging 0.30 ounces per short ton,
the announcement said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4058>
North Broken Hill Holdings Ltd
&lt;NBHA.ME> (NBH) said it will offer one &lt;Norgold Ltd> share for
every five NBH shares in the float of its newly created gold
offshoot.
    The 20 cent par-value shares will be offered at 22 cents to
shareholders registered April 3, NBH said in a statement.
    Norgold's issued capital will be 240.5 mln shares, of which
63 pct will be held by NBH after 89 mln are issued to
shareholders to raise 19.6 mln dlrs, it said.
    Norgold will take control of a portfolio of precious metal
exploration and pre-development interests held by NBH.
    The major gold deposit to be acquired by Norgold is 100 pct
of the Bottle Creek deposit, west of Leonora in Western
Australia, NBH said.
    Production of gold from the project, at an annual rate of
35,000 ounces, is scheduled to begin early in 1988.
    Norgold will also have a 10 pct stake in the Coronation
Hill gold/platinum project in the Northern Territory and 43 pct
of the Poona copper/gold project in South Australia.
    Other gold exploration interests to be acquired by Norgold
are in Western Australia, Queensland, New South Wales and
Tasmania, NBH said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4066>
Britain will from next autumn mint and
market a new bullion coin called the "Britannia" containing one
ounce of 24 carat gold, together with bullion coins of smaller
denominations, a Treasury official said.
    The new investment coin, to be sold worldwide, will
fluctuate in price according to the international price of
gold.
    The smaller coins will be in denominations of a half ounce,
a quarter ounce and a tenth of an ounce. REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4407>
The new British one ounce gold coin, the
"Britannia," will be priced on the basis of the gold price on the
day of purchase plus a "competitive premium," Treasury officials
said.
    Value added tax will be levied on all purchases by members
of the U.K. Public, as is currently the case with foreign
coins, although transactions between members of the London Gold
Market and all exports of the coins will be zero-rated. No
decision has yet been taken on the face value of the coins.
    Although a number of gold coins, especially the Canadian
Maple, have been issued elsewhere in an attempt to take the
place of the South African krugerrand, the British government
still feels that there is a gap in the market for a British one
ounce gold coin. The only British gold coin available at
present is the sovereign, which contains 0.2354 ounces of gold.
    Gold from South Africa or the Soviet Union will not be used
in the coin, officials said, adding that bullion would be
bought on the world gold market. But analysts said it would be
difficult to ascertain the origins of such purchases.
    No details are yet available on how many coins will be
issued or how much gold will be bought, but traders said that
the amounts involved would be unlikely to move the gold price.
    There were some enquiries on the "Britannia" from coin
dealers today, but value added tax would prove a major factor
in the success of the coin, with the 15 pct tax likely to put
off many investors, traders said.
    Some said that the "Britannia" had come too late, with the
Canadian Maple Leaf, the American Eagle and other gold coins
already well established.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4648>
The cabinet has approved a bill making it
easier for the government to issue commemorative coins, a
Finance Ministry official said.
    The bill, which must still be approved by parliament, would
take effect in April 1988. It would allow the government to
issue 1,000, 5,000 and 10,000 yen coins without special
legislation, although higher-valued coins would still need a
special law, the official said. At present it can only issue
coins of 500 yen or less.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4708>
The cabinet has approved a bill making it
easier for the government to issue commemorative coins, a
Finance Ministry official said.
    The bill, which must still be approved by parliament, would
take effect in April 1988. It would allow the government to
issue 1,000, 5,000 and 10,000 yen coins without special
legislation, although higher-valued coins would still need a
special law, the official said. At present it can only issue
coins of 500 yen or less.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4816>
The  Ministry of Mines
has announced the discovery of a major gold field in Grand Bois
in Haiti's mineral-rich North.
    At a press conference yesterday, a Ministry spokesman
reported the deposit contained an estimated 44 mln tons of ore,
with each ton capable of containing 7,666 grams of gold. The
spokesman gave no estimate of what he thought the find,
discovered on Wednesday, was worth.
    However, mining could only begin after foreign partners
invest eight mln dlrs needed for technical equipment, the
spokesman said.
    The Haitian government has never before operated a gold
mine, but the United Nations has recently completed a three
year feasibility study which lists Grand Bois and Morne Bossa
as sites of important gold deposits.
    In 1971, the Sedren copper mine in Gonaives, operated by a
Canadian firm, closed down after years of mining a concentrate
containing gold as well as copper.
    "The new Grand Bois mine represents large amounts of money,"
said a former official of Sedren Mine.
    "But like everything else there's a catch. The gold has to
be extracted, and first someone has to come up with the money
to finance the operation," the official, who asked not to be
named, told Reuters.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5209>
&lt;Dowa Mining Co Ltd> said it will start
commercial production of gold, copper, lead and zinc from its
Nurukawa Mine in northern Japan in April.
    A company spokesman said the mine's monthly output is
expected to consist of 1,300 tonnes of gold ore and 3,700 of
black ore, which consists of copper, lead and zinc ores.
    A company survey shows the gold ore contains up to 13.3
grams of gold per tonne, he said.
    Proven gold ore reserves amount to 50,000 tonnes while
estimated reserves of gold and black ores total one mln tonnes,
he added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5255>
Gold is expected to continue its rise
this year due to renewed inflationary pressures, especially in
the U.S., Hamburg-based Vereins- und Westbank AG said.
    It said in a statement the stabilisation of crude oil
prices and the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries'
efforts to achieve further firming of the price led to growing
inflationary pressures in the U.S., The world's biggest crude
oil producer.
    Money supplies in the U.S., Japan and West Germany exceed
the central banks' limits and real growth of their gross
national products, it said.
    Use of physical gold should rise this year due to increased
industrial demand and higher expected coin production, the bank
said.
    Speculative demand, which influences the gold price on
futures markets, has also risen. These factors and South
Africa's unstable political situation, which may lead to a
temporary reduction in gold supplies from that country,
underline the firmer sentiment, it said.
    However, Australia's output is estimated to rise to 90
tonnes this year from 73.5 tonnes in 1986.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5323>
Gold is expected to continue its rise
this year due to renewed inflationary pressures, especially in
the U.S., Hamburg-based Vereins- und Westbank AG said.
    It said in a statement the stabilisation of crude oil
prices and the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries'
efforts to achieve further firming of the price has led to
growing inflationary pressures in the U.S.
    Money supplies in the U.S., Japan and West Germany exceed
central bank limits and real growth of their gross national
products, it added.
    Use of physical gold should rise this year due to increased
industrial demand and higher expected coin production, the bank
said.
    Speculative demand, which influences the gold price on
futures markets, has also risen, the bank said.
    These factors and South Africa's unstable political
situation, which may lead to a temporary reduction in gold
supplies from that country, underscore the firmer sentiment, it
said.
    However, Australia's output is estimated to rise to 90
tonnes this year from 73.5 tonnes in 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5481>
Some 7,000 black miners went on
strike at South African gold and coal mines, the National Union
of Mineworkers (NUM) said.
    A NUM spokesman said 6,000 workers began an underground
sit-in at the Grootvlei gold mine, owned by General Union
Mining Corp, to protest the transfer of colleagues to different
jobs.
   He said about 1,000 employees of Anglo American Corp's New
Vaal Colliery also downed tools but the reason for the stoppage
was not immediately clear. Officials of the two companies were
not available for comment and the NUM said it was trying to
start negotiations with management.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5526>
Levon Resources Ltd
said re-checked gold assays from the Howard tunnel on its
Congress, British Columbia property yielded higher gold grades
than those reported in January and February.
    It said assays from zone one averaged 0.809 ounces of gold
a ton over a 40 foot section with an average width of 6.26
feet. Levon previously reported the zone averaged 0.226 ounces
of gold a ton over a 40 foot section with average width of 5.16
feet. Levon said re-checked assays from zone two averaged 0.693
ounces of gold a ton over a 123 foot section with average width
of 4.66 feet.
    Levon Resources said the revised zone two assays compared
to previously reported averages of 0.545 ounces of gold a ton
over a 103 foot section with average width of 4.302 feet.
    The company also said it intersected another vein 90 feet
west of zone two, which assayed 0.531 ounces of gold a ton
across a width of 3.87 feet.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5541>
British Petroleum Co PLC said based on
a feasibility report from &lt;Ridgeway Mining Co>, its joint
venture Ridgeway Project in South Carolina could start
commercial gold production by mid-1988.
    The company said the mine would produce at an approximate
rate of 158,000 ounces of gold per year over the first four
full years of operation from 1989 through 1992 and at an
average of 133,000 ounces a year over the full projected
11-year life of the mine.
    BP's partner in the venture is Galactic Resources Ltd
&lt;GALCF> of Toronto.
    The company said subject to receipt of all statutory
permits, finalization of financing arrangements and management
and joint venture review, construction of a 15,000 short ton
per day processing facility can start.  Capital costs to bring
the mine into production are estimated at 76 mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5558>
British Petroleum Co PLC said based on
a feasibility report from Ridgeway Mining Co, its joint venture
Ridgeway Project in South Carolina could start commercial gold
production by mid-1988.
    The company said the mine would produce approximately
158,000 ounces of gold per year over the first four full years
of operation from 1989 through 1992 and at an average 133,000
ounces a year over the full projected 11 year life of the mine.
    BP's partner is Galactic Resources Ltd of Toronto.
    BP said subject to receipt of all statutory permits,
finalization of financing arrangements and management and joint
venture review, construction of a 15,000 short ton per day
processing facility can start. Capital costs to bring the mine
into production are estimated at 76 mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5564>
Levon Resources Ltd
said re-checked gold assays from the Howard tunnel on its
Congress, British Columbia property yielded higher gold grades
than those reported in January and February.
    It said assays from zone one averaged 0.809 ounces of gold
a ton. Levon previously reported the zone averaged 0.226 ounces
of gold a ton. Levon said re-checked assays from zone two
averaged 0.693 ounces of gold a ton.
    Levon Resources said the revised zone two assays compared
to previously reported averages of 0.545 ounces of gold a ton.
    The company also said it intersected another vein 90 feet
west of zone two, which assayed 0.531 ounces of gold a ton.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5567>
&lt;Starrex Mining Corp Ltd> said a sharp

rise in its share price is based on speculation for favorable
results from its current underground diamond drilling program
at its 35 pct owned Star Lake gold mine in northern
Saskatchewan.
    Starrex Mining shares rose 40 cts to 4.75 dlrs in trading
on the Toronto Stock Exchange.
    The company said drilling results from the program which
started in late February are encouraging, "but it is too soon
for conclusions." Starrex did not disclose check assay results
from the exploration program.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5932>
Viceroy Resource
Corp said recent drilling on the Lesley Ann deposit extended
the high-grade mineralization over a width of 600 feet.
    Assays ranged from 0.35 ounces of gold per ton over a
150-foot interval at a depth of 350 to 500 feet to 1.1 ounces
of gold per ton over a 65-foot interval at a depth of 200 to
410 feet.
    
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5958>
Viceroy Resource
Corp said recent drilling on the Lesley Ann deposit extended
the high-grade mineralization over a width of 600 feet.
    Assays ranged from about 0.35 ounces of gold per short ton
over a 150-foot interval at a depth of 350 to 500 feet to about
1.1 ounces of gold per ton over a 65-foot interval at a depth
of 200 to 410 feet.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6218>
Inspiration Resources Corp said a gold
project in northern Manitoba in which it has a 44.8 pct
interest has yielded estimated total reserves of 1,580,000
short tons grading an average 0.185 ounce of gold per ton.
    The company said &lt;Manitoba Mineral Resources Ltd> owns the
remaining interest in the project, which is located about 25
miles east of Lynn Lake.
    Inspiration said the project has proven reserves of 538,000
tons assayed at 0.212 ounce of gold per ton, probable reserves
of 686,000 tons at 0.166 ounce and possible reserves of 355,000
tons at 0.183 ounce.
    Inspiration said a production decision is expected to be
made in 1988.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6658>
Morgan Guaranty Trust Co of New York
plans an issue of 12,000 warrants for gold bullion at 425 dlrs
an ounce, lead manager Morgan Guaranty (Switzerland) AG said.
    Each warrant, priced at 955 Swiss francs, entitled holders
to acquire five-ounce bars of .999 gold in the period from
April 30, 1987, to July 31, 1991, exercisable on Wednesdays.
    The warrants represented unsecured, unsubordinated
liabilities of the borrower. Payment was due April 16, and a
quotation on the Luxembourg bourse was planned.
    The warrants, when exercised, would be repaid in current
dollars based on the value of gold on the exercise date.
    The conditions represent a premium of about 145 dlrs an
ounce to the current gold price.
    A Morgan (Switzerland) official said that on the basis of
the maturity of four years and three months, the pricing
involved an implicit volatility of gold of 24.5 pct before the
warrants were in the money, compared with implicit volatility
of 30 pct for the Indosuez gold warrants and 26 pct for the
Citibank gold warrants recent issued with maturities of 18 and
24 months.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6872>
East Rand Proprietary Mines Ltd
said that barring any major disruption in production, it
expects 1987 gold output to top 10 tonnes after dropping to
9.223 tonnes last year from 10.251 in 1985.
    Chairman Clive Knobbs said in the annual report the mine
was expected to mill a higher tonnage while capital expenditure
during 1987 will be around 118.5 mln rand.
   The decline in gold production last year was due to a four
pct drop in tonnage milled and a seven pct decline in grade.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6957>
Some 7,000 black workers returned
to work after staging one-day strikes at two mines on Monday,
the National Union of Mineworkers and the companies that own
the mines said.
    About 6,000 miners resumed work at the Grootvlei gold mine
east of Johannesburg after protesting the transfer of
colleagues to other jobs at the same mine, owners General
Mining Union Corp Ltd &lt;GENM.J> said.
    The union said about 1,000 mineworkers at a new coal
facility owned by Anglo American Corp of South Africa Ltd
&lt;ANGL.J> also returned to their jobs on Tuesday.
    The workers at Anglo's Vaal Colliery south of Johannesburg
had struck to protest the alleged refusal of officials of the
South African homeland of Transkei to allow miners to attend a
funeral in the homeland, a union spokesman said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6985>
Pyongyang and a group of Tokyo-based
North Korean businessmen plan to resurrect a North Korean
goldmine and boost annual output to almost one tonne within two
years from 600 pounds at present, said Li Sangsu, a spokesman
for &lt;Unzan Mine Development Co>, the venture partner.
    Work will begin on April 3 and the company aims to increase
output to 10 tonnes within a decade to pay off Pyongyang's 70
billion yen debt to 30 Japanese companies, Li added.
    "We expect this mine to be worth about 2,000 billion yen in
gold deposits," he said.
    The mine, started in 1896 by a U.S. Company, is one of six
or seven virtually untapped mines in the Unzan area, 94 miles
north of Pyongyang, Li said.
    Li said modern equipment and advanced technology would
increase yields. "Up to now, the mining was done with antiquated
methods and basic equipment."
    The gold mine scheme is the latest in a series of moves by
North Korea to clear its debts to Japanese creditors.
    Earlier this year, Pyongyang tried and failed to pay off
part of its debt with several tonnes of fish.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7023>
Some 7,000 black workers returned
to work after staging one-day strikes at two mines on Monday,
the National Union of Mineworkers and the companies that own
the mines said.
    About 6,000 miners resumed work at the Grootvlei gold mine
east of Johannesburg after protesting the transfer of
colleagues to other jobs at the same mine, owners General
Mining Union Corp Ltd &lt;GENM.J> said.
    The union said about 1,000 mineworkers at a new coal
facility owned by Anglo American Corp of South Africa Ltd
&lt;ANGL.J> also returned to their jobs on Tuesday.
    The workers at Anglo's Vaal Colliery south of Johannesburg
had struck to protest the alleged refusal of officials of the
South African homeland of Transkei to allow miners to attend a
funeral in the homeland, a union spokesman said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7088>
A new market has emerged in warrants to
buy gold, a vehicle which bankers say brings some of the play
of commodity options into the field of securities.
    Over the past three weeks, Swiss offices of American banks
have launched a total of four issues of warrants with varying
conditions, drawing on renewed inflationary worries and the
recovery of the gold price last year.
    And Credit Suisse and Credit Suisse-First Boston each
issued Swiss franc bonds with warrants for gold which have a
similar character, though they are aimed at a less professional
market.
    The market is still small. Taken together, the four
American-led warrant issues raised only about 50 mln Swiss
francs.
    But banks believe the vehicle meets a need of investors and
predicted a lively future.
    Andrew Barrett of Citicorp Investment Bank (Switzerland) AG
said: "The warrants give smaller investors a chance to have a
long-term investment in gold with limited risk."
    Citicorp in Zurich launched the first of these warrants on
February 27, following it up with a second issue less than a
week later. The issuer in both cases was Citibank NA.
    The idea found some quick copies. Goldman Sachs in Zurich
organized and co-led an issue for the Swiss branch of Banque
Indosuez on March 9 and last night Morgan Guaranty
(Switzerland) AG did another for Morgan Guaranty Trust Co of
New York.
    The four issues now offer investors striking prices for
gold ranging from the Indosuez issue at 410 dlrs an ounce, the
same price as the underlying commodity, to a 430 dlr level on
the first one for Citibank.
    The premiums range from 22 pct to 36 pct and maturities
from 18 months to four years and three months, in all cases
longer than gold futures and options on U.S. Markets.
    The bankers traced the inspiration for the market back to
the February report of U.S. Consumer prices for January, when a
jump of 0.7 pct raised again the threat of inflation.
    "Many people are worried about inflation again," said Mats
Joensson of Goldman Sachs. "Money supply in Germany and the
United States has grown very strongly in the last year and
people want to take a ride on gold."
    The gold market, having seen strong gains in 1986, has
languished just above 400 dlrs an ounce over the past few
weeks. But the banks saw in warrants the vehicle for a more
highly leveraged play where the downside risk was limited.
    Barrett said it was natural that the market developed in
Switzerland. "People here understand gold, and they understand
warrants," he said.
    Citicorp (Switzerland) pioneered warrants with a series of
equity-linked covered issues based on Japanese company shares
over the past two years, and last autumn, Swiss banks launched
covered warrants in Swiss registered shares in a bid to give
foreign investors a chance to play in a market otherwise closed
to all but Swiss citizens, and to play it with higher leverage.
    But after a quick flurry of issues, that market dried up
when Swiss shares prices fell from their January peaks.
    The issues are being marketed not on the basis of simple
premiums, but on implicit volatility models devised to provide
scientific comparisons between titles in the options market.
    Martin Bachem of Morgan Guaranty said his bank's issue was
competitive despite its relatively high premium. The issue, for
five ounces at 425 dlrs, was priced at 955 Swiss francs, making
a premium over the spot gold price of nearly 36 pct.
    Using a Black Sholes options model, he said the issue's
long, 4.3-year maturity meant the warrants needed an implicit
volatility of gold of only 24.5 pct for the option to pay off,
which he claimed was lower than the other issues.
    But Barrett said the Black Sholes variant Citicorp used
pointed to a higher volatily for the Morgan issue and
emphasized that the models were at best an inexact science.
    And each bank, using its own model, put the implicit
volatility needed for its own issue at close to 25 pct.
    Whatever the calculation, the issues have received a warm
welcome from investors.
    Joensson of Goldman Sachs said there was a lot of demand,
even among small investors, who were buying 15 or 20 warrants
apiece. "The most sophisticated ones wouldn't buy these because
the premiums are too high," he said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7166>
Murgold Resources Inc said assays
received from 320 feet of drifting on the number-three vein at
the Chester Township property south of Timmins, Ontario,
indicate an average of 0.528 ounce of gold per ton across an
average width of five feet for the 320-foot length.
    The last working face assayed 0.422 ounce of gold per ton
across 8.5 feet and the drift will be continued eastward from
that point, the company said.
    
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7629>
Geodome Resources Ltd said
following receipt of a feasibility study from Raytheon Co's
&lt;RTN> Stearns Catalytic unit, it will proceed with construction
and pre-production stripping at its Sunbeam Mine in Custer
County, Idaho, as quickly as possible.
    The company said the study found proven ore reserves of
3,302,000 short tons grading 0.077 ounce of gold per ton.  It
said the mine will operate at a rate of 626,000 tons of ore per
year, with higher-grade ore being mined in the first three
years for a rapid payback of capital costs.
    The company said the feasibility study calls for gold
production averaging 41,000 ounces a year for the life of the
mine and 50,000 ounces a year over the first three years, with
99,000 ounces of silver per year being produced over the miune
life.
    Capital costs would be 22.3 mln dlrs with all-new equipment
and 500,000 to one mln dlrs less with used equipment, it said. 
It said the mine would be operated by a contract miner but the
associated mill by Geodome.
    Geodome said a new ore zone discovered last summer is not
included in reserve calculations. It said eight of the nine
holes drilled there have an average grade of 0.046 ounce of
gold and 2.1 ounces of silver per ton. Also excluded are
reserves of 1,400,000 tons of low-grade material that could be
milled profitably at 425 dlrs a ton for gold. The feasibility
study used a 350 dlr gold price.
    Geodome said operating costs of the mine will average 201
dlr per ounce of gold for the mine life and 171 dlrs for the
first three years, in constant dollars.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7645>
Geodome Resources Ltd said
following receipt of a feasibility study from Raytheon Co's
Stearns Catalytic unit it will proceed with construction and
pre-production stripping at its Sunbeam Mine in Custer County,
Idaho, as quickly as possible.
    The company said the study found proven ore reserves of
3,302,000 short tons grading 0.077 ounce of gold per ton. It
said the mine will operate at a rate of 626,000 tons of ore per
year, with higher-grade ore being mined in the first three
years for a rapid payback of capital costs.
    It said the feasibility study calls for gold production
averaging 41,000 ounces a year for the life of the mine and
50,000 ounces a year over the first three years, with 99,000
ounces of silver per year being produced over the mine life.
    Capital costs would be 22.3 mln dlrs with all-new equipment
and 500,000 to one mln dlrs less with used equipment, the firm
said. It said the mine would be operated by a contract miner
but the associated mill by Geodome.
    Geodome said a new ore zone discovered last summer is not
included in reserve calculations. It said eight of the nine
holes drilled there have an average grade of 0.046 ounce of
gold and 2.1 ounces of silver per ton.
    Also excluded are reserves of 1,400,000 tons of low-grade
material that could be milled profitably at 425 dlrs a ton for
gold. The feasibility study used a 350 dlr gold price.
    Geodome said operating costs of the mine will average 201
dlr per ounce of gold for the mine life and 171 dlrs for the
first three years, in constant dollars.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7775>
&lt;Houston Metals Corp> said the
the first phase of the underground rehabilitation, extensive
drilling and bulk sampling program at its Silver Queen Mine has
yielded positive results.
    Houston said representative assays from the 2,750 ft and
2,600 ft levels at the south end of the mine established ore
deposits in the following ranges: copper, 3.7 pct to 5.08 pct,
lead .99 pct to 1.5 pct, zinc six pct to 9.6 pct, silver 15.63
pct to 79.92 oz per ton, gold .062 to .19 oz per ton, germanium
93 to 103 grams per ton, gallium five to 18 grams per ton.
    In addition, Houston Metals said the weighted average of 25
diamond-drilled holes 375 ft below the 2,600 foot level and 800
ft along the strike assayed gold at .237 oz per ton, silver at
10.91 oz per ton and zinc at 8.99 pct.
    An apparent parallel vein structure at the 2,600 ft level
returned similar values, the company said.
    It added that preliminary metallurgical tests from
representative bulk ore samples indicate the commercial
feasability of producing a zinc and a copper-lead concentrate.
    Houston Metals said gold, silver and the base metals have
recoveries of 90 pct to 95 pct, with 95 pct of gold recovered
from better gold ores, while gallium, germanium and indium have
recoveries of between 66 pct to 82 pct and are included in the
zinc concentrate.
    The company's 1987 program of diamond drilling, underground
drifting and metallurgical evaluation is scheduled to start on
April.
    Houston Metals said it has a 60 pct interest in the Silver
Queen mines.
    It added that funds for the program have been provided by
First Exploration Fund, a Canadian limited partnership
sponsored by Merrill Lynch Canada Inc and Dominion Securities
Inc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7823>
Geodome Resources Ltd
said based on a feasibility study of its Sunbeam Mine it will
proceed with contruction and pre-production stripping as
rapidly as possible.
    The company said eight of nine holes drilled on the new ore
zone have an average grade of 0.046 ounces of gold per ton and
2.1 ounces of silver per ton.
    The deposit is 400 to 500 yards from the newly designed
Sunbeam pits, has large tonnage and will be drilled off this
summer, the company said.
    The study said ore reserves including dillution were
3,302,000 tons at 0.77 ounces of gold per ton at a cut off
grade of 0.026 ounces per ton and stripping ratio of 4.24 to
one.
    It said gold production will average 41,000 ounces per year
for the mine life and 99,000 ounces of silver per year.
    It said gold production in the first three years should
average 50,000 ounces per year.
    Operating costs are expected to average 201 dlrs per ounce
of gold for the mine life and 171 dlrs per ounce in the first
three years.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7985>
LAC Minerals Ltd said it will suspend
underground mining and exploration at its Lake Shore Mine at
Kirkland Lake, Ontario, on April 30, pending results of a
surface exploration drilling program.
    LAC said it does not expect the decision to affect
earnings, but 44 employees will be affected.
    The company said it has completed mining the crown pillar
which has produced 71,000 ounces of gold since 1983. In 1986,
the mine produced 10,600 ounces. LAC said it will continue
surface drilling in 1987 to determine if further underground
exploration work is warranted.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8068>
The public prosecutors and police
here arrested five former senior executives of a bankrupt gold
deposit business group for defrauding about 450 clients of
about 1.5 billion yen for gold bars which were never delivered,
police said.
    The case involving the Toyota Shoji Company was highlighted
when its 32-year-old Chairman Kazuo Nagano was stabbed to death
here in public view in June, 1985.
    Television crews which had been waiting outside Nagano's
home filmed two men smashing their way into the home and later
emerging with a bloodstained bayonet.
    The company, established here in 1981, undertook to hold
gold on deposit for investors. It grew into a nationwide
business operation with 87 branch offices and 7,000 employees
at its peak in early 1985.
    Toyota Shoji's business group collected an estimated 200
billion yen from about 30,000 clients, many of them pensioners
and housewives, before the firm went bankrupt in July, 1985,
according to lawyers.
    Of them, some 18,000 clients cla&#127;imed they could get back
neither gold or money, suffering an aggregate loss of 150
billion yen, local press reports said.
    Police said the five arrested on charge of fraud today
included Hiroshi Ishikawa, 47, former Toyota Shoji president,
and a sixth former executive was placed on a wanted list.
    They were suspected of having collaborated with the late
Nagano in swindling about 1.5 billion yen from about 450 people
in Osaka and n&#127;earby Kobe during a six month period just before
the firm's bankruptcy, they said.
    To&#127;&#127;day's arre&#127;st came a&#127;&#127;fter narly two years of joint&#127;
investigation by the public prosecutors and police, who &#127;had
questioned about 3,000 of&#127;&#127; the firm's former employees&#127;,
police sou&#127;rces &#127;&#127;said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8331>
Amselco Minerals Inc, a unit of British
Petroleum Co PLC, said it approved construction of a new plant
with Nerco Minerals Co to process carbon ore to recover
microscopic gold reserves.
    The plant, to be located at the Alligator Ridge Mine near
Ely, Nev., will process 1,000 tons a day of carbon-bearing ore
to recover 70,000 ounces of gold over three years, it said.
    The plant will use a chemical process called leaching to
extract the residual gold, which could not otherwise be
economically recovered. Operation of the plant, to be jointly
owned by Amselco and Nerco, is set to start in October.
    The Alligator Ridge Mine is jointly owned by Amselco and
Nerco, a unit of Nerco Inc &lt;NER>, which is 90.5 pct owned by
Pacificorp &lt;PPW>, a Portland, Ore., holding company.
    The mine has produced about 60,000 ounces of gold a year
since 1981 using another leaching process, a BP spokesman said.
The open pit oxide ore reserves of Alligator Ridge will be
exhausted by August 1987, as expected, when the work force will
be reduced to about 72 from 127, the company said.
    The employees remaining after that will operate the new
plant, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8757>
The gold mining industry had
another "exceptional year" in 1986 with tonnage milled, revenues
and profits reaching high levels, the Chamber of Mines said.
    Nearly 108 mln tons of ore was milled, three pct higher
than the prior year, while revenues rose 17 pct to 16.5 billion
rand and profits increased 6.5 pct to 8.31 billion rand, the
Chamber reported.
    The profit rise was achieved despite substantial cost
increases and a 26.1 pct rise in capital expenditures to 2.42
billion rand, it said.
    The chamber said that a "comparatively buoyant gold price
allowed mines to continue the practise of mining lower grade
ores which has characterised recent years."
    It said the industry now mines to an average grade of 5.63
grams per ton compared with 6.09 grams per ton in 1985.
    Gold output for the year declined five pct to 638 tons
compared with the previous year's 671 tons.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8854>
Hecla Mining Co said it
has agreed to purchase a 28 pct interest in the Greens Creek
Joint Venture from British Petroleum Co PLC's Amselco Minerals
Inc unit.
    The venture expects to bring into production a
gold-silver-lead-zinc ore body on Admiralty Island, Alaska,
containing about 3,500,000 short tons of ore assaying about
0.18 ounce of gold, 24.0 ounces of silver, 9.7 pct zinc and 3.9
pct zinc per short ton, Hecla said.  It said there is
significant potential for the discovery of additional ore.
    Hecla said initial production from a trackless underground
mine is scheduled for late 1988 at a rate of about 1,000 tons
or ore per day.  "At this rate, the Greens Creek mine will be
the largest domestic silver mine and is expected to be one of
the lowest cost producers."
    The company said it estimates its total investment in the
project, including its share of preproduction costs, at about
45 mln dlrs, to be funded through internally generated cash and
existing lines of credit.  It said Amselco will retain a
majority interest in the project.  Other interest holders are
CSX Corp &lt;CSX> and &lt;Exaias Resources Corp>.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8857>
The 50 European Currency Unit gold
coins which go on sale tomorrow in Belgium will be priced at a
premium of seven pct to the value of the gold they contain, a
Finance Ministry spokesman said. The price will be calculated
daily, based on the daily gold fixing in London.
    Belgium is minting an initial 50,000 gold coins to
celebrate the 30th anniversary of the European Community's
founding Treaty of Rome, but final production is expected to be
around 200,000. Each 17.27 gram coin will contain 55 grams of
fine metal.
    Two mln silver coins, face value five Ecus, will be sold at
500 francs each.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8877>
Hecla Minging Co said it
has agreed to purchase a 28 pct interest in the Greens Creek
Joint Venture from British Petroleum Co PLC's &lt;BP> Amselco
Minerals Inc unit.
    The venture expects to bring into production a
gold-silver-lead-zinc ore body on Admiralty Island, Alaska,
containing about 3,500,000 short tons of ore assaying about
0.18 ounce of gold, 24.0 ounces of silver, 9.7 pct zinc and 3.9
pct lead per short ton, Hecla said.  It said there is
significant potential for the discovery of additional ore.
    Corrects last assay result to lead from zinc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8948>
D'Or Val Mines Ltd said a recent
drill hole from the surfrace has intersected high-grade ore in
a downdip extension of the Discovery Vein in its D'Or Val Mine
in northern Quebec.
    The company said 42.3 feet of the hole graded 0.92 ounce
per short ton of gold, including a 17.5 foot section grading
2.17 ounces.
    It said the zone is just below the projection of the
seventh level of the mine about 1,450 feet below the surface
and 820 feet west of the shaft.
    D'Or Val said this find and other recent ones will make
substantial contributions to the mine's ore reserves and grade.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9104>
Golden North
Resource Corp said said surface and underground drilling on the
Canty project and Mascot fraction at its Nickel Plate Mountain
property in British Columbia returned encouraging gold assays.
    It said one Canty hole encountered several mineralized
intervals including 11 feet grading 0.342 ounce gold a short
ton from 86 to 97 feet and 17 feet grading 0.756 ounce gold ton
from 170.5 feet to 187.5 feet.
    A Mascot fraction hole returned assays including 0.190
ounce gold ton over seven feet between 57 and 64 feet, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9190>
&lt;Placer Pacific Ltd> said it will
undertake a full feasibility study of Western Australia's Big
Bell gold prospect.
    Results of an economic evaluation of the find, in which
Placer has an option with &lt;Australian Consolidated Minerals
Ltd> (ACM) to earn a 50 pct interest, were encouraging enough
to warrant a full study, Placer said in a statement.
    Big Bell, in the Murchison goldfield 540 km north east of
Perth, was founded in 1904. Between 1937 and 1955 it yielded
22.8 tonnes of gold and 7.8 tonnes of silver while milling
about 30,000 tonnes of ore a month.
    Placer has said the prospect has an estimated 14 mln tonnes
of ore with a three-gram-per-tonne concentration accessible by
open-pit mining and a further 4.5 mln tonnes with a
4.4-gram-a-tonne concentration between 300 and 600 meters
underground.
    It said it was obliged to produce the feasibility study no
later than December 31 this year by which time it would have
spent three mln dlrs on Big Bell.
    If the results are positive and a commitment to develop
made then construction would take about 12 months, Placer said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9453>
Newmont Gold Corp expects gold sales
in 1987 to rise about 22 pct to 577,000 ounces from 1986's
474,000 ounces, the company said in its annual report.
    Newmont Gold, 95 pct owned by Newmont Mining Corp &lt;NEM>,
said it expects significant increases in gold sales in 1988 and
1989 as well.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9489>
Newmont Gold Corp expects gold sales
in 1987 to rise about 22 pct to 577,000 ounces from 1986's
474,000 ounces, the company said in its annual report.
    Newmont Gold, 95 pct owned by Newmont Mining Corp, said it
expects significant increases in gold sales in 1988 and 1989 as
well.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9799>
The price of gold bullion is likely
to rise in the second half of the year on increased private
investor demand, West German analysts said.
    Gold could rise as high as 500 dlrs per ounce later this
year, said Peter Witte, director of Westdeutsche Landesbank
Girozentrale's trading division, after a presentation by the
U.S. Mint to promote its gold and silver Eagle series coins.
    "A lot will depend on oil prices and developments on stock
exchanges," Witte said, adding he saw gold positioned for
further rises once it breaks out above 450 dlrs.
    Gold was fixed this morning in London at 411.30 dlrs.
    Despite current strong interest in gold mine stocks, many
investors still want to buy physical gold, Witte said.
    Interest in gold mine stocks may also wane if stock
exchange rallies under way in many countries start to waver.
    Hermann Strohmeyer, vice president of Commerzbank AG's
foreign exchange trading and treasury department, said gold is
poised to rise to 460 to 470 dlrs an ounce in the second half
of this year.
    The price is unlikely to fall much below 380 or 390 dlrs an
ounce, and probably will continue in a range between 380 and
430 dlrs in the first half of this year, he said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9853>
The price of gold bullion is likely
to rise in the second half of the year on increased private
investor demand, West German analysts said.
    Gold could rise as high as 500 dlrs per ounce later this
year, said Peter Witte, director of Westdeutsche Landesbank
Girozentrale's trading division, after a presentation by the
U.S. Mint to promote its gold and silver Eagle series coins.
    "A lot will depend on oil prices and developments on stock
exchanges," Witte said, adding he saw gold positioned for
further rises once it breaks out above 450 dlrs.
    Gold was fixed this morning in London at 411.30 dlrs.
    Despite current strong interest in gold mine stocks, many
investors still want to buy physical gold, Witte said.
    Interest in gold mine stocks may also wane if stock
exchange rallies under way in many countries start to waver.
    Hermann Strohmeyer, vice president of Commerzbank AG's
foreign exchange trading and treasury department, said gold is
poised to rise to 460 to 470 dlrs an ounce in the second half
of this year.
    The price is unlikely to fall much below 380 or 390 dlrs an
ounce, and probably will continue in a range between 380 and
430 dlrs in the first half of this year, he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9866>
American Eagle gold bullion coin
sales are projected at 3.1 mln troy ounces in their first year
on the market, well above the target of 2.2 mln, Donna Pope,
director of the U.S. Mint, told journalists.
    World sales, which began on October 20, 1986, reached 2.193
mln ounces in less than six months of sales. This made it world
market leader with a share of 37 pct in 1986, Pope said.
    Pope said that in volume terms, nearly half of all gold
Eagle sales were within North America, roughly 40 pct were in
Europe and about eight pct in Asia.
    She said despite introduction of several new gold bullion
coins on the market recently, the Mint is aiming to preserve
the Eagle's strong market share with extensive publicity.
    The Mint uses mainly newly mined U.S. Gold for the coins,
as long as this is available at market prices. The remaining
gold is taken either from U.S. Treasury stocks, or from the
open market, Pope said.
    Gold analysts said the Eagle is facing competition here
from the Canadian Maple Leaf, and also to a lesser extent from
the South African Krugerrand. Some estimated the Maple Leaf's
West German market share at 60 pct.
    The figures may be distorted, as many German investors buy
gold bullion in Switzerland or Luxembourg to escape the 14 pct
value-added tax imposed here. Including the tax, the one-ounce
coins traded today at 906 marks, they said.
    Competition may also come from new gold coins, including
Belgium's ECU, which began sales today. Britain and Australia
also have plans to mint gold bullion coins, the analysts said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
