<BODY DOCID=12254>
Argentine subproducts shipments
during January/December 1986 totalled 5,618,315 tonnes, against
4,815,188 tonnes in the same period of 1985, the Argentine
Grain Board said.
    Breakdown was as follows: cotton 26,992 (41,933), sunflower
1,403,230 (1,190,862), linseed 261,600 (309,191), groundnutseed
23,595 (22,809), soybean 3,275,225 (2,415,492), bran/pollards
wheat 606,352 (659,271), fiber cotton 3,256 (107,752), wheat
flour 18,065 (67,878), rape nil (nil), the board added.
    Shipments during December 1986 amounted to 418,755 tonnes,
against 257,844 tonnes in the same month of 1985.
    The breakdown, was as follows, in tonnes:
    Cotton 3,002 (6,234), sunflower 86,612 (38,347), linseed
23,954 (38,290), groundnutseed nil (nil), soybean 264,650
(104,571), bran/polards wheat 37,724 (49,946), fiber cotton 987
(2,121), wheat flour 1,826 (18,335), rapeseed nil (nil), the
board said.
    The ten principal destinations during January/December
1986, with comparative figures for the same period of 1985 in
brackets, were as follows, in tonnes:
    Holland 2,444,260 (2,234,049), Belgium 546,423 (595,635),
Italy 430,029 (338,766), Czechoslovakia 365,897 (236,836), Cuba
253,067 (222,842), Iran 250,646 (192,430), West Germany
232,049) (158,491), Bulgaria 207,030 (300,488), Spain and
Canary Islands 176,287 (113,751), Corea 163,304 (37,416), the
board added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12275>
The U.S. Commodity Credit Corporation
(CCC) sold 6,034 short tons of 1986-crop farmers stock peanuts
for domestic crushing, the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    The peanuts were from the Southwest area and were sold at
between 8.05 cts per lb (total kernel content), and 11.7225 cts
per lb, the department said.
    The CCC will offering additional 1986-peanuts for sale at a
later date, the department said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12372>
The U.S. House Agriculture Committee
approved proposals to extend the life of the Export Enhancement
Program, EEP, through fiscal 1990 and urged the Reagan
administration offer EEP wheat to the Soviet Union.
    The proposals were approved as amendments to a
comprehensive trade bill moving through Congress this year.
    In addition to the amendments on EEP, the committee
approved several proposals which could restrict imports of
lamb, casein, sugar-containing products and tobacco. Those
amendments affecting imports face an uncertain future because
the House Ways and Means Committee, which has overall
jurisdiction over trade legislation, will oppose them,
Congressional sources said.
    The effect of the EEP amendments would be to extend the
life of the program five years through fiscal 1990 rather than
the current three years through fiscal 1988.
    The amendments, offered by Rep. Dan Glickman, D-Kan., also
would increase funding for the program to 2.5 billion dlrs from
1.5 billion now.
    Furthermore, the committee passed an amendment offered by
Rep. Glickman which instructs the U.S. Agriculture Department
to value EEP bonus commodities at market value, not acquisition
value. Glickman said the change would make the program 30 pct
less expensive to operate.
    The provision on EEP wheat to the Soviet Union, offered by
Rep. Bob Smith, R-Ore., does not require the administration
make an offer, but urges such action.
    The committee approved an amendment, offered by Rep. Glenn
English, D-Okla., requiring the Secretary of Agriculture to
begin discussions with other major grain producing countries
aimed at jointly reducing world grain production.
    Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter yesterday opposed the
amendment, saying such commodity agreements do not work.
    Among the host of amendments to restrict imports approved
by the panel, the most significant would require quotas on
imports of goods containing more than 25 pct of a bulk farm
product that is subject to U.S. quotas. The amendment, offered
by Rep. Arlan Stangeland, R-Minn., is aimed primarily at
curbing imports from Canada of products containing sugar and
foreign foods containing dairy products. It also may affect
peanut, cotton and tobacco imports, Committee sources said.
    Another amendment would place a quota on U.S. imports of
casein, a dairy product shipped to the U.S. primarily by New
Zealand and Ireland.
    The panel also voted to apply to lamb imports the same
countercyclical import quota law which is operating for U.S.
beef imports.
    Other miscellaneous amendments included:
    -- Urging the administration consider retaliating against
Japan and South Korea if those countries do not remove
restrictions on beef imports.
    -- Boosting the amount of U.S. grain which must be shipped
each year under a food aid program called Section 416 to
800,000 tonnes from 500,000 tonnes now.
    -- Requiring the Agriculture Secretary conduct a study of
the Canadian Wheat Board import licensing system for wheat to
determine if it is a non-tariff trade barrier.
    -- Requiring the Agriculture Secretary reimburse the
National Corn Growers Association up to 500,000 dlrs for the
costs of defending the U.S. feedgrains program against a
Canadian countervailing duty case this year.
    -- Urging the administration oppose the Canadian decision
to apply a duty on U.S. corn imports, and a proposal by the
European Community to apply a vegetable oils tax.
    -- USDA conduct a study of the findings of a National
Commission on Agricultural Export Policy, which recommended a
reorganization of USDA's trade policy apparatus.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2359>
Australia accused the U.S. of increasing
protectionism on agricultural products and called for an end to
Washington's special 32-year exemption from certain GATT rules
on agricultural trade.
    Robert Arnott, Australia's delegate to the General
Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT), made the appeal at a
special annual meeting which reviews the 1955 U.S. waiver.
    "Australia today said the United States' goals of reducing
U.S. barriers to agricultural trade were being contradicted by
actions which in fact increased protection in trade in
agriculture," the Australian delegation said in a statement.
    "The United States section 22 waiver is one of the basic
flaws in the GATT coverage of agriculture," Arnott told the
meeting.
    Arnott said the waiver had continually been used as a
justification for "dubious protective measures" by the U.S. He
listed a recent Dairy Export Incentive Program and steps to
close the U.S. sugar market to imports.
    He also told Reuters the waiver allowed Washington to
impose quotas on imports of farm products where it had domestic
support programs. This covered imports of dairy products,
peanuts, cotton and sugar.
    Asked to comment, Michael Samuels, U.S. ambassador to the
GATT, told Reuters: "These charges have been made since the very
beginning. The waiver is part of domestic U.S. agricultural
policy, part of our law when we joined the GATT".
    "We have agreed to put the waiver on the table during the
Uruguay Round and invite other countries to do the same with
their programs. We can negotiate them all," Samuels added.
    Ninety-two nations are taking part in the four-year Uruguay
round of talks launched in Punta del Este last September.
Bargaining in agricultural goods and services (banking,
tourism, insurance) is included for the first time as well as
manufactured goods.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2420>
The Agricultural Stabilization and
Conservation Service (ASCS) bought 2.3 mln pounds of peanut
products at a cost of 2.1 mln dlrs and 7.4 mln pounds of
vegetable oil/shortening for 2.0 mln dlrs, for domestic
distribution April 1-15 and April 16-30, an ASCS spokesman
said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
