<BODY DOCID=798>
The American Pork Congress kicks off
tomorrow, March 3, in Indianapolis with 160 of the nations pork
producers from 44 member states determining industry positions
on a number of issues, according to the National Pork Producers
Council, NPPC.
    Delegates to the three day Congress will be considering 26
resolutions concerning various issues, including the future
direction of farm policy and the tax law as it applies to the
agriculture sector. The delegates will also debate whether to
endorse concepts of a national PRV (pseudorabies virus) control
and eradication program, the NPPC said.
    A large trade show, in conjunction with the congress, will
feature the latest in technology in all areas of the industry,
the NPPC added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1970>
Traded volumes for U.K. Grain and potato
futures in February were down on the previous month while
pigmeat and pig cash settlement futures were higher, official
figures show.
    Combined wheat and barley futures trade declined to 892,700
tonnes from 1.19 mln in January, and the value fell to 97 mln
stg from 129 mln, Grain and Feed Trade Association (GAFTA)
figures show.
    A total of 984,960 tonnes were registered for main crop
potato futures in February valued at 157 mln stg, versus
992,760 and 164 mln stg in January.
    Soymeal futures trade totalled 76,340 tonnes against 90,680
in January, and value declined to nine mln stg from 10 mln.
    Nine pigmeat contracts were traded in February, six more
than in the previous month, representing 450 carcases against
150, valued at 29,347 stg against 9,847 stg.
    Pig cash settlement futures saw 201 contracts traded,
against 19 in January, and the value rose to 659,864 stg from
119,610 stg.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11914>
The USDA quarterly hogs and pig report
yesterday showed more hogs on U.S. farms compared to last year
as profitability resulting from low grain prices encouraged
producers to step up production, analysts said.
    Most analysts seemed to agree with Chicago Mercantile
Exchange floor traders that the report will be viewed as
bearish to pork futures and futures prices may open sharply
lower today. Some traders and analysts expect limit declines in
nearby contracts, with spillover selling likely in cattle.
    University of Missouri agronomist Glen Grimes said,"The
report shows that hog producers have responded to a very
desirable feeding ratio that they enjoyed for the past 10
months."
    Shearson Lehman analyst Chuck Levitt said hog futures
prices are above producers' break even points. Even if futures
fell the daily limit of 1.50 cents today, producers could still
lock in a profit, which increases the likelihood of heavy
selling pressure today.
    "We have not had a period of profitability of this
magnitude since last summer," Levitt said. "In fact, hog
operations on many mixed livestock/grain enterprises have been
so profitable that it actually enabled some farmers to get back
on their feet and refinance their loans just based on the hog
operation alone."
    Levitt said the weight breakdown in the report also was
negative, in that some lead time was anticipated before the
slaughter increased from the previous year.
    We expected farmers to increase hog operations, but we
didn't expect this degree of expansion to show up in a 10-state
spring report, Levitt added.
    High hog corn ratios (the number of bushels of corn that
could be bought for 100 lbs of hog) and the resulting increased
profits, encouraged farmers and confinement operations to
increase production starting late last year.
    Analysts also noted that part of the increase in the hog
herd resulted from a revision of the December report and
without the revision, the March report might have been very
close to average expectations.
    Robin Fuller of Agri Analysis said the USDA made a major
upward revision of 105,000 head in the size of the breeding
herd in the December 1 report. So the December report was more
bearish than initially indicated.
    But Fuller, as well as other analysts, expected the report
to be less negative on deferred futures contracts. Distant
contracts are already at a sharp discount to cash because
traders anticipated high farrowing intentions, she noted.
    Discounts in the October and December contracts take into
consideration a six to seven pct increase in March/May
farrowing intentions, which was borne out in the March 1
report, Fuller said.
    Grimes said, "As far as the distant months are concerned,
if our first quarter pig crop is up only six pct and under 60
lb inventories actually up only five pct, it would take a
tremendous discount in price for each percent increase for us
to push down to the prices that the current futures show for
the July and August period."
    Jerry Abbenhaus, analyst for AGE Clearing noted that
distant futures prices are already 15 to 20 dlrs lower than
they were last summer.
    "If cash hogs at the 7-markets last year averaged 61 dlrs
during July, that doesn't mean hogs have to be 15 dlrs cheaper
this year because we have six pct more numbers," he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2226>
Delegates from the National Pork
Producers Council, NPPC, yesterday approved programs for
control and eradication of pseudorabies and establishment of a
national safe drug use program.
    The delegate body, attending the American Pork Congress in
Indianapolis, approved a pseudorabies control and eradication
program at the state level after a recommendation from NPPC's
PRV (pseudorabies virus) oversight committee.
    The PRV committee received results of a three year, five
state pilot project which had a 97.5 pct success rate in
eradication of the disease within 116 hog herds. The project
was jointly funded by the USDA and NPPC.
    "Primarily it (the program) allows individual states to
deal with their own problems according to a timetable that
suits them best," Mike Wehler, member of the NPPC's PRV
oversight committee said.
    In regards to safe drug use, the delegates approved a plan
asking that NPPC be active in establishing a national safe drug
use program.
    The program would establish better relationships between
producers and veterinarians and eventually lead to a quality
assurance program in pork production, according to the plan.
    "This program basically communicates to the FDA that we are
concerned about safe drug use and will do our part to use drugs
safely, if FDA will allow the same policy to continue in
effect," Wehler said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2572>
Chicago Mercantile Exchange floor
traders and commission house representatives are guesstimating
today's hog slaughter at about 300,000 to 305,000 head versus
292,000 week ago and 316,000 a year ago.
    Saturday's hog slaughter is guesstimated at about 30,000 to
55,000 head.
    Cattle slaughter is guesstimated at about 128,000 to
130,000 head versus 129,000 week ago and 119,000 a year ago.
    Saturday's cattle slaughter is guesstimated at about 20,000
to 40,000 head.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3057>
Chicago Mercantile Exchange floor
traders and commission house representatives are guesstimating
today's hog slaughter at about 285,000 to 300,000 head versus
292,000 week ago and 309,000 a year ago.
    Cattle slaughter is guesstimated at about 125,000 to
131,000 head versus 129,000 week ago and 119,000 a year ago.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3278>
The London Meat Futures Exchange, LMFE,
will cease trading in its deliverable pigmeat contract from
April 3, the LMFE said.
    The move will enable the exchange to concentrate on the
cash settled contracts introduced last year.
    "This allows the exchange and its members to concentrate our
marketing on the pig and live cattle contracts," LMFE official
Peter Freeman said. "These two have already shown their
effectiveness for hedging, and the trade in both contracts is
increasing," he added.
    "Using the futures market allows better planning and forward
price fixing that our industry needs," chairman Pat Elmer said.
    Some 131 pig contracts were settled against the Meat and
Livestock Commission's Average All Pigs Price in February,
which represents hedging for over 13,000 pigs, more than twice
the number cash-settled in January, the LMFE said.
    Cash settlement on the new cattle and pig contracts was
introduced last June in the expectation that the appeal of the
futures market to farmers, abattoirs and users of meat would
increase because of the absence of a delivery requirement.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3318>
About 800 members of the United Food and
Commercial Workers Union, UFCWU, struck John Morrell's Sioux
City, Iowa, pork processing plant at midnight Sunday, a
spokesman for the UFCWU national said.
    Meatpackers at the plant have been working without a
contract since the old pact expired January 31, UFCWU spokesman
John Mancuso said. The plant can slaughter and process about
13,000 to 14,000 hogs a day, he estimated.
    The UFCWU bargaining committee and full membership rejected
in late January a contract proposal by John Morrell, a
subsidiary of United Brands Inc, he said.

</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3595>
Chicago Mercantile Exchange floor
traders and commission house representatives are guesstimating
today's hog slaughter at about 295,000 to 308,000 head versus
305,000 week ago and 308,000 a year ago.
    Cattle slaughter is guesstimated at about 128,000 to
132,000 head versus 130,000 week ago and 126,000 a year ago.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4206>
Chicago Mercantile Exchange floor
traders and commission house representatives are guesstimating
today's hog slaughter at about 290,000 to 310,000 head versus
309,000 week ago and 328,000 a year ago.
    Cattle slaughter is guesstimated at about 128,000 to
131,000 head versus 129,000 week ago and 127,000 a year ago.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4833>
Haiti's agriculture minister
yesterday announced his department will permit the importation
of 730 black Creole pigs, which had been banned from the island
nation since 1983.
    Between 1981 and 1983, a team of Canadian veterinarians
funded by the United States, Canada, Mexico and Costa Rica
supervised the slaughter of all Haiti's 1,200,000 pigs under a
program to eradicate African swine flu.
    Today's announcement that Catholic Relief Services
(CARITAS) can import 730 Jamaican pigs comes after months of
protests by farmers who had owned 90 pct of the slaughtered
pigs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5333>
Chicago Mercantile Exchange floor
traders and commission house representatives are guesstimating
today's hog slaughter at about 295,000 to 302,000 head versus
293,000 week ago and 309,000 a year ago.
    Cattle slaughter is guesstimated at about 123,000 to
126,000 head versus 123,000 week ago and 121,000 a year ago.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7101>
Chicago Mercantile Exchange floor
traders and commission house representatives are guesstimating
today's hog slaughter at about 295,000 to 305,000 head versus
307,000 week ago and 311,000 a year ago.
    Cattle slaughter is guesstimated at about 124,000 to
128,000 head versus 127,000 week ago and 126,000 a year ago.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9060>
Leading U.S. farm state senators are
seeking to insert into the Senate's omnibus trade bill a
provision that would broaden eligibility requirements under the
U.S. Agriculture Department's export enhancement program, EEP,
to include traditional buyers of U.S. farm products, including
the Soviet Union, Senate staff said.
    Under existing criteria, USDA can offer EEP subsidies to
recoup export markets lost to competing nations' unfair trading
practices.
    Senate Agriculture Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.)
is leading a group of farm state senators in an effort to
broaden the criteria in such a way as to enable Moscow to be
eligible for the subsidies, sources said.
    The senators -- including Senate Finance Committee Chairman
Lloyd Bentsen (D-Tex.), Max Baucus (D-Mont.), David Pryor
(D-Ark.), John Melcher (D-Mont.) and Thad Cochran (R-Miss.) --
also may fold into the trade bill a measure to shield pork
producers and processors from Canadian imports.
    The measure, sponsored by Sen. Charles Grassley (R-Iowa),
would clarify the definition of "industry" in determining whether
or not imports were causing injury to U.S. producers.
    Grassley's bill stems from a 1985 decision by the
International Trade Commission that imports from Canada of live
swine -- but not fresh, chilled and frozen pork -- were harming
U.S. producers.
    The bill's proponents have argued Canada has simply
replaced shipments of live hogs with fresh pork.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9585>
International Minerals and
Chemical Corp said its board approved a 50 mln dlrs budget over
the next several years to build production facilities for a
newly developed product to be used to improve the lean weight
of hogs.
    The new product, porcine somatotropin (PST) is described as
a natural bio-synthetic protein that improves the lean weight
and rate of weight gain, as well as reduces the cost of feed
for market hogs, the company said.
    Specific details of the PST production project, including
sites for proposed facilities and engineering plans, were not
disclosed. International Minerals said it set a completion
target for the spring of 1989, by which time necessary Food and
Drug Administration approvals are expected to be obtained.
 Reuter
</BODY>
