<BODY DOCID=29>
Sales of previously owned homes
dropped 14.5 pct in January to a seasonally adjusted annual
rate of 3.47 mln units, the National Association of Realtors
(NAR) said.
    But the December rate of 4.06 mln units had been the
highest since the record 4.15 mln unit sales rate set in
November 1978, the group said.
    "The drop in January is not surprising considering that a
significant portion of December's near-record pace was made up
of sellers seeking to get favorable capital gains treatment
under the old tax laws," said the NAR's John Tuccillo.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1036>
Sales of new single-family homes in
the United States fell 6.8 pct in January from December to a
seasonally adjusted annual rate of 716,000 units, the Commerce
Department said.
    The department revised downward December's sales to a 12.1
pct rise to 768,000 units from the previously reported 12.7 pct
increase.
    The January decline in sales was the largest since last
October when sales fell 9.3 pct.
    Before seasonal adjustment, the number of homes actually
sold in January was 53,000, up from 49,000 in December but down
from 59,000 in January, 1986.
    The January fall brought home sales to a level 1.6 pct
below January, 1986, when they were a seasonally adjusted
728,000 units.
    The average price was a record 127,100 dlrs, surpassing the
previous record 119,100 price set in December.
    The median price of a home in January reached 100,700 dlrs
-- the first time the price has exceeded 100,000 dlrs. That
compared with a median price of 94,600 dlrs in December and
94,000 dlrs in January a year ago.
    New homes available on the market in January totaled a
seasonally adjusted 362,000 units, unchanged from December and
equal to a 6.3 months' supply.
    The supply in December was 5.9 months.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11170>
Japan's housing starts in February rose
13.4 pct from a year earlier to 109,254, the 10th successive
year-on-year gain, the Construction Ministry said.
    February housing starts were up 16.8 pct from 93,554 in
January when they fell 27.4 pct from a month earlier but rose
10.3 pct from a year earlier.
    Higher housing starts were mainly due to a 26.8 pct
year-on-year rise in apartment building starts to 51,829 for
the 56th consecutive gain, spurred primarily by lower domestic
interest rates.
 RUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11665>
The Senate passed a two year
extension of federal housing programs, including 15 billion
dlrs for lower income housing assistance over two years. The
vote was 71 to 27.
    Total value of the bill was estimated at 31 billion dlrs.
The bill permanently extended the authorization for Federal
Housing Authority mortgage insurnce.
    The bill also extended the urban development grant program,
the national flood insurance act, the rural housing program as 
well as several other housing programs. The bill now goes to
the House.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3105>
Led by the non-residential sector,
Canadian building permits issued in November rose 0.7 pct to
2.18 billion dlrs, seasonally adjusted, from 2.16 billion dlrs
in October, Statistics Canada said.
    Residential permits fell 3.9 pct to 1.25 billion dlrs from
1.30 billion dlrs in October while the number of units approved
fell to 17,552 from 19,079 units.
    The value of non-residential projects rose 7.6 pct to 927.6
mln dlrs in the month.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3708>
U.S. Completions of new homes fell
0.2 pct in January to a seasonally adjusted rate of 1.884 mln
units from 1.888 mln in December, the Commerce Department said.
    The January fall came after a strong 6.4 pct rise from
November's rate of 1.774 mln units and brought completions to
6.7 pct above the January, 1986 level of 1.765 mln units.
    In January, completions of single-family units rose 0.4 pct
to a seasonally adjusted 1.183 mln units from 1.178 mln units
in December while multi-family units fell 1.3 pct to 701,000
units in January, the department said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3720>
Completions of new homes fell 0.2
pct in January to a seasonally adjusted rate of 1.884 mln units
from 1.888 mln in December, the Commerce Department said.
    The January fall came after a strong 6.4 pct rise from
November's rate of 1.774 mln units and brought completions to
6.7 pct above the January, 1986, level of 1.765 mln units.
    In January, completions of single-family units rose 0.4 pct
to a seasonally adjusted 1.183 mln units from 1.178 mln units
in December while multi-family units fell 1.3 pct to 701,000
units in January, the department said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3723>
U.S. Completions of new homes fell
0.2 pct in January to a seasonally adjusted rate of 1.884 mln
units from 1.888 mln in December, the Commerce Department said.
    The January fall came after a strong 6.4 pct rise from
November's rate of 1.774 mln units and brought completions to
6.7 pct above the January, 1986 level of 1.765 mln units.
    In January, completions of single-family units rose 0.4 pct
to a seasonally adjusted 1.183 mln units from 1.178 mln units
in December while multi-family units fell 1.3 pct to 701,000
units in January, the department said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3898>
Quebec housing starts fell in February
to 2,191, a four pct drop from last year when growth in Quebec
housing starts was among the highest in the Canada, the Canada
Mortgage and Housing Corp said.
    The February rate seasonally adjusted now stands at 40,000,
down from 79,000 in January, the government agency said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5886>
U.S. housing starts rose 2.6 pct in
February to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 1,851,000
units, the Commerce Department said.
    In January, housing starts fell a revised 0.5 pct to
1,804,000 units. The department previously said they fell 0.1
pct.
    The rate at which permits were issued for future
construction rose in February by 4.4 pct to a seasonally
adjusted 1,764,000 units after falling 11.52 pct to 1,690,000
units in January.
    Permits for single-family houses fell in January by 6.6 pct
to 1,091,000.
    The number of permits for multi-family houses fell in
February by 11.7 pct to 529,000 units after falling in January
by 19.3 pct, the department said.
    Housing starts in February included a seasonally adjusted
5.6 pct rise in single family units to 1,317,000 units and a
4.1 pct fall in multi-family homes to 534,000 units.
    The seasonally adjusted permits total in February for
single family units was 1,235,000 and for multi-family units
was 529,000 units.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6000>
Commerce Secretary Malcolm Baldrige
predicted 1987 will be the fifth successive year for growth in
housing starts after a 2.6 pct rise overall in February starts
to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 1.851 mln units.
    "This year should be the fifth solid year in a row for
homebuilding activity -- with single-family units stronger than
multi-family units," he said in a statement.
    Single-family starts rose last month from January levels by
5.6 pct to 1.317 mln units on a seasonally adjusted basis while
multi-family unit starts fell 4.1 pct to 534,000 units, the
department said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6067>
Commerce Secretary Malcolm Baldrige
predicted 1987 will be the fifth successive year for growth in
housing starts after a 2.6 pct rise overall in February starts
to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 1.851 mln units.
    "This year should be the fifth solid year in a row for
homebuilding activity -- with single-family units stronger than
multi-family units," he said in a statement.
    Single-family starts rose last month from January levels by
5.6 pct to 1.317 mln units on a seasonally adjusted basis while
multi-family unit starts fell 4.1 pct to 534,000 units, the
department reported.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6197>
Surprisingly strong U.S. housing
statistics for February cannot be taken as an indication that
the economy is generating any momentum and are not sufficient
cause to start lifting forecasts for first quarter growth,
economists said.
    Building was boosted by two factors last month, unusually
mild weather and low mortgage rates. But economists said that
seasonal factors make it hard to assess what spur to the
economy, if any, will come from housing in coming months. And
after a steady retreat, mortgage rates seem to be near bottom.
    U.S. housing starts rose 2.6 pct in February to a
seasonally adjusted annual rate of 1.851 mln units from 1.804
mln in January. It was the highest pace for starts since April
1986.
    The rate at which permits were issued for future building
climbed 4.4 pct to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 1.764
mln units after dropping 11.52 pct to 1.690 mln in January.
    "February's weather is usually more adverse for home
building. Because of seasonal factors it's difficult to
determine what this means for the economy down the road," said
Allan Leslie of Discount Corp.
    The housing report is seasonally-weighted to compensate for
weather-related setbacks. As a result, milder temperatures
inflate the statistics.
    Economists said that low mortgage rates also were a spur to
building last month. But several believe that rates will now
consolidate before edging up in late spring/early summer.
    "Builders are looking at current mortgage rates and saying
'Let's do it now'," said Mark Obrinsky of the U.S. League of
Savings Institutions in Washington, whose members supply much
of the financing for home building.
    But Obrinsky doubts that there is much more downward
potential for rates because he foresees higher inflation and 
some overall improvement in the U.S. economy.
    He expects rates to gain 50 to 100 basis points in early
summer from the 9.50 pct fixed rate effective in February. Last
November, fixed rate mortgages were about 10.30 pct.
    As expected, the strength in housing was concentrated in
the single-family sector. The multi-family area -- which
typically represents rental units -- remained weak due to high
vacancy rates and increased capital costs of such units
following tax law changes effective January 1.
    Single-family starts rose at a 5.6 pct annual pace to 1.317
mln units. Multi-family fell 4.1 pct to a 534,000 rate.
    "Strength in the single-family sector indicates that low
mortgage rates are doing their job. But we're probably not
looking at a great deal of growth potential," said Ward
McCarthy of Merrill Lynch Capital Markets.
    McCarthy noted that the housing report, together with
larger than expected gains in U.S. employment, industrial
output and retail sales in February, may cause some observers
to start waving "four pct GNP banners" for the first quarter.
Gross national product grew 1.3 pct in the fourth quarter.
    But McCarthy, who still expects first quarter real GNP to
come in at an annual rate of 2.5 pct or slightly above, is not
convinced that growth will pick up in future.
    "The big story is the inventory re-building that's going on
now, not all of which is intentional," he said. For example,
U.S. automakers, who are already saddled with high stocks,
produced at an annual rate of 8.3 mln units in February
compared with domestic car sales of 7.3 mln.
    Thus while inventories could contribute to GNP in the first
quarter, they may result in scaled-back production and weaker
growth in the second, he said.
    "If most of the first quarter growth is inventory building
and we cannot identify any improvement in export demand, then
there is the potential for softness in the second quarter,"
agreed Allan Leslie of Discount Corp. He is still evaluating
first quarter GNP prospects.
    Federal Reserve chairman Paul Volcker said last week that
current data do not show the worsening in trade has reversed.
    "At the same time that we are pumping up inventories in the
first quarter, we could foresee production slowing in the
second," cautioned Joe Plocek of McCarthy, Crisanti and Maffei
Inc, who expects first quarter growth of about three pct.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9615>
The National Association of Realtors
said sales of previously owned homes rose six pct during
February from January levels to a seasonally adjusted annual
rate of 3.69 mln units.
    The realtors' group said the sales rise was apparent across
the country and reflected lower mortgage interest rates as well
as more housing demand.
    Actual resales of homes during February totaled 241,000, up
11.6 pct from the January total of 216,000, the association
said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
