<BODY DOCID=14612>
U.S. consumer instalment credit rose
a seasonally adjusted 1.77 billion dlrs in February after a
revised rise of 789 mln dlrs in January, the Federal Reserve
Board said.
    The annual rate of growth in February was 3.7 pct, up from
1.6 pct in January. Previously the Fed said consumer credit
rose 536 mln dlrs in January.
    Among the credit categories, auto credit rose in February
by 717 mln dlrs after increasing 416 mln dlrs in January, the
Fed said.
    Revolving credit in February rose 1.04 billion dlrs after
falling by 23 mln dlrs in January.
    Mobile home credit was down by 59 mln dlrs in February
after rising 141 mln dlrs in January.
    The category referred to as "other," covering bank and credit
union loans, increased by 74 mln dlrs in February after rising
by 255 mln dlrs in January, the Fed said.
    Before seasonal adjustment, consumer credit outstanding
totaled 576.05 billion dlrs at the end of February, compared
with 530.41 billion dlrs at the end of February, 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3016>
New credit advanced by finance houses,
retailers, bank credit cards and other specialist providers of
credit slipped to 2.66 billion stg in January from 2.78 billion
in December - but remained close to the average level for
1986's fourth quarter, the Department of Trade and Industry
said.
    Of the January total, 1.15 billion stg was advanced on bank
credit cards.
    On a three-month basis, total advances in November to
January were 3.0 pct lower than in the previous three months.
Within this total, lending to consumers fell by 6.0 pct and
lending to businesses declined by 5.0 pct.
    At end-January 1987, the total amount outstanding was 24.07
billion stg, up from December's 23.77 billion stg and 3.0 pct
above the total three months earlier, the department said.
    January saw a rise of 300 mln stg in amounts outstanding to
finance houses, other specialist credit grantors and retailers.
    The department said advances on credit cards rose by 1.0
pct between the latest two three-month periods. Retailers
advanced 3.0 pct less in the latest three months than in the
previous three months, it said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3353>
U.S. consumer instalment credit rose
a seasonally adjusted 536 mln dlrs in January after a revised
rise of 144 mln dlrs in December, the Federal Reserve Board
said.
    The annual rate of growth in January was 1.1 pct, up from
0.3 pct in December. Previously the Fed said consumer credit
rose 105 mln dlrs in December.
    Among the credit categories, auto credit fell in January to
1.02 billion dlrs from 2.06 billion dlrs in December, the Fed
said.
    Revolving credit in January fell by 366 mln dlrs after
rising by 552 mln dlrs in December.
    Mobile home credit was up by 130 mln dlrs after falling by
21 mln dlrs in December.
    The category referred to as "other," covering bank and credit
union loans, fell by 250 mln dlrs in January after declining by
2.44 billion dlrs in December, the Fed said.
    Before seasonal adjustment, consumer credit outstanding
totaled 580.37 billion dlrs at the end of January, compared
with 531.29 billion dlrs at the end of January, 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
