<BODY DOCID=867>
Japan's seasonally adjusted unemployment
rate rose to a record 3.0 pct in January, the worst since the
Government started compiling unemployment statistics under its
current system in 1953, up from the previous record 2.9 pct in
December, the government's Management and Coordination Agency
said.
    Unemployment was up from 2.8 pct a year earlier.
    Unadjusted January unemployment totalled 1.82 mln people,
up from 1.61 mln in December and 1.65 mln a year earlier.
    Male unemployment in January remained at 2.9 pct, equal to
the second-worst level set last December. Record male
unemployement of 3.1 pct was set in July 1986.
    Female unemployment in January remained at 3.0 pct, equal
to the record level marked in April, August, September and
December last year.
    January's record 3.0 pct unemployment rate mainly stemmed
from loss of jobs in manufacturing industries, particularly in
export-related firms, due to the yen's continuing appreciation
against the dollar, officials said.
    Employment in manufacturing industries fell 380,000 from a
year earlier to 14.30 mln including 1.83 mln employed in the
textile industry, down 190,000 from a year earlier, and 1.06
mln in transport industries such as carmakers and shipbuilders,
down 170,000.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=889>
Japan's unemployment rate is expected to
continue to climb to about 3.5 pct within the next year from
January's three pct record, senior economists, including Susumu
Taketomi of Industrial Bank of Japan, said.
    December's 2.9 pct was the previous worst level since the
government's Management and Coordination Agency began compiling
statistics under its current system in 1953.
    "There is a general fear that we will become a country with
high unemployment," said Takashi Kiuchi, senior economist for
the Long-Term Credit Bank of Japan Ltd.
    The government, which published the January unemployment
figures today, did not make any predictions.
    "At present we do not have a forecast for the unemployment
rate this year, but it is difficult to foresee the situation
improving," a Labour Ministry official said.
    Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa said the government had
expected the increase and had set aside money to help 300,000
people find jobs in fiscal 1987 beginning in April.
    Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone told a press conference
the record rate underlines the need to pass the 1987 budget
which has been held up by opposition to proposed tax reforms.
    The yen's surge has caused layoffs in the mainstay steel
and shipbuilding industries. Other export-dependent industries,
such as cars and textiles, have laid off part-time employees
and ceased hiring, economists said.
    Although the growing service industry sector has absorbed a
great number of workers the trend is starting to slow down,
said Koichi Tsukihara, Deputy General Manager of Sumitomo Bank
Ltd's economics department.
    However, other economists disagreed, saying the service
sector would be able to hire workers no longer needed by the
manufacturing sector over the next five years.
    The economists said the service sector should grow as the
government stimulates domestic demand under its program to
transform the economy away from exports.
    Although Japanese unemployment rates appear lower than
those of other industrialised nations, methods for calculating
statistics make them difficult to compare, economists warned.
    "The three pct figure  could translate into a relatively
high figure if European methods were used," one economist said.
More than half of January's 170,000 increase in jobless from a
year earlier were those aged between 15 and 24, Sumitomo's
Tsukihara said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=895>
Finnish unemployment was 6.7 pct in
December last year compared with 6.8 pct in November and 6.1
pct in December 1985, the Central Statistical Office said.
    It said 173,000 people were unemployed in December 1986,
174,000 in November and 157,000 in December 1985.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=955>
Japan's unemployment rate is expected to
continue to climb to about 3.5 pct within the next year from
January's three pct record, senior economists, including Susumu
Taketomi of Industrial Bank of Japan, said.
    December's 2.9 pct was the previous worst level since the
government's Management and Coordination Agency began compiling
statistics under its current system in 1953.
    "There is a general fear that we will become a country with
high unemployment," said Takashi Kiuchi, senior economist for
the Long-Term Credit Bank of Japan Ltd.
    The government, which published the January unemployment
figures today, did not make any predictions.
    "At present we do not have a forecast for the unemployment
rate this year, but it is difficult to foresee the situation
improving," a Labour Ministry official said.
    Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa said the government had
expected the increase and had set aside money to help 300,000
people find jobs in fiscal 1987 beginning in April.
    Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone told a press conference
the record rate underlines the need to pass the 1987 budget
which has been held up by opposition to proposed tax reforms.
    The yen's surge has caused layoffs in the mainstay steel
and shipbuilding industries. Other export-dependent industries,
such as cars and textiles, have laid off part-time employees
and ceased hiring, economists said.
    Although the growing service industry sector has absorbed a
great number of workers the trend is starting to slow down,
said Koichi Tsukihara, Deputy General Manager of Sumitomo Bank
Ltd's economics department.
    However, other economists disagreed, saying the service
sector would be able to hire workers no longer needed by the
manufacturing sector over the next five years.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1040>
Belgian unemployment, based on the
number of jobless drawing unemployment benefit, fell to 12.1
pct of the working population at the end of February from 12.6
pct at the end of January, the National Statistics Office said.
    The rate compares with 12.4 pct at the end of February
1986.
    The total number of jobless stood at 508,392, compared with
530,587 at the end of January and 521,219 at the end of
February 1986, the Statistics Office said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2000>
New applications for unemployment
insurance benefits fell to a seasonally adjusted 332,900 in the
week ended Feb 21 from 368,400 in the prior week, the Labor
Department said.
    The number of people actually receiving benefits under
regular state programs totaled 3,014,400 in the week ended Feb
14, the latest period for which that figure was available.
    That was up from 2,997,800 the previous week.
     
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10135>
Extracts from a report by Italy's Budget
Ministry on the country's economic development in 1986 showed
gross domestic product (GDP) 2.7 pct higher in real terms than
in 1985 but a rise in unemployment.
    GDP calculated at 1980 prices rose to 434,682 billion lire
last year from 423,064 billion in 1985. On a current prices
basis, GDP was up 11 pct, totalling 894,362 billion lire in
1986 against 805,754 billion in 1985.
     But growth was insufficient to prevent a rise in
unemployment to 11.1 pct last year from 10.3 pct in 1985, the
ministry said.
    The report said falling oil prices and the depreciation of
the dollar during 1986 had favoured oil-importing countries
such as Italy.
    These factors helped Italy cut inflation to an average 6.3
pct in 1986, down from 9.3 pct in 1985.
    They also helped a major improvement in the trade balance.
    On the basis of data recently recalculated by the national
statistics institute Istat, Italy had a trade deficit in 1986
of 3,722 billion lire, the report said. This slightly revises a
previous deficit figure of 3,717 billion issued by Istat and
compares with a negative balance of 23,085 billion for 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11160>
Japan's seasonally adjusted unemployment
rate fell to 2.9 pct in February from the record 3.0 pct in
January, the government's Management and Coordination Agency
said.
    The January level was the worst since the Goverment started
compiling unemployment statistics under the current system in
1953.
    Unemployment was up from 2.8 pct a year earlier.
    Unadjusted February unemployment totalled 1.86 mln people,
up from 1.82 mln in January and 1.64 mln a year earlier.
    Male unemployment in February remained at 2.9 pct, equal to
the second-highest level set in January and December. Record
male unemployment of 3.1 pct was set in July 1986.
    Female unemployment rose to a record 3.1 pct in February
from the previous record 3.0 pct marked in January 1987 and in
April, August, September and December last year.
    "Japan's employment condition was still severe in February
as the non-rounded rate of unemployment in February fell only
0.03 percentage points to 2.93 pct from 2.96 pct in January," an
agency official said.
    Employment in manufacturing industries fell 430,000 from a
year earlier to 14.22 mln people in February due to the yen's
continued appreciation, while employment in non-manufacturing
industries rose 380,000 to 12.11 mln.
    In manufacturing industries, employment in the textile
industry fell 180,000 to 1.94 mln in February, while in
ordinary and precision machinery industries it fell 160,000 to
1.50 mln.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11276>
Unemployment fell in March to 36,510, or
1.7 pct of the workforce, compared with 39,700 (1.9 pct) in
February and 38,839 (2.2 pct) in March 1986, the Labour
Directorate said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12507>
New applications for unemployment
insurance benefits rose to a seasonally adjusted 355,000 in the
week ended March 21 from 341,000 in the prior week, the Labor
Department said.
    The number of people actually receiving benefits under
regular state programs totaled 2,480,000 in the week ended
March 14, the latest period for which that figure was
available.
    That was up from 2,454,000 the previous week.
     
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12534>
Belgian unemployment, based on the
number of jobless drawing unemployment benefit, fell to 11.8
pct of the working population at the end of March from 12.1 pct
at end of February, the National Statistics Office said.
    The rate compares with 12.0 pct at the end of March, 1986.
    The total number of jobless stood at 495,208, compared with
508,392 in February and 504,652 in March last year.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12555>
The European Community (EC) is to boost
spending to help the jobless this year.
    The EC's executive commission said in a statement spending
on its so-called social fund would rise to 3.1 billion European
Currency Units from 2.5 billion ECUs in 1986. The fund is
designed to help boost job creation and improve worker
mobility, and supplement national schemes in the EC's 12 member
states.
    Another 60 mln ECUs could be added if EC ministers switch
unused project credits to other programs, the Commission said.
    Italy is the largest net beneficiary in 1987, getting 635
mln ECUs, with Britain in second place with 580 mln.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12743>
West German unemployment, unadjusted
for seasonal factors, fell to 2.41 mln in March from 2.49 mln
in February, the Federal Labour Office said.
    The total represents 9.6 pct of the workforce compared with
10.0 pct in February.
    The seasonally adjusted jobless total rose, however, in
March to 2.23 mln from 2.18 mln in February, it added.
    In March last year the unadjusted unemployment total stood
at 2.45 mln and represented 9.8 pct of the workforce.
Seasonally adjusted unemployment was 2.29 mln.
    The Federal Labour Office said the number of workers on
short time rose by 80,629 to 462,802 and the number of
vacancies increased by 15,263 to 180,047.
    Labour Office President Heinrich Franke, announcing the
figures, said the hesitant decline in the unadjusted jobless
total reflected continuing bad weather, slack activity in the
capital goods sector and structural changes in the coal and
steel industry.
    In a separate statement, the Federal Statistics Office said
the rise in the overall number of people in employment had
slowed in February.
    The Office said that, according to estimates for February,
25.7 mln people were in work, a rise of around 240,000 or 0.9
pct compared with the same month in 1986.
    It noted that in January the year-on-year rise was 250,000
or 1.0 pct and the number in work stood at 25.78 mln. The
decline in February compared with January reflected seasonal
factors, it added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12752>
Denmark's seasonally adjusted
unemployment rate fell to 7.8 pct of the workforce in February
from 7.9 pct in January, against 7.9 pct in February 1986, the
National Statistics Office said.
    The total number of unemployed in February was 213,200
against 215,700 in January and 216,600 in February, 1986.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12818>
The U.S. civilian unemployment rate
fell to 6.6 pct in March from 6.7 pct in February, the Labor
Department said.
    The number of non-farm payroll jobs rose 164,000 last month
after rising a revised 236,000 in February. That was down from
the previously reported 337,000 rise in February.
    The March unemployment rate was the lowest since March,
1980. It had remained unchanged at 6.7 pct for three straight
months before the March decline.
    The rise in non-farm payrolls was the smallest since a
decline last June of 75,000, the department said.
    Last month's unemployment rate was down from the 7.2 pct
level in March, 1986.
    Growth in jobs continued in March but was slower than in
recent months, with the gains concentrated in service
industries.
    The number of goods-producing jobs fell 68,000 in March,
while service-producing jobs rose 232,000 to bring the total
jobs in the department's survey of businesses to 102.03 mln in
March.
    Business and health services showed the largest gains in
jobs, while manufacturing employment fell by 25,000.
    The average work week fell to 34.8 hours in March from 35.0
hours in February, the department said.
    Manufacturing hours fell to 40.9 per week from 41.2 hours
in February, but overtime hours increased to 3.7 from 3.6.
    The department's survey of households showed the number of
unemployed stood at 7.85 mln out of a work force of 119.2 mln.
    The number of persons working part time for economic
reasons fell in March to 5.46 mln from 5.78 mln in February.
    The loss of factory jobs brought the March total to 19.19
mln jobs and was concentrated in automobile, electrical and
electronic manufacturing.
    Construction employment also lowered the number of jobs in
the goods-producing sector, falling by 45,000 after seasonal
adjustment, the department said.
    Mining employment was little changed in March and has not
experienced any substantial erosion since the rapid job losses
in oil and gas drilling in the first two-thirds of 1986.
    Other service industries that increased jobs last month
were finance, insurance, and real estate.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14771>
New Zealand's unemployment rate was
3.9 pct of the workforce in the quarter ended December 31,
unchanged from a revised 3.9 pct (preliminary 3.8 pct) in the
previous quarter but slightly above 3.8 pct in the year-earlier
quarter, the Statistics Department said.
    The Department, citing the Household Labour Force Survey,
said in a statement the number of unemployed in October-
December 1986 was 61,500 against 60,500 in the September
quarter and 60,500 a year earlier.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2197>
Leaks of a major Dutch official
economic forecast due to be published on Monday indicate
reduced economic growth and a renewed rise in unemployment this
year, political and market sources say.
    Concern over an anticipated fall in Dutch competitiveness
this year against a background of an average 2-1/2 pct wage
increase, zero inflation and a firm guilder has triggered some
calls for a change in monetary policy to help boost growth.
    But whatever the government's response, the central bank
will stick to its policy of keeping the guilder firm, they say.
    The official forecasting agency Centraal Planbureau (CPB)
publishes its 1987 outlook at the start of a week which will
also see a key parliamentary debate on government finances and
the economy.
    Merchant bank Pierson, Heldring en Pierson - in an estimate
reflecting general sentiment - said last month that Dutch
economic growth was now seen around one pct.
    Domestic consumer spending is not expected to offset the
decline in export growth caused by slowing growth in West
Germany, the main Dutch trading partner, and the lower dollar,
Pierson said in its February economic outlook.
    The latest growth forecasts are well below a 1.5 to two pct
growth figure seen by the CPB early last month and forecasts of
2.5 pct economic growth in 1987 made last September.
    The fall in unemployment is bottoming out and the
government has already admitted it will not meet its goal of
reducing unemployment by an annual 50,000 from 1986 to 1990.
    Some analysts and industry leaders have questioned central
bank policy of pegging the guilder firmly to the mark and if
necessary keeping interest rates up to support the guilder.
    Employers federation NCW chairman Fred Lempers criticised
the guilder's revaluation in line with the West German mark in
last January's European Monetary System (EMS) realignment and
expressed concern over its effect on competitiveness.
    But the employers federation VNO noted the Dutch economy
had become more competitive since 1980 and the fall of the
dollar was affecting this gain more than the EMS realignment.
    Some analysts also question the central bank's decision not
to copy the latest Bundesbank discount rate cut and instead
lower money market rates and abolish a credit quota surcharge.
    Central bank president Wim Duisenberg has defended the move
saying the bank had adjusted the rates with the most impact on
the money market, noting "the (4.5 pct) discount rate is at the
moment not the most important Dutch rate because it is already
far below the market rates."
    Central bank officials say the heavy dependence on trade of
the Dutch economy requires a stable exchange rate, and interest
rate policies serve that goal.
    Analysts noted a large capital outflow from the Netherlands
recently as foreign investments in Dutch stock are being sold
to take profits.
    Loosening the tie between the guilder and the mark would
reduce international confidence in the guilder and make it more
dificult to attract foreign capital, they said, noting Dutch
interest rates rose sharply when the guilder was not revalued
completely in line with the mark in a 1983 EMS realignment.
    Many Dutch banks have reacted favourably to the decision
not to copy the last German discount rate cut, but Pierson
warned it could actually add to uncertainty over the guilder.
    Some analysts noted friction between the Finance Ministry
and the central bank, with Finance Minister Onno Ruding having
said before the Bundesbank discount rate cut he favoured lower
Dutch rates but that the Germans should move first.
    One analyst said Ruding wanted to bring interest rates down
to reduce the government debt burden.
    A Finance Ministry spokesman said lower interest rates were
needed but denied any suggestion of conflicting views between
the ministry and the central bank. "The cabinet's policy is
steady, the guilder has to stay with the mark," he said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2618>
Momentum in th U.S. economy may be
picking up given solid across-the board increases in the
February U.S. employment report, economists said.
    U.S. non-farm payroll employment rose 337,000 in February,
twice what the financial markets expected. This follows a
319,000 gain in January, revised down from a previously
reported 448,000 increase.
    "Even if you look at January and February together, this is
still a much stronger report than the consensus expectation in
the market," said Allan Leslie of Discount Corporation.
    Economists stressed that gains in hours worked signal much
larger gains in February U.S. production and income than
previously forecast.
    The average work week rose 0.2 hours to 35.0 hours from
34.8 hours in January. The average manufacturing work week rose
0.3 hours to 41.2 hours, the longest factory work week since
November 1966, the Commerce Department said.
    "The gains in manufacturing employment point to a very
large increase in industrial production of between 0.5 and 0.7
pct," said Joe Carson of Chemical Bank. This compares to a 0.4
pct  gain in January U.S. industrial production.
    Peter Greenbaum of Smith Barney Harris Upham and Co Inc
noted that the average wage rate increased to 8.87 dlrs an hour
in February from 8.83 dlrs in January.
    "Combined with the increase in hours worked, this means
we'll get a pretty healthy gain in personal income vis-a-vis
the wage and salary disbursement," he said.
    Greenbaum said that February U.S. personal income should
rise at least 0.5 pct after being flat in January.
    He said the February employment gains are consistent with
his firm's first quarter U.S. real gross national product
growth forecast of 3.7 pct.
    Economists agreed that the employment data were negative
for the credit markets in that they signal a healthier economy
and no easing in the Federal Reserve's monetary policy. But
most said that the market need not fear tighter policy either.
    "This report is another reason for the Fed to not consider
easing," said Ray Stone of Merrill Lynch Capital Markets Inc.  
  "It gives them more room to address the dollar situation," he
said. "If they had to nudge policy tighter, they could do so,
but it's most likely they'll sit and wait."
    "The data have not been uniform," Stone added. "Durable
goods were weak in January and now employment is strong."
    In January, U.S. durable goods orders dropped 7.5 pct,
followed by a 4.0 pct drop in U.S. factory goods orders. U.S.
retail sales fell 5.8 pct, and the U.S. merchandise trade gap
widened to 14.8 billion dlrs.
    "Things just aren't adding up," said Steve Slifer of Lehman
Goverment Securities Inc. "Consumer spending, capital spending,
goverment spending, and net exports data show very weak first
quarter GNP growth of one pct," he said.
    "The employment and production data point to a big
inventory build-up, but that's what we thought in the fourth
quarter and we only got 1.3 pct GNP growth."
    Manufacturing employment gained 50,000 after falling 15,000
in January. Economists estimated that 30,000 of the gain was
accounted for by striking workers in the steel and machinery
industries returning to work.
    Even so, some economists said that the manufacturing gains
have resulted from an improving trade outlook.
    Jason Benderly of Goldman, Sachs and Co noted that the U.S.
trade picture improved in the fourth quarter as net exports
grew at a 20 pct annual rate while the rate of increase in
imports fell to only six pct, and that it continues to improve
in the first quarter.
    "Not only the official statistics for the fourth quarter,
but evidence of a pick up in orders from overseas for paper
products, chemicals, high-tech goods, and capital goods show
that trade is improving," Benderley said.
    "The economy is moving between extremes," he said. "Some
reports are going to look bad and some good, but first quarter
GNP is going to grow in the middle at about three pct."
    A 287,000 gain in services employment comprised the greater
part of February's employment gain. Retail services employment
rose 129,000 in February, compared to a gain of 117,000 in
January, previously reported at 166,000.
    Construction employment rose a slim 2,000 in February. But
this follows a robust 113,000 gain in January, revised down
from a previously reported 142,000 gain.
    The U.S. civilian unemployment rate was unchanged in
February at 6.7 pct. This means the jobless rate has stayed at
6.7 pct for three consecutive months, the lowest reading since
March 1980, the Commerce Department noted.
    "The Federal Reserve has to be pleased with this report,"
Carson said. "This takes away the Fed's flexibility to ease,
but there's no reason to tighten. It's way too early for that."
      
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2746>
The government plans to go ahead with a
three billion franc package to help the long-term unemployed,
with the aim of guaranteeing social security payments to
everyone becoming redundant, government officials said.
    At present only about one-third of the country's 2.6 mln
jobless, corresponding to 10.9 pct of the workforce, receive
unemployment benefit.
    Prime Minister Jacques Chirac told a television
interviewer, "As soon as the law is approved, and it will be in
a matter of weeks, all workers made redundant will have the
right to social benefits."
    The money, which will be used to alleviate unemployment
through retraining or project finance, will come from a 7.5
billion franc government fund set up last month to finance
spending on special areas of concern.
    Apart from unemployment, these include relief to farmers
hit by European Community cost-cutting measures.
    French unemployment has risen by more than 40 pct from 1.8
mln when socialist President Francois Mitterrand took office in
1981.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3024>
Dutch economic growth is slowing as a
firming guilder cuts competitiveness abroad and industries
reduce the pace of investment, the Dutch official planning
agency CPB said.
    The Centraal Planbureau, publishing its 1987 economic
outlook, said Dutch Net National Income (NNI) was expected to
grow by one pct this year, down from two pct growth recorded in
1986 and 2.5 pct in 1985 and 1984.
    Dutch Gross National Product is expected to rise to 432.20
billion guilders in 1987 in constant prices, a two pct increase
from last year's 423.95 billion.
    The CPB, forecasting an 8.5 pct increase in the value of
the guilder on a trade-weighted basis compared with 10.0 pct
last year, said the dollar was expected to trade at an average
of 2.0 guilders in 1987 compared with 2.45 guilders in 1986.
    "The higher guilder is causing a substantial fall in unit
labour costs abroad, when measured in guilder terms, while
these are rising slightly in the Netherlands," the CPB said.
    More of economic growth now depended on domestic
consumption, the CPB said, but noting that higher margins set
by domestic producers and importers mitigated the effect on
purchasing power of lower import costs and deflation.
    Consumer prices were set to fall by 1.5 pct this year, the
CPB said. Inflation was zero last year.
    Gross investment in industry was expected to grow by five
pct this year, a slowdown compared with 11.5 pct growth last
year, the CPB said.
    Exchange rate and oil price fluctuations will continue to
condition the Dutch economy in the future as it has in recent
years, the CPB said, noting a continued depressing impact of
these factors on Dutch competitiveness.
    In addition, it noted a slight rise in taxation and social
security costs to employers.
    The CPB, forecasting a rise in the budget deficit to 7.2
pct of Net National Income in 1987 from 6.3 pct last year,
urged the government to cut expenditure further to bring down
the deficit and reduce tax and social security payments in
future.
    Dutch government revenue is being depressed further by
falling income from natural gas sales in 1987, the CPB said.
    It said unemployment was expected to fall to 675,000 this
year from 710,000 last year.
    While the two pct GDP growth forecast set by the CPB is
within its latest forecast, issued last month, of 1.5 to two
pct growth, the figure is well above recent market estimates.
    Dutch merchant bank Pierson, Heldring en Pierson said in
its February economic outlook that GDP growth at constant
prices was expected to be 1.1 pct this year and market analysts
had expected the CPB's final forecast to be below its own
latest estimate.
    "It is too early to comment because I haven't seen the whole
document yet, but it would seem we are more pessimistic in some
of our estimates," a Pierson economist said.
    The CPB forecast 2.5 pct export growth in volume terms in
1987, after four pct growth last year. Excluding energy
exports, the 1987 figure would be two pct, it said.
    Imports were set to rise by 4.5 pct this year compared with
four pct in 1986 in volume terms, the CPB said.
    The balance of payments would see a sharp decline in the
surplus, to six billion guilders in 1987 compared with 12.1
billion last year, the CPB forecast.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3472>
The yen's rise against the dollar is
expected to boost Japan's unemployment rate to an average 3.3
pct in the 1987/88 fiscal year beginning April 1 from January's
record three pct, the private Nomura Research Institute said.
    The official 1987/88 estimate is 2.9 pct.
    The research arm of Nomura Securities Co forecast
unemployment would exceed two mln by mid-fiscal 1987, against
an estimated 1.75 mln for the current year.
    Nomura urged the government to take pump-priming measures
to help redress trade imbalances and boost employment.
    Employment in manufacturing during fiscal 1987/88 was
predicted to fall 550,000 from the current year due to higher
job losses in the steel, shipbuilding and heavy electrical
machinery sectors, Nomura said.
    Employment in the non-manufacturing sector will continue to
increase, the institute said, without giving figures.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3520>
The yen's rise against the dollar is
expected to boost Japan's unemployment rate to an average 3.3
pct in the 1987/88 fiscal year beginning April 1 from January's
record three pct, the private Nomura Research Institute said.
    The official 1987/88 estimate is 2.9 pct.
    The research arm of Nomura Securities Co forecast
unemployment would exceed two mln by mid-fiscal 1987, against
an estimated 1.75 mln for the current year.
    Nomura urged the government to take pump-priming measures
to help redress trade imbalances and boost employment.
    Employment in manufacturing during fiscal 1987/88 was
predicted to fall 550,000 from the current year due to higher
job losses in the steel, shipbuilding and heavy electrical
machinery sectors, Nomura said.
    Employment in the non-manufacturing sector will continue to
increase, the institute said, without giving figures.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3717>
Dutch seasonally-adjusted
unemployment totalled 690,600 people in February, unchanged
from January but down from 732,700 in February 1986, a Social
Affairs Ministry spokesman said.
    The unadjusted figure stood at 708,700 at the end of last
month, a decline of 3,800 from the January total of 712,500 and
comparing with 750,000 at the end of February last year.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4036>
Australia's seasonally-adjusted
unemployment rate eased to 8.2 pct of the estimated workforce
in February from 8.3 pct in January, compared with 7.9 pct a
year earlier, the Statistics Bureau said.
    The number of unemployed declined to 632,100 from 638,300
in January, against 594,500 in February 1986, it said.
    But unadjusted, the number of jobless rose to 699,800 or
9.1 pct of the workforce from 671,400 or 8.9 pct in January and
658,500 or 8.7 pct a year earlier.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4091>
Denmark's seasonally adjusted
unemployment rate rose to 7.9 pct of the workforce in January
from 7.8 pct in December, unchanged from January 1986, the
National Statistics Office said.
    The total of unemployed in January was 216,200 against
212,200 in December and 216,600 in January 1986.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4306>
The number of Spanish registered
unemployed rose by 15,608 to 2.98 mln or 21.5 pct of the
workforce in January in the sixth consecutive monthly increase,
the Labour Ministry said.
    Registered unemployed totalled 2.81 mln or 21.1 pct of the
workforce in February 1986.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4700>
Canada's February unemployment rate,
seasonally adjusted, fell to 9.6 pct from 9.7 pct in January,
Statistics Canada said. The rate was 9.8 pct in February last
year.
    Seasonally adjusted employment in February was 11,777,000,
compared with 11,747,000 in January, while unemployment slipped
to 1,252,000 from 1,255,000.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5215>
Swiss unemployment edged down to 0.9 pct
of the working population from one pct in January and in
February 1986, the Federal Office of Industry, Trade and Labour
said.
    Seasonally adjusted, however, there was a slight rise in
unemployment.
    The number out of work fell to 28,439, down 1,142 compared
with the previous month. The number of vacant positions
registered with employment offices stood at 11,968 against
10,694 in January.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5392>
A new method of calculating Sweden's
unemployment figures reduced the number of jobless by a sixth,
a spokesman for the Central Bureau of Statistics (SCB) said,
reporting a substantial drop in the past year.
    According to the revised data there were 94,000 jobless in
February representing 2.2 pct of the workforce against 120,000
or 2.8 pct of the workforce in February 1986.
    SCB official Olle Wessberg said the new figures were based
on a more extensive survey of the unemployed which brought
Sweden into line with the practises recommended by the
Geneva-based International Labour Organisation.
    Wessberg said the new method cut the number of unemployed
by about 16 pct. "The way we are now collecting data is far more
accurate and we are asking many more questions to find out
whether the jobless want work, whether they are able to work
and whether they have actually looked for work," he told
Reuters.
    The new method was first used for the January figures,
which showed unemployment dropping to 2.1 pct of the workforce
from 2.7 pct (old style) in December, but Wessberg said the
change had apparently not been noticed by the press.
    Recalculated according to the new method, unemployment in
February 1986 would have stood at 2.2 pct, the SCB said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6158>
The Bank of France expects a continued
revival in short-term industrial activity, but the outlook for
any improvement in France's record 10.9 pct unemployment rate
remains bleak, the Bank of France said in its monthly review.
    The upturn in activity in all industrial sectors except the
agro-food sector in February more than compensated for the fall
in January, while construction and civil engineering
experienced a recovery which appears likely to extend over the
next few months.
    Internal demand rose and the export situation improved, in
particular toward the European Community (EC), the Bank said.
    Stocks decreases and order book levels, with the exception
of the agro-food industry, improved substantially.
    In addition, retail prices and salaries stabilised last
months.
    Production rose in all sectors except agricultural
machinery and aeronautics, where it stabilised, and ship
construction, where it declined.
    The car industry was the major beneficiary of the upturn in
activity in February, with both domestic and export orders
rising.
    In the consumer goods sector, actitity rose sharply despite
a fall in the household goods sector and stability in
pharmaceuticals.
    Among semi-finished products, output rose sharply, helped
by a strong growth in construction materials.
    But activity in the retail sector declined slightly over
the past two months.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6603>
The government announced a three billion
franc program to combat long-term unemployment amid speculation
among political and economic analysts that it is positioning
itself for a period of economic reflation.
    The package presented to the cabinet of Prime Minister
Jacques Chirac by Social Affairs and Labour Minister Philippe
Seguin today is to be financed out of a 7.5 billion franc
contingency fund announced on February 25.
    Finance Minister Edouard Balladur previously ruled out a
reflationary program.
    Long-term unemployment, defined as being out of work for
more than one year, affects about 830,000 people or one third
of French unemployed, government figures show.
    The main measures of the employment program give employers
financial incentives to offer short-term work contracts of at
least two years and stress retraining to help the long-term
unemployed return to the labour market.
    Training subsidies and exemptions from social security
contributions are the main incentives for employers.
    "Companies tell us that we have to give them a strong
incentive to take on people who have fallen out of the labour
market and that's why the proposals...Are costly," an aide to
Seguin said.
    The analysts said speculation the government is considering
a reflationary program was sparked by Chirac spokesman Denis
Baudouin, who said yesterday that ministers were generally
agreed on the desirability of relaunching the economy.
    He appeared to contradict statements by Balladur ruling out
economic stimulation despite the government's revision of its
1987 growth forecast to about 2.0 pct from 2.8.
    Finance ministry officials later clarified Baudouin's
remarks, saying there was no question of any move to stimulate
the economy through a boost to consumer spending although
government policy allowed for increased industrial investment
from the proceeds of France's five-year privatisation plan.
    The 1987 budget allowed for 30 billion francs in revenue
from privatisation, to be split between repaying national debt
and providing state enterprises with fresh capital.
    Some political analysts said Baudouin's comments possibly
reflect widening differences within the RPR-UDF coalition on
social issues ahead of next year's presidential elections.
     Divisions began to show last December, when a wave of
strikes led by transport workers paralysed the country and
drove the government into a new mood of conciliation with
labour.
     Officials said that after the success of the privatisation
of Cie de Saint Gobain &lt;SGEP.PA> and Cie Financiere de Paribas
&lt;PARI.PA> the government had decided to speed up its five-year
privatisation program with the aim of completing a third of it
this year, ahead of the presidential elections expected in
1988.
    The accelerated program could provide additional unbudgeted
revenue to boost industrial and research investment and
spending on infrastructure such as the national motorway
network.
   The government also today revived a proposal, blocked last
year by Socialist president Francois Mitterrand, to encourage
more flexible working hours, which it says will boost jobs by
improving the competitiveness of French industry.
    The proposals allowing night-shift work by women and
variations in the standard 39-hour working week are to be put
to parliament as a self-contained draft bill after being vetoed
for procedural reasons by Mitterrand and later the Council of
State.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6951>
New Zealand's unemployment rate fell
to 6.0 pct of the workforce at the end of February from 6.1 pct
in January but was above the 4.3 pct level of February 1986,
the labour department said.
    It said the number of unemployed fell to 78,711 from 81,558
in January, and compared with 57,103 in February 1986.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7013>
Unemployment in the U.K. Fell a
provisional seasonally-adjusted 44,100 in February, to total
3.07 mln or 11.1 pct of the workforce, the Employment
Department said.
    In January, seasonally adjusted unemployment fell by a
revised 1,100 to 11.3 pct, it said. Initially the January
position was reported as flat.
    The unadjusted jobless total, including school leavers,
fell to 3.23 mln, or 11.7 pct, from 3.30 mln, 11.9 pct, in
January.
    February was the seventh successive month that seasonally
adjusted unemployment registered a fall.
    It was at a peak of 11.7 pct last summer.
    Lord Young, the Employment Minister, said there appeared
little doubt the monthly fall, which has been running at about
20,000, will continue.
    A Department spokesman said the sharp fall in February
reflected some compensation for the flat figure in January and
continued the downward trend seen in the past six months.
    He said the February fall was spread throughout the country
and among men and women.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7070>
New applications for unemployment
insurance benefits fell to a seasonally adjusted 340,000 in the
week ended March 7 from 373,000 in the prior week, the Labor
Department said.
    The number of people actually receiving benefits under
regular state programs totaled 2,507,000 in the week ended Feb
28, the latest period for which that figure was available.
    That was up from 2,477,000 the previous week.
     
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8173>
French gross domestic product should grow
by 2.3 pct in 1988 after two pct growth this year and 2.1 pct
in 1986, the Finance Ministry said.
    The latest forecast, prepared by the National Accounts and
Budget Commission, assumed an exchange rate of 6.20 francs to
the dollar this year and next and an average oil import price
rising to 18.9 dlrs a barrel next year from 17.4 dlrs this year
and 14.7 in 1986.
    The Commission, headed by Finance minister Edouard
Balladur, forecast a fall in consumer price inflation to two
pct year-on-year at end-1988 from 2.4 pct at end 1987 and 2.1
pct last year.
    In annual average terms inflation would fall to two pct in
1988 from 2.5 pct this year and 2.7 pct last year, it said.
    Trade should show a one billion franc annual surplus this
year and next after last year's 0.5 billion surplus, it added.
    Employment should rise by 0.1 pct a year over the next two
years while the state budget deficit should be cut to 2.2 pct
of GDP in 1988 from 2.6 pct this year and 2.9 pct in 1986.
    Other forecasts prepared by the Commission indicated a 1.8
pct 1988 rise in household purchasing power, up from 1.1 pct
this year but less than last year's 2.9 pct, and a 1.6 pct rise
in household consumption, compared with this year's 1.5 pct and
last year's 2.9 pct.
    Business investment is forecast to rise four pct a year
this year and next after 3.7 pct last year, with private sector
productive investment rising 4.9 pct in 1988 after a six pct
rise this year and 5.5 pct in 1986.
    The Ministry said updated forecasts would be prepared
before the autumn to serve as the basis for the 1988 budget,
which the government is now preparing for presentation in
September.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8681>
The 1992 deadline for abolishing economic
barriers within the European Community should help French
economic growth and create jobs, president of the French
employers' federation CNPF Francois Perigot said.
    "Having a market at our disposal which is as homogeneous and
accessible as that of Europe is an incredible piece of luck," he
told Le Figaro in an interview.
    He said that the majority of French business leaders were
enthusiastic about the abolition of barriers and saw it as an
opportunity rather than a danger for their companies.
    "It can permit us to return to a growth rate which is much
better than we could achieve in isolation. We know that we have
to reestablish growth at three pct a year to solve the enormous
problems confronting us -- and I am referring mainly to
unemployment," Perigot added.
    Finance Minister Edouard Balladur said yesterday that
French growth would be just two pct this year, the same as last
year and compared with the government's original 2.8 pct
target.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8746>
The U.S. economy is showing some
promising signs of accelerated expansion despite the
sluggishness of the fourth quarter last year, private
economists say.
    Some of the slowness experienced in the October-December
period had been expected to spill over into the first quarter
this year, as the tax law changes that went into effect in
January slowed business and consumer spending.
    But some of the latest economic data show signs of
surprising strength in the U.S. economy, although some
economists remain cautious about the outlook.
    The Commerce Department reported today that new orders for
durable goods in February jumped by 5.7 billion dlrs, a six pct
rise, to 101.2 billion dlrs. Even excluding volatile defense
goods, durable goods orders rose a healthy 3.8 pct, the agency
said.
    The February numbers surpassed the expectations of many
financial analysts, whose predictions ranged from flat to
increases of up to five pct.
    The January/February employment statistics suggest the
Gross National Product will show a healthy rate of growth for
the first three months of this year, said Lyle Gramley, an
economist with the Mortgage Bankers Association.
    The U.S. jobless rate in February and January was 6.7 pct,
the lowest rate since March 1980. The number of new non-farm
jobs rose by 337,000 in February after a 319,000 gain in
January and a 225,000 December increase, the government said.
    The employment data suggests a GNP annual growth rate of
about three to 3.25 pct in the first quarter, said Gramley.
    Much of that will be attributed to businesses rebuilding
their inventories and is not likely to be sustained in the
second quarter, Gramley said. He expects a slowdown in the
second quarter with smaller increases in personal consumption
and government spending. He also sees residential construction
declining mostly for multi-family housing units.
    Fidelity Bank senior economist Mickey Levy said some of the
fourth quarter slowness will continue.
    Levy predicts GNP will grow at a scant 1.5 pct rate in the
first quarter of 1987, accelerate during the second quarter and
show a brisk 4.5 pct annual rate in the third quarter.
    The key to both forecasts is a marked improvement in the
U.S. trade balance which is expected because of the decline in
the dollar's value over the last year and half.
    "The improvement will be gradual and long lasting," Levy
predicted. Most of it will be through import reduction, but at
least one-third will be due to a rise in product exports as the
prices of U.S. goods become more attractive overseas.
    The Reagan administration has predicted the trade deficit,
which soared to record levels last year, will improve this year
and the U.S. economy will grow by a respectable 3.2 pct for the
year compared with a 2.5 pct rate last year.
    As part of the effort to reduce the trade deficit, the U.S.
has been pressing West Germany and Japan to stimulate their
domestic demand for goods from the U.S. and others.
    U.S. officials believe that would help take some of the
pressure off the United States whose five years of economic
growth has been the mainstay of developing countries.
    The U.S. economy provided them with a giant market for
their goods giving them a way to earn income badly needed to
service their foreign debt.
    The government last week said the U.S. economy grew at a
modest 1.1 pct annual rate during the fourth quarter.
    There were indications of improvement in the huge imbalance
between the volume of goods imported to the United States and
those shipped abroad. The report showed a rising volume of
exports corresponding to a decline in imports despite the fact
that in current dollar terms, the U.S. trade deficit worsened
during the closing three months of 1986.
    While fourth quarter economic growth was weak, corporate
profits jumped a healthy 6.1 pct during the period, the
government said. It also reported that inflation, as measured
by the GNP price deflator, remained in check, growing a
moderate 0.7 pct in the period, the lowest rise in 19 years.
    The government also reported that consumer spending, a key
element of the five year economic recovery, jumped 1.7 pct in
February, after falling two pct in January.
    The Federal Reserve Board also reported that the
manufacturing sector, which had been one of the weaker elements
of the U.S. economy, was showing signs of recovery.
    In its latest report on current economic conditions, the
Fed said that economic activity in the various regions of the
country ranged from uneven or steady to improving.
Manufacturing activity showed signs of improvement in most
regions except Dallas where orders remained sluggish.
    Chase Econometrics Chairman Lawrence Chimerine said the
pick up in the U.S. manufacturing sector is largely due to the
drop in the dollar's value. He said he does not foresee a major
pick up in economic activity, but does not believe the economy
will slip into recession either.
    He said higher prices on imported products and wage cuts
that have helped the manufacturing sector will squeeze
consumers purchasing power.
    "That pattern is starting and will continue for a number of
years," Chimerine said. He sees economic growth hovering around
a modest two pct level for the next few years.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9751>
Treasurer Paul Keating forecast
economic growth at slightly under two pct in the financial year
ending June this year, down from the 2.25 pct forecast
contained in the 1986/87 budget delivered last August.
    Australia's terms of trade also fell, by 18 pct, over the
past two years, he told Parliament. Terms of trade are the
difference between import and export price indexes.
    Despite the figures, the budget forecast of about 1.75 pct
annual growth in employment would be met, Keating said.
    Unemployment is currently at 8.2 pct of the workforce.
    "This government is dragging Australia through a trading
holocaust the kind of which we have not seen since the Second
World War," Keating said.
    "We are not pushing this place into a recession. We are not
only holding our gains on unemployment, we are bringing
unemployment down," he said, adding that the government had help
the country avoid recession.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9812>
French unemployment rose to a record
seasonally adjusted 2.65 mln in February from 2.61 mln in
January and 2.57 mln at the end of last year, the Labour
Ministry said.
    The rise took the percentage of the workforce out of a job
to 11.0 pct last month from 10.9 pct in January and 10.7 pct at
the end of 1986.
    In unadjusted terms unemployment fell by around 30,000 last
month to 2.70 mln.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9834>
New applications for unemployment
insurance benefits rose to a seasonally adjusted 341,000 in the
week ended March 14 from 340,000 in the prior week, the Labor
Department said.
    The number of people actually receiving benefits under
regular state programs totaled 2,454,000 in the week ended
March 7, the latest period for which that figure was available.
    That was up from 2,507,000 the previous week.
     
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9897>
Treasurer Paul Keating forecast
economic growth at slightly under two pct in the financial year
ending June this year, down from the 2.25 pct forecast
contained in the 1986/87 budget delivered last August.
    Australia's terms of trade also fell, by 18 pct, over the
past two years, he told Parliament. Terms of trade are the
difference between import and export price indexes.
    Despite the figures, the budget forecast of about 1.75 pct
annual growth in employment would be met, Keating said.
    Unemployment is currently at 8.2 pct of the workforce.
    "This government is dragging Australia through a trading
holocaust the kind of which we have not seen since the Second
World War," Keating said.
    "We are not pushing this place into a recession. We are not
only holding our gains on unemployment, we are bringing
unemployment down," he said, adding that the government had help
the country avoid recession.
 REUTER
</BODY>
