<BODY DOCID=10485>
Pegasus Gold Inc said
milling operations have started at its Montana Tunnels open-pit
gold, silver, zinc and lead mine near Helena.
    The start-up is three months ahead of schedule and six mln
dlrs under budget, the company said. Original capital cost of
the mine was 57.5 mln dlrs, but came in at 51.5 mln dlrs, the
company said.
    After a start-up period, the mill is expected to produce 
106,000 ounces of gold, 1,700,000 ounces of silver, 26,000 tons
of zinc and 5,700 tons of lead on an annual basis from
4,300,000 tons of ore, the company said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11935>
Cominco Ltd said its
Cominco metals division lowered the price for lead metal sold
in Canada by 1/2 Canadian cts per pound to 34 Canadian cts per
pound.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11958>
Cominco Ltd said its
Cominco metals division lowered the price for lead metal sold
in Canada by 1/2 Canadian cts per pound to 34 Canadian cts per
pound.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12484>
The London Metal Exchange, LME, issued
turnovers for March 1987, with figures for corresponding period
1986 in brackets.
    All in tonnes except Silver which in troy ounces.
    Copper higher grade nil (2,526,425), Standard cathodes nil
(6,325), Grade A 2,429,200 (nil), Standard Copper 17,050 (nil),
Lead 443,850 (538,750), Zinc High grade 598,550 (304,825),
Silver large 10,350,000 (17,400,000), Small nil (2,000),
Aluminium 1,693,375 (1,301,850), Nickel 62,004 (65,040).
    Cumulative figures for January-March were as follows -
Copper higher grade nil (7,703,625), Standard cathodes nil
(24,700), Grade A 6,455,525 (nil), Standard Copper 62,075
(nil), Lead 1,567,000 (1,979,750), Zinc High grade 1,746,675
(1,356,400), Silver large 41,770,000 (65,620,000), Small nil
(8,000), Aluminium 4,984,650 (4,974,950), Nickel 199,944
(179,328).
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14572>
Westmin Resources Ltd said it
plans to increase capacity at its Myra Falls, British Columbia,
base and precious metal mine and mill complex by 33 pct to
4,400 short tons of ore a day, subject to regulatory approvals.
    The company said the expansion will cost about 24 mln dlrs
and could be in operation by 1988.
    Economies of scale from the expansion should pay back net
expansion cost in less than one year, Westmin said.
    The Myra Falls complex processed 3,257 tons of ore a day
during 1986. Myra Falls 1986 production was 44,000 ounces of
gold, 966,266 ounces of silver, 45.5 mln lbs of copper, 96.2
mln lbs of zinc and 777,000 lbs of lead, a company spokesman
said.
    Myra Falls 1986 production was 44,000 ounces of gold,
966,266 ounces of silver, 45.5 mln pounds of copper, 96.2 mln
pounds of zinc and 777,000 pounds of lead, a company spokesman
said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2186>
Zambian copper production rose 3.2 pct to
113,275 tonnes in fourth quarter 1986 from 109,767 in the same
1985 period but sales fell 18.7 pct to 119,967 tonnes from
147,537, Zambia Consolidated Copper Mines, ZCCM, said.
    A spokesman for the government-controlled mining company
said the country's cobalt production fell 24 pct to 879 tonnes
over the same period, while cobalt sales rose 92 pct to 1,734
tonnes. He did not give figures for the fourth quarter of 1985.
    Lead production fell 22.9 pct to 1,670 tonnes from 2,165
and zinc production dropped 14 pct to 4,830 tonnes, he added.
    ZCCM, which monopolises copper mining in Zambia and
accounts for about 90 pct of the country's foreign exchange
earnings, made a net loss of 718 mln kwacha in 1986 compared
with a net profit of 19 mln kwacha the previous year.
    The 1986 losses were after taking into account net interest
payments of 426 mln kwacha, an exchange loss of 412 mln kwacha
and taxes of 235 mln kwacha.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3211>
Lead stocks held by U.S. refiners rose
to 37,295 short tons at the end of February from 34,224 short
tons (revised higher) at the end of January, the American
Bureau of Metal Statistics reported.
    Production of lead decreased to 33,619 short tons in
February from 38,759 short tons in January.
    Shipments from plants increased to 30,467 short tons in
February from 27,041 short tons (revised lower) in January, the
ABMS said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3454>
&lt;Metal Traders Australasia Ltd> said a
newly-formed subsidiary, the &lt;Austmet Ltd> group, has
negotiated an exclusive long-term contract with Spain's
&lt;Asturiana de Zinc> to market its zinc metal exports.
    Metal Traders said in a statement the contract would
underpin the worldwide zinc, copper and lead trading activities
of Austmet, a wholly-owned London-based company with a U.S.
Unit in Stamford, Connecticut.
    Austmet has recruited a group of base metal traders,
currently operating out of Britain and the U.S., Who have
handled Asturiana's business for the past five years, it said.
    Asturiana has a three-year option to purchase 25 pct of the
Austmet group, to be priced on an independent valuation at the
time of exercise, Metal Traders said.
    Austmet will have an initial equity base of one mln stg, a
turnover of 200 mln Australian dlrs rising to 300 mln in the
first year, and credit lines of up to 30 mln U.S. Dlrs.
    Austmet should be generating profits from July 1 and a
1.5-2.5 mln dlr net is envisaged within two years, it said.
    Metal Traders said Asturiana has the largest zinc smelting
capacity in Europe -- nearly 200,000 tonnes a year of 99.995
pct high-grade zinc, at Aviles in northern Spain.
    Metal Traders, a listed company, was formerly &lt;Pyrotech
Resources N.L.> whose chief activity was the development and
marketing of high-technology smelting processes invented in
Australia, notably the Siromelt Zinc Fuming Process.
    But in late 1986, control of the company changed and it
expanded by acquisition into metal trading in Australia and
Asia. It then changed its name.
    It also has the marketing contract for mineral sands
produced by &lt;TiO2 Corp N.L.>, of which it holds 17.5 pct.
    In today's statement, Metal Traders also said it is
reviewing possible acquisition of a mineral producer.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5153>
India will get 104.65 mln stg as
grants from Britain to develop its coal, zinc and lead
industries, the British Information Services said in a
statement.
    It said a 31 mln stg grant would be disbursed over three to
four years under an agreement signed here yesterday between the
Indian Finance Ministry and the British Overseas Development
Administration.
    The British grants for developing the Indian coal industry
using British mechanised longwall technology totalled 52 mln
stg in the past 10 years, it said.
    Under a separate agreement, the British government agreed
to provide 73.65 mln stg as a grant to develop a zinc and lead
mine at Rampura-Agucha and an associated smelting complex at
Chaneriya, both in India's northern state of Rajasthan, the
statement said.
    The grant will finance the basic engineering for the
smelter complex to be undertaken by Britain's &lt;Davy McKee> of
Stockton. It will also help develop the mine complex, it added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6451>
Davy McKee Ltd, a subsidiary of U.K.
Engineering and contruction company Davy Corp Plc, has been
awarded a contract worth around 15 mln stg for the design of a
zinc and lead smelter in India, a spokesman for the company
said.
    The contract is being funded by Britain's Overseas
Development Administration as part of a total grant of 73.65
mln stg to India's state-owned Hindustan Zinc Ltd.
    The grant is for the development of a major zinc and lead
mine and associated smelting complex in Rajastan, North West
India, the agency said.
    The agency said the project was expected to account for 44
pct of India's total production of zinc.
    A total 55 mln stg of the grant is allocated for the supply
of goods and services from Britain. The grant comes as part of
package announced on March 13 for Indian mineral development.
    The agency is also paying a further 31 mln stg to India's
coal sector, for the expansion of its indigenous coal
development programme, using British-designed longwall
technology.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7775>
&lt;Houston Metals Corp> said the
the first phase of the underground rehabilitation, extensive
drilling and bulk sampling program at its Silver Queen Mine has
yielded positive results.
    Houston said representative assays from the 2,750 ft and
2,600 ft levels at the south end of the mine established ore
deposits in the following ranges: copper, 3.7 pct to 5.08 pct,
lead .99 pct to 1.5 pct, zinc six pct to 9.6 pct, silver 15.63
pct to 79.92 oz per ton, gold .062 to .19 oz per ton, germanium
93 to 103 grams per ton, gallium five to 18 grams per ton.
    In addition, Houston Metals said the weighted average of 25
diamond-drilled holes 375 ft below the 2,600 foot level and 800
ft along the strike assayed gold at .237 oz per ton, silver at
10.91 oz per ton and zinc at 8.99 pct.
    An apparent parallel vein structure at the 2,600 ft level
returned similar values, the company said.
    It added that preliminary metallurgical tests from
representative bulk ore samples indicate the commercial
feasability of producing a zinc and a copper-lead concentrate.
    Houston Metals said gold, silver and the base metals have
recoveries of 90 pct to 95 pct, with 95 pct of gold recovered
from better gold ores, while gallium, germanium and indium have
recoveries of between 66 pct to 82 pct and are included in the
zinc concentrate.
    The company's 1987 program of diamond drilling, underground
drifting and metallurgical evaluation is scheduled to start on
April.
    Houston Metals said it has a 60 pct interest in the Silver
Queen mines.
    It added that funds for the program have been provided by
First Exploration Fund, a Canadian limited partnership
sponsored by Merrill Lynch Canada Inc and Dominion Securities
Inc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7809>
U.K. Smelter Capper Pass denied rumours
that the company had declared, or was about to declare, force
majeure on lead deliveries.
    This followed trader talk on the London Metal Exchange,
LME, after broker bids were made at increased premiums for
Capper Pass brand material.
    Traders said some slight production problems seem to exist
but are unlikely to have any impact on the market. Lead values
on the LME today were unchanged around 299 stg per tonne for
three months delivery after thin business in a one stg range.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7842>
U.K. Consumption of lead and zinc in all
forms during January rose to 26,314 and 18,778 tonnes, from
24,967 and 17,929 tonnes respectively in December, latest
figures by the World Bureau of Metal Statistics (WBMS) show.
    Refined lead consumption rose to 23,992 tonnes from 23,194,
while scrap offtake was 2,322 tonnes against 1,773.
    Slab zinc consumption was 14,257 tonnes against 14,190
during December, while offtake of scrap and re-melted metal was
4,521 tonnes against 3,739.
    Meanwhile production of refined lead in January rose to
28,188 tonnes from 23,693 in December, but slab zinc production
fell to 4,490 tonnes from 5,793, the WBMS figures showed.
    Stocks of slab zinc totalled 14,780 tonnes, down from
December's 15,008.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8854>
Hecla Mining Co said it
has agreed to purchase a 28 pct interest in the Greens Creek
Joint Venture from British Petroleum Co PLC's Amselco Minerals
Inc unit.
    The venture expects to bring into production a
gold-silver-lead-zinc ore body on Admiralty Island, Alaska,
containing about 3,500,000 short tons of ore assaying about
0.18 ounce of gold, 24.0 ounces of silver, 9.7 pct zinc and 3.9
pct zinc per short ton, Hecla said.  It said there is
significant potential for the discovery of additional ore.
    Hecla said initial production from a trackless underground
mine is scheduled for late 1988 at a rate of about 1,000 tons
or ore per day.  "At this rate, the Greens Creek mine will be
the largest domestic silver mine and is expected to be one of
the lowest cost producers."
    The company said it estimates its total investment in the
project, including its share of preproduction costs, at about
45 mln dlrs, to be funded through internally generated cash and
existing lines of credit.  It said Amselco will retain a
majority interest in the project.  Other interest holders are
CSX Corp &lt;CSX> and &lt;Exaias Resources Corp>.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8877>
Hecla Minging Co said it
has agreed to purchase a 28 pct interest in the Greens Creek
Joint Venture from British Petroleum Co PLC's &lt;BP> Amselco
Minerals Inc unit.
    The venture expects to bring into production a
gold-silver-lead-zinc ore body on Admiralty Island, Alaska,
containing about 3,500,000 short tons of ore assaying about
0.18 ounce of gold, 24.0 ounces of silver, 9.7 pct zinc and 3.9
pct lead per short ton, Hecla said.  It said there is
significant potential for the discovery of additional ore.
    Corrects last assay result to lead from zinc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
