<BODY DOCID=69>
Reporting members of the National
Soybean Processors Association (NSPA) crushed 21,782,929
bushels of soybeans in the week ended Feb 25 compared with
22,345,718 bushels in the previous week and 16,568,000 in the
year-ago week, the association said.
    It said total crushing capacity for members was 25,873,904
bushels vs 25,873,904 last week and 25,459,238 bushels last
year.
    NSPA also said U.S. soybean meal exports in the week were
117,866 tonnes vs 121,168 tonnes a week ago and compared with
84,250 tonnes in the year-ago week.
    NSPA said the figures include only NSPA member firms.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=200>
The sharp decline in soybean crush ratios
seen in the last few weeks, accelerating in recent days, has
pushed margins below the cost of production at most soybean
processing plants and prompted many to cut output of soybean
meal and oil.
    The weekly U.S. soybean crush rate was reported by the
National Soybean Processors Association this afternoon at 21.78
mln bushels, down from the 22 mln bushel plus rate seen over
the past two months when crush margins surged to the best
levels seen in over a year.
    Active soymeal export loadings at the Gulf had pushed
soybean futures and premiums higher, prompting a pick-up in the
weekly crush number.
    However, much of that export demand seems to have been met,
with most foreign meal users now waiting for the expected surge
in shipments of new crop South American soymeal over the next
few months.
    U.S. processors are now finding domestic livestock feed
demand is very light for this time of year due to the milder
than normal winter, so they steadily dropped offering prices in
an attempt to find buying interest, soyproduct dealers said.
    Soybean meal futures have also steadily declined in recent
weeks, setting a new contract low of 139.70 dlrs per ton in the
nearby March contract today.
    "Many speculators down here bought March soymeal and sold
May, looking for no deliveries (on first notice day tomorrow,
which would cause March to gain on deferreds)," one CBT crush
trader said.
    "But they've been bailing out this week because the March
has been acting like there will be a lot delivered, if not
tomorrow, then later in the month," he added.
    As a result of the weakness in soymeal, the March crush
ratio (The value of soyproducts less the cost of the soybeans)
fell from the mid 30s earlier this month to 22.6 cents per
bushel today, dropping over five cents in just the last two
days.
    The May crush ended today just over 17 cents, so no
processors will want to lock in a ratio at that unprofitable
level, the trader said. Hopefully, they will now start to cut
back production to get supplies in line with demand, he added.
    With futures down, processors are finding they must bid
premiums for cash soybeans, further reducing crush margins.
    A central Illinois processor is only making about 30 cents
for every bushel of soybeans crushed at current prices, down
sharply from levels just seen just a few weeks ago and below
the average cost of production, cash dealers said.
    Most soybean processing plants are still in operation, with
little talk of taking temporary down-time, so far. But
processors will start halting production in the next few weeks
it they continue to face unprofitable margins, they added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=267>
Indonesia is unlikely to import copra
from the Philippines in 1987 after importing 30,000 tonnes in
1986, the U.S. Embassy's annual agriculture report said.
    The report said the 31 pct devaluation of the Indonesian
rupiah, an increase in import duties on copra and increases in
the price of Philippines copra have reduced the margin between
prices in the two countries.
    Indonesia's copra production is forecast at 1.32 mln tonnes
in calendar 1987, up from 1.30 mln tonnes in 1986.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=303>
Soybean imports are forecast to rise to
425,000 tonnes in 1987/88 (October/September) from an estimated
300,000 in 1986/87 and 375,000 in 1985/86, the U.S. Embassy
said in its annual report on Indonesia's agriculture.
    It said Indonesia did not achieve its goal of
self-sufficiency in soybean output in calendar 1986 because it
did not meet a planned increase in area planted and because
yields have remained below target.
    Soybean meal imports are forecast to fall to around 190,000
tonnes in 1987/88 from 270,000 tonnes in 1986/87 and 295,000
tonnes in 1985/86.
    Domestic soybean production is forecast to rise steadily to
1.08 mln tonnes in 1987/88 from 980,000 in the current year and
890,000 in 1985/86, the report said.
    Imports are forecast to fall in the current year but to
rise in 1987/88 because of a new soybean crushing plant due to
come on stream in early 1988.
    China is the main supplier with a 79 pct share, while the
U.S. Provides the rest, it said.
    "This pattern will likely continue during 1986/87 since
domestic soyfood processors prefer Chinese beans and are
willing to pay a premium for them," it said.
    Area planted is expected to increase by 10 pct in both
1986/87 and 1987/88.
    "Yield increases continue to be hampered by an insufficient
supply of quality seeds, along with pest and disease problems,"
the report said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=310>
Thailand's Commerce Ministry announced a
new tapioca export quota of 737,987 tonnes for the European
Community against 762,860 tonnes for the previous allocation.
    The ministry said the fresh allocation, for the February
27-July 7 shipment period, is the third under a maximum 5.5 mln
tonne overall quota that Thailand obtained from the EC for
calendar 1987.
    It said the quota allocation was based on a national
tapioca pellet stock of 4.34 mln tonnes surveyed last week, up
from 3.05 mln in mid-January.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=327>
Dutch animal feed usage in the first
half of the current season from July through December 1986 fell
7.6 pct to 6.5 mln tonnes from 7.1 mln in the same period of
1985, figures in the latest newsletter from the co-operative
Cebeco-Handelsraad show.
    Tapioca usage fell 9.1 pct to 1.4 mln tonnes from 1.6 mln
in the first half of the 1985/86 season.
    Grain usage fell 6.1 pct to 1.1 mln tonnes from 1.2 mln,
while soymeal usage fell 10 pct to 967,000 tonnes from 1.1 mln.
    Cornglutenfeed usage fell 17.8 pct to 729,000 tonnes from
887,000, but cornfeedmeal usage nearly doubled to 399,000
tonnes from 201,000.
    Citruspulp usage dropped 62.8 pct to 149,000 tonnes from
400,000 tonnes, while rapeseed and meal usage rose 9.6 pct to
217,000 tonnes from 198,000 and sunmeal rose 25.6 pct to
216,000 tonnes from 172,000 tonnes.
    During the whole of the season from July 1985 to June 1986,
Dutch soymeal usage fell 12 pct to 1.9 mln tonnes from 2.1 mln
the previous season, while sunmeal usage rose 25 pct to 408,000
tonnes from 325,000.
    Rapeseed and meal usage during the season also rose 14 pct
to 409,000 tonnes from 360,000, but citruspulp fell 37 pct to
516,000 tonnes from 826,000.
    Meanwhile, the value of exports of agricultural products
from the Netherlands in calendar 1986 fell 5.4 pct to 48.7
billion guilders from 51.5 billion in calendar 1985, figures
from the Ministry of Agriculture show.
    During the same period imports of agricultural products
dropped 13.1 pct to 31.2 billion guilders from 35.8 billion.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1215>
Soviet imports of soymeal may reach or
exceed one mln tonnes between January and September this year,
the Oil World newsletter said.
    Oil World said it was likely the Soviet Union would reduce
soybean imports and step up significantly its imports of meal.
    At least 500,000 tonnes of soymeal may be shipped from the
European Community and South America in the January/March
quarter, with additional large quantities likely to be imported
in the April and July quarters from Argentina and Brazil, it
said. No figures were given for imports in the corresponding
periods of 1986.
    The change made sense in view of the recent purchases of
probably 250,000 tonnes of West European and Polish rapeseed
and large scale butter imports that were expected from March
onward, it said.
    Oil World said substantial losses of Soviet winter grain
area due to recent severe frosts were probably behind the
recent pick-up in Soviet purchases of U.S. Corn.
    It noted that an additional one mln tonnes of U.S. Corn had
been bought recently by the Soviet Union.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1970>
Traded volumes for U.K. Grain and potato
futures in February were down on the previous month while
pigmeat and pig cash settlement futures were higher, official
figures show.
    Combined wheat and barley futures trade declined to 892,700
tonnes from 1.19 mln in January, and the value fell to 97 mln
stg from 129 mln, Grain and Feed Trade Association (GAFTA)
figures show.
    A total of 984,960 tonnes were registered for main crop
potato futures in February valued at 157 mln stg, versus
992,760 and 164 mln stg in January.
    Soymeal futures trade totalled 76,340 tonnes against 90,680
in January, and value declined to nine mln stg from 10 mln.
    Nine pigmeat contracts were traded in February, six more
than in the previous month, representing 450 carcases against
150, valued at 29,347 stg against 9,847 stg.
    Pig cash settlement futures saw 201 contracts traded,
against 19 in January, and the value rose to 659,864 stg from
119,610 stg.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10175>
Corn sales of 2,806,300 tonnes in
the week ended March 19 were the highest level since
mid-November, 1979, the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    The department said the USSR dominated the week's activity
with purchases of 1.4 mln tonnes (which were earlier reported
under the daily reporting system). Other large increaes were
posted for Japan and unknown destinations, it said.
    Taiwan purchased 296,300 tonnes for the 1986/87 season and
170,000 tonnes for the 1987/88 season, it said.
    Wheat sales of 317,200 tonnes for the current season and
125,000 tonnes for the 1987/88 season were down about one-third
from the preceding week and the four-week average.
    Wheat sales to China of 60,000 tonnes were switched from
1986/87 to the 1987/88 season, it noted.
    Soybean sales of 483,100 tonnes were 11 pct above the prior
week and two-thirds above the four-week average.
    Japan, the Netherlands, Mexico and Portugal were the main
buyers, the department said.
    Soybean cake and meal sales of 289,400 tonnes were
two-thirds above the previous week and the largest of the
marketing year, with Venezuela the dominant purchaser.
    Sales activity in soybean oil resulted in decreases of
4,400 tonnes, as reductions for unknown destinations more than
offset increases for Canada, the Dominican Republic and Panama,
the department said.
    Cotton sales of 57,900 running bales -- 43,800 bales for
the current year and 14,200 bales for the 1987/88 season --
were off 25 pct from the previous week and 50 pct from the
four-week average.
    Turkey, Thailand, South Korea and Canada were the major
buyers for the current season, while Thailand, Britain and
Japan were the major purchasers from the upcoming season, the
department said.
     Sorghum sales of 178,800 tonnes were two-thirds above the
prior week and 75 pct over the four-week average.
    Venezuela was the leading buyer it said.
    Sales of 41,800 tonnes of barley were 10 times the previous
week and 10 pct greater than  the four-week average. Israel,
Cyprus and Saudi Arabia were the main buyers, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11840>
Lightning strikes hit the grain sector
of the port of Rotterdam today after employers turned down
union demands for shorter working hours in a new labour
agreement, transport union FNV spokesman Bert Duim said.
    Around 140 grain handlers stopped work, 125 of them at the
two Europoort locations of Graan Elevator Mij (GEM), which
handles about 95 pct of grain, oilseeds and derivatives passing
through Rotterdam.
    GEM managing director Pieter van der Vorm said the
facilities were 40 pct operational.
    The employers had invited the unions for talks later today,
but details of the labour agreement would not be on the agenda,
Van der Vorm said.
    It is barely one month since the end of an eight-week
campaign of lightning strikes against redundancies in
Rotterdam's general cargo sector, which stevedoring companies
said cost them millions of guilders.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12361>
The Argentine grain board adjusted
minimum export prices of grain and oilseed products in dlrs per
tonne FOB, previous in brackets, as follows:
    Sunflowerseed cake and expellers 99 (97), pellets 97 (95)
and meal 95 (93).                               
    Sunflowerseed oil for shipments through May 308 (300) and
June onwards 314 (307).                         
    Linseed cake and expellers 137 (136), pellets 115 (114) and
meal 105 (104), all for shipments through June. 
    Linseed cake and expellers 146 (145), pellets 124 (123) and
meal 114 (113), all for shipments July onwards.
    Soybean cake and expellers 169 (167), pellets 162 (160) and
meal 152 (150), all for shipments through May.  
    Soybean cake and expellers 166 (164), pellets 159 (157) and
meal 149 (147), all for shipments June onwards.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12375>
The U.S. Agriculture Department said
its summary report on the Feed Situation and Outlook, scheduled
for release April 24, has been delayed until May 15.
    The department said the delay will enable analysts to
incorporate into the report USDA's first supply and demand
estimates for the 1987/88 marketing year and data on farm
program participation.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12753>
Meals and feed on a cif Rotterdam
basis opened quietly this morning with mixed to slighlty firmer
seller indications compared with yesterday's midday levels,
market sources said.
    Early buying interest was low despite a weaker dollar
against European currencies, they added. No trades were
reported so far.
    US soymeal indicated between unchanged and one dlr a tonne
lower compared with yesterday. Brazilian soymeal pellets were
offered between one dlr lower and one higher, while Argentines
indicated up to two dlrs a tonne higher than yesterday.
    Cornglutenfeed pellets were indicated between unchanged and
one dlr lower, while citruspulp pellets were offered at
slightly firmer levels compared with yesterday midday.
    Seller indications for sunmeal pellets were between one dlr
higher and 0.50 dlrs lower than yesterday, while linseed
expellers were up to two dlrs above yesterday's midday levels.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12787>
Dutch soymeal imports fell
to 75,500 tonnes in January from 97,070 in December and 120,228
in January 1986, Central Bureau of Statistics figures show.
    The U.S. Was the largest supplier in January with 38,760
tonnes, down from 46,899 in December and 63,111 in January
1986.
    Brazil supplied 1,263 tonnes in January, down from 7,411 in
December and 27,088 in January 1986.
    Dutch imports of Argentine soymeal in January were 34,663
tonnes, down from 41,365 tonnes in December but above the
13,375 tonnes in the year ago month.
    Total Dutch exports of soymeal in January were 128,015
tonnes, down from 133,559 tonnes in December and 155,050
exported in January 1986.
    European Community countries were the main destinations for
Dutch soymeal exports with 102,355 tonnes compared with 124,026
in December and 116,080 in January 1986.
    Among third country destinations, the Soviet Union was the
largest costumer in January, taking 11,985 tonnes compared with
nil in December and 26,074 tonnes in January 1986.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13539>
West German consumption of oilmeals and
oil cakes last year rose by 2.4 pct to 6.3 mln tonnes, the
agriculture ministry said.
    It said in a statement the increase was exclusively due to
sharply higher use of rape products, which went up by 8.9 pct
to 1.08 mln tonnes.
    Use of soy products dropped 7.2 pct to 2.89 mln tonnes, it
added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2456>
Corn sales gained 2,494,900 tonnes in
the week ended February 26, the highest weekly total since
August 1984 and two and three-quarter times the prior week's
level, the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    In comments on its Export Sales Report, the department said
sales of 1.0 mln tonnes to the USSR -- previously reported
under the daily reporting system -- were the first sales for
delivery to the USSR under the fourth year of the U.S.-USSR
Grains Supply Agreement, which began October 1.
    Japan added 689,700 tonnes to previous purchases and sales
to unknown destinations rose by 429,800 tonnes.
    Wheat sales of 362,400 tonnes for the current season and
151,000 for the 1987/88 season were down by more than half from
the previous week's combined sales, it said.
    Egypt, Japan and Iraq were the major wheat buyers for
delivery in the current year, while sales to China decreased by
30,000 tonnes for the current season, but increased by 90,000
tonnes for the 1987/88 season, which begins June 1.
    Net sales of soybeans totalling 274,200 tonnes equaled the
preceding week, but were nearly a third below the four week
average. Major increases were for Belgium, South Korea, Mexico
and Italy, it said.
    Soybean cake and meal sales of 103,700 tonnes were 2-3/4
times the previous week's marketing year low, but six pct less
than the four week average.
    Major increases for West Germany, Belgium, Spain, Italy and
Australia were partially offset by declines to unknown
destinations.
    Soybean oil sales of 5,400 tonnes were the result of
increases for Venezuela and reductions of 500 tonnes for
unknown destinations.
    Combined sales activity in cotton of 75,200 running bales
-- 44,700 bales for the current year and 30,500 bales for the
1987/88  bales -- were 56 pct below the prior week's good
showing, the department said.
    Major purchasers for the current season were South Korea,
Japan, Taiwan and Thailand, while South Korea and Indonesia
were the major buyers for the 1987/88 season, which begins
August 1.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2557>
West German gross fishmeal imports rose
60,260 tonnes, or 14.6 pct, last year to 471,891 tonnes, the
highest level since 1972, trade sources said.
    Re-exports fell by 6.6 pct, resulting in a surge in net
imports from 175,901 to 251,708 tonnes, an increase of 43 pct.
    Total West German consumption was estimated at around a
high 287,000 tonnes, largely reflecting attractive prices. The
sources, however, could not give comparative figures for 1985.
    South American producer countries supplied 97 pct of West
German requirements, with Chile shipping 229,176 tonnes (1985 -
182,959) and Peru 210,513 (147,014) tonnes.
    The two South American countries' share of the West German
market rose to 93.2 pct from 80.2 pct because imports from
Ecuador fell to 21,110 tonnes in 1986 from 51,722 in 1985.
    West Germany imported 56,823 tonnes of fishmeal in
December, up from 46,236 tonnes in the same 1985 month, with
re-exports at 22,262 tonnes after 25,062 a year earlier.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2913>
Canada's ruling in favor of a duty on
U.S. corn was a keen disappointment to the National Corn
Growers Association and has set a dangerous precedent for other
nations to follow, said Mike Hall, lobbyist for the
association.
    "The French corn growers will clearly charge ahead now and
just change corn to corn gluten feed" in their complaint, Hall
told Reuters.
    A Canadian government agency ruled today that U.S. farm
policies are causing injury to Canadian corn farrmers and
supported an earlier imposed countervailing duty of about 85
cts per bushel.
    "This was cleary a political decision," Hall said. "The
amount of corn we export to Canada is insignificant."
    The unexpected ruling appeared to be based on the agrument
that Canada bases its corn prices on U.S. futures prices and
that American farm policy has driven down these prices, thus
causing lower prices to Canadian farmers and larger government
payments through its farm stabilization program, Hall said.
    Hall said this is a new definition for injury, but that
other nations might also now apply this same argument to attack
U.S. farm programs.
    The French corn growers could now charge that U.S. farm
programs create an unfair subsidy for corn gluten feed, Hall
said. The French have long wanted to control the imports of
U.S. corn gluten feed into the community, saying that the
imported feed was unfairly displacing European grain.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2974>
Any European Community decision to
liberalise farm trade policy would hurt Thailand's tapioca
industry, said Ammar Siamwalla, an agro-economist at the
Thailand Development Research Institute (TDRI).
    He told a weekend trade seminar here that any EC move to
cut tariff protection for EC grains would make many crops more
competitive than tapioca in the European market.
    The EC is the largest buyer of Thai tapioca, absorbing more
than two thirds of the 5.8 mln tonnes of pellets exported by
Thailand last year. Thailand has an EC quota of an average 5.25
mln tonnes a year until 1990.
    Ammar said Thailand had benefited from an EC tariff
loophole that subjects Thai tapioca to a preferential six pct
import duty.
    Ammar, head of the agricultural research group of the TDRI,
suggested tapioca farmers diversify to other crops.
    He said: "If cereal prices in Europe fall so that they are
close to world prices, the tapioca market there will disappear
completely."
    He said the issue may put Thailand in a dilemma because it
had recently joined other major commodity producers in calling
on the EC to cut its farm product export subsidies.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3036>
The Commodity Credit Corporation,
CCC, has authorized an additional 8.0 mln dlrs in credit
guarantees for sales of vegetable protein meals to Hungary for
fiscal year 1987, the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    The additional guarantees increase the vegetable protein
meal credit line to 16.0 mln dlrs and increases the cumulative
fiscal year 1987 program for agricultural products to 23.0 mln
dlrs from 15.0 mln, it said.
    The department also announced an extension of the export
period from September 30, 1987, to December 31 for sales of
vegetable protein meals.
    To be eligible for the credit guarantees all sales must be
registered before export but not later than September 30.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3084>
Three London markets which trade potato,
soymeal and meat futures said they will merge to form a new
Agricultural Futures Exchange.
    Legal advisers have been instructed to implement the
amalgamation of the London Potato Futures Association, LPFA,
the London Meat Futures Exchange, LMFE, and the Grain and Feed
Trade Association's, GAFTA, Soya Bean Meal Futures Association,
SOMFA. No timetable was given.
    Members of the three exchanges have been consulted,
Agricultural Futures Exchange secretary Bill Englebright told
Reuters, and no objections have been raised to the merger.
    Three markets are involved at present but the new exchange
could ultimately combine five markets.
    Discussions are taking place with the Baltic International
Freight Futures Exchange, BIFFEX, and the GAFTA London Grain
Futures Market is considering the possibility of joining the
other markets, market officials said.
    The BIFFEX board is expected to reach a decision on the
merger at its meeting at the end of this month, after members
are consulted at a meeting on March 16.
    The grain futures market also intends to consult its
members soon, GAFTA director general James Mackie said.
    The aim of the amalgamation is to limit regulatory and
administrative costs and achieve the recognition required under
the 1986 Financial Services Act. This legislation requires a
futures market to become a Recognised Investment Exchange, RIE,
for trading to continue.
    Representatives of all the futures markets on the Baltic
Exchange have been discussing the possibility of a single RIE
structure since the beginning of the year.
    The new exchange now planned will apply to the Securities
and Investments Board for recognition as an RIE "at the
appropriate time," the Agricultural Futures Exchange said.
    "This commitment by the markets will enable progress to be
made to develop a stronger and more effective exchange to the
benefit of all those involved in the industry," the chairman of
the formation committee, Pat Elmer, said.
    The merged markets will remain at the Baltic Exchange.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3135>
The Hamburg fishmeal market saw little
movement in the past week with demand slack as in other protein
feed sectors, trade sources said.
    Prices edged up on firmer origin offering levels and the
stronger dollar. Sellers quoted 64 pct fishmeal at between 640
and 650 marks per tonne free on truck for spot and between 630
and 640 marks for April/Dec.
    International demand was also slow but some inquiries from
Far Eastern buyers were noted in South American producer
countries, the sources said.
    Chile is said to have good catches in northern and southern
fishing grounds, with offers unchanged at 330 dlrs per tonne c
and f North German ports.
    Peru's catches differ regionally and stocks are low.
Sellers quoted a nominal offering level of 320 dlrs per tonne c
and f north German ports. Ecuador was not in the market and
catches are said to be poor.
    Denmark has seasonally low catches, with 72 pct meal
offered at 315 crowns per 100 kilos cif North European ports
for April/Oct deliveries. Iceland has good catches and sellers
quoted a price of 5.45 dlrs per percentage point protein cif
North European ports. Norway was not in the market.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5635>
The Commodity Credit Corporation
(CCC) has approved an additional 84.0 mln dlrs in credit
guarantees for sales of U.S. agricultural products to Algeria
for fiscal year 1987 under the Export Credit Guarantee Program
(GSM-102), the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    The department said the additional guarantees provide up to
31.0 mln dlrs in coverage for sales of protein meals, 9.0 mln
dlrs for tallow, and 44.0 mln dlrs for vegetable oils.
    The latest guarantees increase the cumulative fiscal 1987
program for sales of U.S. agricultural products to Algeria to
464.0 mln dlrs from 380.0, it said.
    To be eligible for the credit guarantees, all sales must be
registered with the CCC by September 30, and shipments
completed by December 31, 1987, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5887>
Production of fish meal by the three
South American producers -- Chile, Peru and Equador -- last
year reached 2.5 mln tonnes, equalling the record output of
1970, the International Association of Fish Meal Manufacturers
(IAFMM) said.
    However, IAFMM said in a statement that it expected Chilean
and Peruvian fish meal production in the first quarter of 1987
to be much lower than the 651,000 tonnes produced in the last
quarter of 1986, due to a ban on sardine fishing in Chile for
the month of February and to adverse fishing conditions in Peru
in the same month.
    The statement added that, due to technical market promotion
and energetic sales by Chile and Peru, the stock position at
the end of the year remained reasonable.
    Fish meal production outside South America decreased
slightly, falling from 114,400 to 111,100 tonnes.
    The IAFMM said fish meal consumption in 1986 rose in West
Germany, Scandinavian countries, Eastern Europe and the Far
East, but fell in the U.S. And remained static in the U.K.
    It added that fish meal consumption had suffered from
competition with feed grade tallow in the U.S. And with skimmed
milk powder in the U.K.
    IAFMM figures for fish oil production in the main producing
nations, in thousands of tonnes, were -
                    Oct/Dec            Jan/Dec
                 1986    1985       1986     1985
 CHILE             22       8        109       76
 PERU              56      28        238      104
 NORWAY            14      14         97      130
 ICELAND           44      52        102      118
 DENMARK           20      18         88       77
 U.S.              10       8        152      129
 JAPAN             67      91        213      249
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6623>
The Commodity Credit Corporation
(CCC) accepted a bid for an export bonus to cover the sale of
7,000 tonnes of mixed poultry feed to North Yemen, the U.S.
Agriculture Department said.
    The department said the feed is for delivery during April.
    As announced earlier the bonus was 90.00 dlrs per tonne,
made to The Pillsbury Company and will be paid in the form of
commodities from CCC stocks.
     An additional 143,000 tonnes of mixed poultry feed are
still available to North Yemen under the Export Enhancement
Program announced April 14, 1986, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7565>
Rain and floods in India last year
damaged about 69,000 tonnes of grain intended for human
consumption during storage and transportation, food and civil
supplies minister H. K. L. Bhagat told Parliament.
    He did not give comparative figures and said the
government-owned Food Corporation of India (FCI) had not yet
decided whether these grains could be used as cattle feed.
    Bhagat said the FCI had a total of 16.43 mln tonnes of food
grains in its warehouses at the end of 1986. It had asked state
governments to build more warehouses to avoid damage to grains.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7951>
The Commodity Credit Corporation,
CCC, has reallocated 15.0 mln dlrs in credit guarantees to
Turkey previously earmarked for sales of U.S. oilseeds to
provide coverage for sales of U.S. protein meals in fiscal year
1987, the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    The department said the action reduces the guarantee line
authorized for sales of oilseeds to 5.0 mln dlrs from 20.0 mln
dlrs and creates the new line for protein meals.
    All sales under the credit lines must be registered and
exports completed by September 30, 1987, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8140>
Japanese compound feed output fell to
2.06 mln tonnes in January from 2.57 mln in December, against
2.04 mln a year earlier, Agriculture Ministry statistics show.
    January sales totalled 2.07 mln tonnes against 2.59 mln in
December and 2.04 mln a year earlier, while end-month stocks
were 233,003 tonnes against 230,764 and 241,567.
    Base mixes for the January compound feed output included
corn, sorghum and soybean meal.
    Corn use totalled 993,156 tonnes, against 1.20 mln in
December and 896,718 a year earlier, and its compounding ratio
was 48.1 pct against 46.6 pct and 43.1 pct.
    Sorghum use totalled 339,013 tonnes in January against
459,067 in December and 412,743 a year earlier, and its
compounding ratio was 16.4 pct against 17.8 pct and 19.8 pct,
the ministry's figures shows.
    Soybean meal use amounted to 202,546 tonnes against 253,498
and 213,287 and its compounding ratio was 9.8 pct against 9.8
pct and 10.2 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9201>
Feed compounds, balancers and
concentrates produced in Britain in the five weeks ended
January 31 totalled 973,400 tonnes, against 966,200 tonnes
produced in the same 1986 period, Ministry of Agriculture
figures show.
    However, cattle/calf feed output, the largest single
component, was 7.2 pct down at 435,900 tonnes against 469,900
tonnes. Pig feed was 170,800 tonnes versus 171,600, and poultry
feed 287,600 compared with 256,600. Other smaller components
included in the total all showed increases.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9756>
The U.K. Produced 820,400 tonnes of
oilcake and meal and 431,000 tonnes of crude vegetable oil in
calendar 1986, Ministry of Agriculture figures show.
    They compare with 785,800 tonnes of oilcake and meal and
407,400 tonnes of crude vegetable oil produced in 1985.
    Total oilseeds crushed rose to 1.27 mln tonnes from 1.21
mln in 1985.
 REUTER
</BODY>
