<BODY DOCID=58>
Assets of money market mutual funds
increased 720.4 mln dlrs in the week ended yesterday to 236.90
billion dlrs, the Investment Company Institute said.
    Assets of 91 institutional funds rose 356 mln dlrs to 66.19
billion dlrs, 198 general purpose funds rose 212.5 mln dlrs to
62.94 billion dlrs and 92 broker-dealer funds rose 151.9 mln
dlrs to 107.77 billion dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=80>
Commercial and industrial loans on the
books of the 10 major New York banks, excluding acceptances,
fell 195 mln dlrs to 65.06 billion in the week ended February
18, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York said.
    Including acceptances, loans declined 114 mln dlrs to 65.89
billion.
    Commercial paper outstanding nationally dropped 375 mln
dlrs to 336.63 billion.
    National business loan data are scheduled to be released on
Friday.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=81>
The eight major New York City banks had
64 mln dlrs in average borrowings from the Federal Reserve in
the week to Wednesday February 25, a Fed spokesman said.
    The week marked the second half of the two-week bank
statement period that ended on Wednesday. The banks had no
borrowings in the prior week.
    Commenting on the latest week, a Fed spokesman said that
all of the borrowing occurred yesterday and was done by fewer
than half of the banks.
    National data on discount window borrowings are due to be
released at 1630 EST (2130 GMT).

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=100>
New Zealand's trading bank seasonally
adjusted deposit growth rose 2.6 pct in January compared with a
rise of 9.4 pct in December, the Reserve Bank said.
    Year-on-year total deposits rose 30.6 pct compared with a
26.3 pct increase in the December year and 34.5 pct rise a year
ago period, it said in its weekly statistical release.
    Total deposits rose to 17.18 billion N.Z. Dlrs in January
compared with 16.74 billion in December and 13.16 billion in
January 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=109>
U.S. bank discount window borrowings
less extended credits averaged 310 mln dlrs in the week to
Wednesday February 25, the Federal Reserve said.
    The Fed said that overall borrowings in the week fell 131
mln dlrs to 614 mln dlrs, with extended credits up 10 mln dlrs
at 304 mln dlrs. The week was the second half of a two-week
statement period. Net borrowings in the prior week averaged 451
mln dlrs.
    Commenting on the two-week statement period ended February
25, the Fed said that banks had average net free reserves of
644 mln dlrs a day, down from 1.34 billion two weeks earlier.
    A Federal Reserve spokesman told a press briefing that
there were no large single day net misses in the Fed's reserve
projections in the week to Wednesday.
    He said that natural float had been "acting a bit
strangely" for this time of year, noting that there had been
poor weather during the latest week.
    The spokesman said that natural float ranged from under 500
mln dlrs on Friday, for which he could give no reason, to
nearly one billion dlrs on both Thursday and Wednesday.
    The Fed spokeman could give no reason for Thursday's high
float, but he said that about 750 mln dlrs of Wednesday's
float figure was due to holdover and transportation float at
two widely separated Fed districts.
    For the week as a whole, he said that float related as of
adjustments were "small," adding that they fell to a negative
750 mln dlrs on Tuesday due to a number of corrections for
unrelated cash letter errors in six districts around the
country.
    The spokesman said that on both Tuesday and Wednesday, two
different clearing banks had system problems and the securities
and Federal funds wires had to be held open until about 2000 or
2100 EST on both days.
    However, he said that both problems were cleared up during
both afternoons and there was no evidence of any reserve
impact.
    During the week ended Wednesday, 45 pct of net discount
window borrowings were made by the smallest banks, with 30 pct
by the 14 large money center banks and 25 pct by large regional
institutions.
    On Wednesday, 55 pct of the borrowing was accounted for by
the money center banks, with 30 pct by the large regionals and
15 pct by the smallest banks.
    The Fed spokesman said the banking system had excess
reserves on Thursday, Monday and Tuesday and a deficit on
Friday and Wedndsday. That produced a small daily average
deficit for the week as a whole.
    For the two-week period, he said there were relatively high
excess reserves on a daily avearge, almost all of which were at
the smallest banks.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=111>
U.S. M-1 money supply rose 2.1 billion
dlrs to a seasonally adjusted 736.7 billion dlrs in the
February 16 week, the Federal Reserve said.
    The previous week's M-1 level was revised to 734.6 billion
dlrs from 734.2 billion dlrs, while the four-week moving
average of M-1 rose to 735.0 billion dlrs from 733.5 billion.
    Economists polled by Reuters said that M-1 should be
anywhere from down four billion dlrs to up 2.3 billion dlrs.
The average forecast called for a 300 mln dlr M-1 rise.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=198>
New Zealand's broadly defined,
seasonally adjusted M-3 money supply grew an estimated 3.6 pct
in December after rising a revised 2.4 pct in November and 4.04
pct in December last year, the Reserve Bank said in a
statement.
    It said unadjusted M-3 increased to an estimated 30.07
billion N.Z. Dlrs from a revised 28.30 billion in November and
25.53 billion in December 1985.
    Year-on-year M-3 rose 17.77 pct from a revised 15.34 pct in
November and 20.50 pct in December 1985.
    Narrowly defined year-on-year M-1 growth was 15.89 pct
against a revised 27.52 pct in November and 12.3 pct a year
earlier.
    M-1 grew to an estimated 5.03 billion dlrs against a
revised 4.77 billion in November and 4.34 billion in December
1985.
    Year-on-year private sector credit grew 30.68 pct in
December against a revised 22.30 pct in November and 23.2 pct
in December 1985. Private sector credit grew to 22.24 billion
dlrs from a revised 20.92 billion in November and 17.01 billion
in December 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=203>
Latest Federal Reserve data suggest that
the central bank voted to maintain the existing degree of
pressure on banking reserves at its regular policy-making
meeting two weeks ago, money market economists said.
    "The numbers were a little disappointing, but I think we
can take Mr Volcker at his word when he said that nothing had
changed," said Bob Bannon of Security Pacific National Bank.
    Fed Chairman Paul Volcker told a Congressional committee
last Thursday that the Fed's policy "has been unchanged up to
today."
    Although Volcker's statement last Thursday allayed most
fears that the Fed had marginally tightened its grip on
reserves to help an ailing dollar, many economists still wanted
confirmation of a steady policy in today's data, which covered
the two-week bank statement period ended yesterday.
    This need for additional reassurance was made all the more
acute by the Fed's decision yesterday to drain reserves from
the banking system by arranging overnight matched sale-purchase
agreements for the first time since April of last year,
economists added.
    Today's data showed that the draining action was for a
fairly large 3.9 billion dlrs, economists said.
    "The one thing that caught my eye were the relatively
sizeable matched sales on Wednesday," said Dana Johnson of
First National Bank of Chicago. "But there was a clearly
justified need for them. There was nothing ominous."
    "The Fed couldn't have waited until the start of the new
statement period today. If it had, it would have missed its
(reserve) projections," added Security Pacific's Bannon.
    A Fed spokesman told reporters that there were no large
single-day net miss in reserve projections in the latest week.
    Economists similarly shrugged off slightly higher-than-
expected adjusted bank borrowings from the Fed's discount
window, which averaged 310 mln dlrs a day in the latest week,
compared with many economists' forecasts of about 200 mln.
    For the two-week bank statement period as a whole, the
daily borrowing average more than doubled to 381 mln dlrs from
160 in the prior period.
    "There were wire problems at two large banks on Tuesday and
Wednesday, so I am not too bothered about the borrowings," said
Scott Winningham of J.S. Winningham and Co. The Wednesday
average rose to 946 mln dlrs from 148 mln a week earlier.
    Lending further support to the stable policy view was a
relatively steady federal funds rate of about six pct in the
latest week and persistently high levels of excess reserves in
the banking system, economists said.
    "For the time being, the Fed is following a neutral path,
with fed funds at about six to 6-1/8 pct," said Darwin Beck of
First Boston Corp. "I expect it to continue in that vein."
    "Excess reserves fell but they are still over a billion
dlrs," added First Chicago's Johnson. Banks' excess reserves
averaged 1.03 billion dlrs a day in the latest statement
period, down from 1.50 billion in the previous one.
    After the Fed declined to assign a 1987 target growth range
to the wayward M-1 money supply measure last week, little
attention was paid to a steeper-than-anticipated 2.1 billion
dlr jump in the week ended February 16.
    Looking ahead, economists said the Fed will have to tread a
fine line between the dollar's progress in the international
currency markets and the development of the domestic economy.
    "The market has perhaps exaggerated the dollar's effect on
Fed policy," said First Chicago's Johnson. "Of course, it will
take the dollar into account in future policy decisions but if
the economy is weak, it won't pull back from easing."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=220>
Monetary and credit growth rates in
New Zealand are not expected to continue at current levels
following the Reserve Bank's move to tighten liquidity late
last year, Reserve Bank Governor Spencer Russell said.
    The monetary and credit growth figures for the December
quarter were probably artifically inflated by unusually high
growth in inter-institutional lending activity on the short
term money market, Russell said in a statement.
    The bank moved to tighten liquidity when the initial signs
of the recent expansion became apparent in September and
October last year, Russell said.
    Broadly defined M-3 figures released today showed growth of
17.8 pct in the year ended December compared with 13.1 pct in
the year ended September.
    Annual growth of private sector credit in calendar 1986 was
30.7 pct compared with 16.5 pct in the September year.
    "Available evidence suggests that corporate customers,
including non-bank financial institutions, have been exploiting
differences between interest rates on overdrafts with trading
banks and rates in the call market," Russell said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=330>
The Bank of England said the broad
measure of U.K. Money supply, Sterling M3, rose a seasonally
adjusted 1.1 pct in January after a 0.2 pct rise in December.
    The unadjusted year-on-year rise was 17.6 pct after 18.1
pct in the year to December.
    The narrow measure of money supply, M0, fell by a
seasonally adjusted 0.6 pct in January, and rose by a
non-adjusted 4.1 pct year-on-year, the Bank said.
    The figures confirm provisional data issued by the Bank two
weks ago.
    In December, M0 grew by a seasonally adjusted 1.4 pct and
by a non-seasonally adjusted 5.2 pct year-on-year.
    The Bank said sterling bank lending grew by a
non-seasonally adjusted 1.75 billion stg in January. This also
confirmed provisional figures issued in February.
    The measure of private sector liquidity, PSL2, fell 0.2 pct
in January, but after seasonal adjustment rose 0.6 pct, the
Bank said.
    The Bank said the public sector contribution to the growth
in Sterling M3 was contractionary by about 2.3 billion stg.
    Within this, the Public Sector Borrowing Requirement (PSBR)
showed a repayment of 3.7 billion stg, while the non-bank
private sector's holdings of government debt fell by about 1.1
billion stg.
    There was a fall of 290 mln stg in notes and coin in
January, a fall of 1.5 billion stg in non-interest bearing
sight deposits, and a rise of 1.6 billion stg in interest
bearing sight deposits, the Bank said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=839>
Australia's broad money supply rose 10.3
pct in the year ended January, up from a revised 9.6 pct in
December, the Reserve Bank said.
    This compares with the previous January's 13.9 pct.
    In January broad money growth slowed to 0.7 pct from
December's 1.5 pct and compared with nil growth in January
1986.
    Within the broad money total, non-bank financial
intermediaries rose by 0.2 pct from a revised decline of 0.2 
in December and a previous January's 0.8 pct increase.
    In the January year, NBFI's borrowings rose by 9.5 pct from
a revised 10.1 in December and compared with a previous
January's 12.8.
    At the end of January, broad money stood at 175,866 mln
dlrs dlrs from December's 174,668 mln dlrs and a January 1986
level of 159,453 mln.
    In the same period, borrowings from the private sector by
the NBFIs rose to 70,389 mln dlrs from December's 70,237 mln
and the previous January's 64,299 mln.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=940>
Hong Kong's broadly defined M3 money
supply rose 2.2 pct to 607.17 billion H.K. Dlrs in January,
after a 3.1 pct rise in December, for a year-on-year rise of
23.3 pct, the government said in a statement.
    Local currency M3 rose 3.6 pct to 280.36 billion dlrs from
December when it was up 3.4 pct from November, for a rise of
16.3 pct on the year.
    Total M2 rose 3.3 pct to 535.26 billion dlrs in January
from December when it rose 3.5 pct on the previous month. Local
M2 rose 4.7 pct to 249.03 billion dlrs in January from December
when it climbed 4.2 pct.
    Total M2 and local M2 rose 32.5 pct and 23.9 pct on the
year-ago month, respectively.
    Total M1 rose 12 pct to 62.84 billion dlrs in January after
a 5.0 pct rise the previous month. Local M1 rose 12.3 pct to
57.97 billion dlrs after a 6.2 pct rise. Total M1 and local M1
year-on-year growth was 32.5 and 32.6 pct, respectively.
    Total loans and advances rose 3.3 pct to 517.19 billion
dlrs from December when they rose 1.2 pct.
    Loans for financing Hong Kong's visible trade rose 3.4 pct
to 36.72 billion dlrs after a 1.8 pct rise in December.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1308>
Treasury balances at the Federal
Reserve rose on Feb 27 to 3.482 billion dlrs from 1.538 billion
dlrs the previous business day, the Treasury said in its latest
budget statement.
    Balances in tax and loan note accounts fell to 21.334
billion dlrs from 25.164 billion dlrs on the same respective
days.
    The Treasury's operating cash balance totaled 24.816
billion dlrs on Feb 27 compared with 26.702 billion dlrs on Feb
26.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1898>
The central bank has issued 7.08 billion
dlrs worth of certificates of deposit (CDs), bringing the value
of CD issues so far this year to 93.29 billion, a bank
spokesman told Reuters.
    The new CDs, with maturities of six months, one year and
two years, carry interest rates ranging from 3.9 to 5.15 pct.
    The issues are designed to help curb the growth of the M-1B
money supply which has expanded along with Taiwan's foreign
exchange reserves, the spokesman said. The reserves reached a
record high of more than 51 billion U.S. Dlrs Wednesday.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1912>
South Korea's M-2 money supply rose 0.39
pct to 33,992.0 billion won in February from 33,858.4 billion
in January, when it fell a revised 0.04 pct from December,
provisional Bank of Korea figures show.
    The February figure was up 18.89 pct from a year earlier.
    M-1 money supply rose 4.13 pct to 8,492.1 billion won in
February from January, when it fell 7.82 pct from December. The
February figure marked a year-on-year rise of 18.45 pct.
    The bank previously said M-2 fell 0.06 pct in January.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1933>
The Bank of Spain said it raised the
reserve requirement for banks and savings banks to 19 pct of
deposits from 18 pct to drain excess liquidity which threatened
money supply and inflation targets.
    In a statement issued late last night, the central bank
said the measure would take effect from March 13.
    "In recent weeks, there has been excess liquidity in the
Spanish economy which, if not controlled, would threaten the
monetary and inflation targets set by the government," the
statement said.
    Banking sources said the measure would drain about 200
billion pesetas from the system. The maximum reserve
requirement allowed by law is 20 pct.
    The move follows a half-point increase yesterday in the
Bank of Spain's key overnight call money rate, which now stands
at 13.5 pct. At today's auction, however, the bank left the
rate unchanged.
    Spain's principal measure of money supply, the broad-based
liquid assets in public hands (ALP), grew at annualised rate of
8.3 pct in January compared with 11.4 pct during the whole of
1986 and a target of eight pct for 1987.
    Banking sources said that although the January money supply
figures were good, compared with annualised rates of 13.9 pct
in December and 10.2 pct in January 1986, ALP growth appeared
to have accelerated in February, raising government concern.
    Regarding inflation, recent figures have suggested that
prices were under control.
    Secretary of State for Trade, Miguel Angel Fernandez
Ordonez, said this week that the annualised inflation rate for
February, not yet officially announced, fell to 5.5 pct from
six pct in January, compared with inflation of 8.3 pct during
1986 and a government target of five pct for this year.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10155>
Commercial and industrial loans on the
books of the 10 major New York banks, excluding acceptances,
fell 222 mln dlrs to 64.05 billion in the week ended March 18,
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York said.
    Including acceptances, loans fell 390 mln dlrs to 64.74
billion.
    Commercial paper outstanding nationally rose 35 mln dlrs to
339.04 billion.
    National business loan data are scheduled to be released on
Friday.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10183>
U.S. M-1 money supply rose 1.2 billion
dlrs to a seasonally adjusted 740.2 billion dlrs in the March
16 week, the Federal Reserve said.
    The previous week's M-1 level was revised to 739.0 billion
dlrs from 738.7 billion, while the four-week moving average of
M-1 rose to 739.1 billion dlrs from 738.3 billion.
    Economists polled by Reuters said that M-1 would rise
anywhere from 700 mln dlrs to three billion dlrs. The average
forecast called for a 1.8 billion dlr increase.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10246>
Federal Reserve data released today
indicate that there has been no policy change in recent weeks
and that none is likely at next week's Federal Open Market
Committee (FOMC) meeting, economists said.
    "The Fed continues to be accommodative in its provision of
reserves, indicating that there has been no policy shift since
the beginning of this year," said Harold Nathan, economist at
Wells Fargo Bank.
    "These numbers and other things suggest the FOMC will not
change policy," said Robert Brusca of Nikko Securities Co.
    "The Fed is sitting fairly pretty now. There's no real
reason for it to change policy," said Joseph Liro of S.G.
Warburg and Co Inc.
    Liro said the economy is showing moderate growth and does
not require immediate policy easing and the money aggregates
may well end March at the bottom of their target ranges.
    All of the economists agreed that the Fed's major concern
now is recent weakness in the dollar which early this week was
heavily supported by central banks. They said fear of hurting
the dollar will cause the Fed to be cautious in lowering
interest rates further.
    Numbers released by the Fed today were all in line with
expectations and similar to the data for most of this year.
    The Fed said that banks' net free reserves averaged 603 mln
dlrs in the two-week statement period that ended on Wednesday
versus 749 mln dlrs in the previous period.
    In the single week to Wednesday, banks' borrowings at the
discount window, less extended credits, averaged 302 mln dlrs
compared with 228 mln dlrs in the first week of the statement
period. Meanwhile the Federal funds rate average edged up to
6.14 pct from 6.08 pct.
    The Fed's failure to add reserves in the market on Tuesday
and Wednesday surprised some, but economists said the data
released today suggest it had no real need to add reserves.
    The Fed's absence may be explained by the lack of any
pressing need for it to supply reserves and by a desire to
boost borrowings in the second week of the statement period to
meet its borrowings target, said Liro of Warburg.
    Liro said the Fed probably is shooting for a two-week
borrowings average of 300-325 mln dlrs. The borrowings actually
averaged 265 mln dlrs in the latest statement period and that
was up from 191 mln dlrs in the prior period.
    Brusca of Nikko agreed that the Fed probably is aiming for
two-week average discount window borrowings of around 300 mln
dlrs. He said that would correspond to a Federal funds rate of
around 6.10 pct.
    It is nearly impossible for the Fed to hit any borrowings
target since the demand for excess reserves is erratic, said
Wells Fargo's Nathan. He said the Fed is focusing instead on
the funds rate and is trying to keep it roughly within a six to
6-1/4 pct band.
    Upward funds rate pressure and a big reserve-adding need
are anticipated for the statement period that began today.
 More
    Brusca believes the Fed will have to add 3.5 to four
billion dlrs a day in reserves in this statement period. Liro
puts the add need at around 3.9 billion dlrs.
    To partly address this requirement, many expect the Fed to
add permanent reserves with effect next Thursday by offering to
buy all maturities of Treasury bills on Wednesday. A similar
coupon "pass" may be required later.
    There will be a greater demand for funds in this statement
period because it includes the close of the quarter. Further
upward pressure on the Federal funds rate may come from window
dressing demand as the Japanese fiscal year ends on March 31.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10594>
Canadian narrowly defined money supply
M-1 fell 555 mln dlrs to 32.42 billion dlrs in week ended March
18, Bank of Canada said.
    M-1-A, which is M-1 plus daily interest chequable and
non-personal deposits, fell 559 mln dlrs to 74.86 billion dlrs
and M-2, which is M-1-A plus other notice and personal
fixed-term deposit fell 439 mln dlrs to 177.30 billion dlrs.
    M-3, which is non-personal fixed term deposits and foreign
currency deposits of residents booked at chartered banks in
Canada, fell 696 mln dlrs to 215.74 billion dlrs. MORE
 More
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10708>
Dutch seasonally adjusted M2 money
supply was hardly changed in December at 169.49 billion
guilders compared to 169.56 billion in November, Central Bank
data show.
    The figure was 2.6 pct higher than in December 1985.
    In November, M2 fell 1.9 pct from its level in October and
was 3.9 pct above its level a year before.
    Seasonally adjusted M1 money supply was also hardly changed
at 97.21 billion guilders in December, compared to 97.05
billion guilders in November. It was up 9.4 pct on its level a
year before.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10737>
The Bank of England said the broad
measure of U.K. Money supply, Sterling M3, rose a seasonally
adjusted 2.2 pct in February after a 1.1 pct rise in January.
    The unadjusted year on year rise was 18.9 pct after 17.6
pct in the year to January, the Bank said.
    The narrow measure of money supply, M0, fell by a
seasonally adjusted 0.8 pct in February, and rose by a
non-adjusted 4.1 pct year on year. In January, M0 fell by an
adjusted 0.6 pct, and rose by a non-adjusted 4.1 pct year on
year.
    The figures confirm provisional data issued by the Bank on
March 19.
    The Bank said sterling bank lending grew by a seasonally
adjusted 2.91 billion stg in February, after a 1.70 billion stg
adjusted rise in January.
    The measure of private sector liquidity, PSL2, rose an
unadjusted 0.9 pct in February, making a year-on-year
unadjusted 13.1 pct rise. Adjusted, PSL2 rose by 1.2 pct in
February, against a 0.6 pct rise in January, the Bank said.
    It said the public sector contribution to the growth in
Sterling M3 was contractionary by about 40 mln stg after a
contractionary contribution of 2.3 billion stg in January.
    Within this, the Public Sector Borrowing Requirement showed
a repayment of 380 mln stg after a 3.7 billion stg repayment in
January, while the non-bank private sector's holdings of
government debt fell by about 260 mln stg after a 1.1 billion
stg fall in January.
    There was a 50 mln stg rise in notes and coins in
circulation in February after a 290 mln stg fall in January,
the Bank said.
    Non-interest bearing sight deposits rose by 460 mln stg
after a 1.5 billion stg fall in January and interest-bearing
deposits fell 200 mln stg after a 1.6 billion rise in January.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10746>
Singapore's M-1 money supply  rose
2.7 pct in January to 10.09 billion Singapore dlrs after a 3.7
pct increase in December, the Monetary Authority of Singapore
said.
    Year on year, M-1 grew by 15.6 pct in January compared with
an 11.8 pct growth in December.
    The January rise was largely seasonal, reflecting an
increase in currency in active circulation prior to the Lunar
New Year. Currency in active circulation rose to 5.42 billion
dlrs from 5.03 billion in December and 4.84 billion a year ago.
    The demand deposit component of M-1 dropped in January by
4.67 billion dlrs from 4.79 billion in December and compared
with 3.89 billion in January, 1986.
    Broadly-based M-2 money supply rose 1.1 pct to 31.30
billion dlrs in January, after a 1.6 pct rise in December,
bringing year on year growth to 12.1 pct in January against
10.0 pct in the previous month.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10754>
Total loans and advances extended by
banks in Singapore rose in January to 36.01 billion Singapore
dlrs from 35.79 billion in December but fell from 36.93 billion
a year ago, the Monetary Authority of Singapore said.
    It said the increase was concentrated in loans to the
manufacturing and real estate sectors, while loans to the
commerce sector declined.
    Deposits of non-bank customers also fell in January to
30.44 billion dlrs from 30.61 billion in December but rose from
28.33 billion in January, 1986.
    Total assets and liabilities of banks rose to 77.60 billion
dlrs in January from 76.83 billion in the previous month and
69.45 billion a year ago.
    Assets and liabilities of finance companies fell to 6.87
billion dlrs from 6.95 billion and compared with 6.85 billion,
respectively.
    Loans extended by finance companies rose to 4.77 billion
dlrs from 4.74 billion in December and against 5.34 billion in
January last year, while deposits placed with them dropped to
4.68 billion against 4.89 and 4.79 billion.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10757>
Hong Kong's broadly defined M-3 money
supply rose 1.4 pct in February to 615.59 billion H.K. Dlrs
from January when it rose 2.2 pct, the government said.
    Total M3 rose 22.4 pct from February, 1984. Local currency
M3 rose 0.6 pct to 282.11 billion dlrs from January, and 16.8
pct on the year.
    Total M2 rose 2.0 pct to 545.71 billion dlrs in February
from January, when it increased by 3.3 pct.
    Local currency M2 rose 1.0 pct to 251.49 billion dlrs last
month after it rose 4.7 pct in January. Total M2 and local M2
rose 32.0 pct and 24.9 pct respectively from February, 1984.
    Total M1 fell 5.3 pct to 59.52 billion dlrs in February
after a 12 pct rise in the previous month. Local M1 dropped 6.0
pct to  54.47 billion dlrs after January's rise of 12.3 pct.
    Year on year growth in total M1 and local M1 was 26.3 pct
and 27.6 pct, respectively.
    Total loans and advances rose 1.3 pct to 523.74 billion
dlrs from January, when they were up 3.3 pct. However, loans
for financing Hong Kong's visible trade fell 1.3 pct to 36.23
billion dlrs after a 3.4 pct rise in the previous month.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11765>
Australian annual broad money growth rose
10.3 pct in February, unchanged from January, but down from the
corresponding February growth rate of 13.9 pct, the Reserve
Bank said.
    February broad money growth was steady at 0.7 pct from the
previous month and unchanged from February last year.
    Borrowings from the private sector by non-bank financial
intermediaries rose by 8.8 pct in the February year from
January's 9.5 pct rise, compared with a 13.6 pct increase in
the previous February year.
    In February, borrowings from the private sector by non-bank
financial intermediaries rose by 1.0 pct compared with
January's 0.2 pct increase and the previous February rise of
1.7 pct.
    At the end of February, broad money stood at 177.1 billion
dlrs up from January's 175.84 billion and compared with the
previous February level of 160.60 billion.
    The Reserve Bank last week reported a February M3 growth
rate of 11.2 pct from January's 10.7 pct rise and a previous
annual February increase of 14.0 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12429>
India's credit policy package for
fiscal 1987/88 (April-March) will help ease inflationary
pressures and control the growth of overall liqudity, the
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said in a statement.
    The package, announced earlier this week, will raise
commercial bank statutory liquidity ratios to 37.5 pct from 37
pct, effective April 25, and will increase cash reserve ratios
on foreign currency (non-resident) accounts to 9.5 pct from
three pct, effective May 23, it said.
    Excess liquidity pushed wholesale and consumer retail
prices higher in 1986/87 on previous year levels, RBI governor
R. N. Malhotra said in a statement.
    Malhotra said India's M-3 money supply grew 209.24 billion
rupees in the fiscal year to March 13, compared to a growth of
155.38 billion in the same period the year before.
    Commercial bank aggregate deposits rose to 164.10 billion
in the same period, against 120.66 billion in the corresponding
months of fiscal 1986/87, he said.
    The Finance Ministry in a report issued in February
predicted India's fiscal 1986/87 wholesale price-linked
inflation rate at about 6.5 pct against 3.8 pct in 1985/86.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12576>
Bank of Spain governor Mariano Rubio said
the central bank was worried that money supply was growing too
fast, reflecting excessive internal demand in the Spanish
economy, but added that he was confident recent measures would
succeed in restricting money growth.
    In testimony to the economic commission of Congress, Rubio
said the main measure of money supply, the broad-based Liquid
Assets in Public Hands, grew at an estimated annualised rate of
17 pct in March, the same as in February.
    The bank's target range for growth in this measure in 1987
is 6.5 to 9.5 pct, compared with 11.4 pct last year.
    Rubio said he was aiming for the lower end of the range.
    He added that real GDP growth of three pct in 1986 was due
to a six pct increase in real internal demand and a three pct
real drop in the contribution of the external sector.
    The aim for 1987 was for the same real growth in GDP but a
drop in the internal contribution to 4.5 pct with the negative
component of the external sector trimmed to 1.5 pct, he said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12748>
The Central Bank issued 5.65 billion dlrs
worth of certificates of deposit (CDs), boosting CD issues so
far this year to 147.58 billion, a bank spokesman told Reuters.
    The new CDs, with maturities of six months, one year and
two years, carry interest rates ranging from 4.07 pct to 5.12
pct, he said.
    The issues are intended to help curb the growth of the M-1b
money supply which has grown as a result of increasing foreign
exchange reserves.
    The reserves hit a record 53 billion U.S. Dlrs last month.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12758>
South Korea's M-2 money supply fell two
pct to 33,463.4 billion won in March from 34,030.3 billion in
February, provisional Bank of Korea figures show.
    It rose a revised 0.5 pct in February and was up 14.7 pct
from a year earlier.
    M-1 money supply fell 8.7 pct to 7,767.8 billion won in
March against a revised rise of 4.3 pct in February. It has
increased 8.3 pct since March last year.
    Bank officials said the March falls were due mainly to
various measures by the bank to absorb excess money.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12841>
Belgian total money stock rose to
1,140.4 billion francs at the end of 1986 from 1,115.4 billion
at the end of the third quarter of last year and 1,055.0
billion at the end of 1985, Belgian National Bank figures
showed.
    Paper money rose to 404.1 billion francs from 394.1 billion
and 383.5 billion respectively, other forms of privately held
money to 679.5 billion from 652.7 billion and 616.0 billion.
    Money held by the public authorities fell to 56.8 billion
francs from 68.6 billion at the end of the previous quarter but
was above the 55.5 billion at the end of 1985, the bank said.
    The government does not set money supply targets, arguing
they are inappropriate to a small economy with major trading
and monetary links with much larger trading countries.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13019>
Canadian narrowly-defined money supply
M-1 fell 291 mln dlrs to 32.44 billion dlrs in the week ended
March 25, Bank of Canada said.
    M-1-A, which is M-1 plus daily interest chequable and
non-personal deposits, fell 7 mln dlrs to 75.14 billion dlrs
and M-2, which is M-1-A plus other notice and personal
fixed-term deposits, fell 56 mln dlrs to 177.54 billion dlrs.
    M-3, which is non-personal fixed term deposits and foreign
currency deposits of residents booked at chartered banks in
Canada, rose 321 mln dlrs to 216.67 billion dlrs.
    Chartered bank general loans outstanding fell 169 mln dlrs
to 126.03 billion dlrs.
    Canadian liquid plus short term assets rose 72 mln dlrs to
36.47 billion dlrs and total Canadian dollar major assets of
the chartered banks rose 507 mln dlrs to 224.22 billion dlrs.
    Chartered bank net foreign currency assets fell 231 mln
dlrs to minus 2.00 billion dlrs.             
    Notes in circulation totalled 16.16 billion dlrs, up 50 mln
dlrs from the week before.
    Government cash balances fell 1.17 billion dlrs to 4.63
billion dlrs in week ended April 1.
    Government securities outstanding rose 1.09 billion dlrs to
226.42 billion dlrs in week ended April 1, treasury bills rose
1.35 billion dlrs to 76.95 billion dlrs and Canada Savings
Bonds fell 47 mln dlrs to 43.87 billion dlrs.         
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13157>
The Federal Open Market Committee at
its February 10-11 meeting voted nine to one to maintain the
then-existing degree of reserve restraint, minutes showed.
    The FOMC issued an asymmetric inter-meeting policy
directive which gave greater possibility to firmer rather than
easier policy. The Committee set a six to seven pct January
through March annualized growth target for M-2 and M-3 and no
M-1 goal. At the prior meeting in mid-December, the FOMC set a
seven pct target for M-2 and M-3 for November through March.
    The February FOMC kept the four to eight pct Federal funds
rate "reference" range for policy, as in other recent meetings.
    At a telephone conference on February 23, committee members
discussed the possible implications of the decisions reached in
Paris for U.S. intervention in foreign exchange markets. No
conclusions were contained in the minutes.
    In its inter-meeting policy directive, the February FOMC
said that "somewhat greater reserve restraint would, or
slightly lesser reserve restraint might, be acceptable
depending on the behavior of the aggregates, taking into
account the strength of the business expansion, developments in
foreign exchange markets, progress against inflation, and
conditions in domestic and international credit markets."
    The February FOMC voted nine to one for an unchanged
policy. Thomas Melzer, St Louis Federal Reserve Bank president
favored some tightening of reserve conditions.
    He noted the strong growth in bank loans in November
through January and the firm federal funds rate that had
prevailed despite the extraordinary pace of reserve growth. He
also cited the recent declines in the dollar's value.
    Finally, looking ahead, Melzer pointed out the potential
for a further rise in inflationary expectations. He believed
that prompt restraints might avert the need for more
substantial tightening later.
    Regarding inter-meeting policy adjustments, the FOMC
minutes showed, "the members generally felt that policy
implementation should be especially alert to the potential need
for some firming of reserve conditions."
    In this view, the FOMC said somewhat greater reserve
restraint would be warranted if monetary growth did not slow in
line with current expectations and there were concurrent
indications of intensifying inflationary pressures against the
background of stronger economic data.
    One indication of potential price pressure might be a
further tendency for the dollar to weaken.
    The minutes showed that one member, presumably Melzer,
preferred a directive that did not contemplate any easing
during the weeks ahead. However, "most of the members did not
want to rule out the possibility of some slight easing during
the inter-meeting period, although they did not view the
conditions for such a move as likely to emerge."
    The FOMC members assumed that future fluctuations in the
dollar's value would not be of sufficient magnitude to have any
significant effect on the Fed's economic projections. In
addition, they anticipated that considerable progress would be
made in reducing the federal budget deficit.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13159>
Business loans on the books of major
U.S. banks, excluding acceptances, fell 822 mln dlrs to 277.94
billion dlrs in the week ended March 25, the Federal Reserve
Board said.
    The Fed said that business loans including acceptances fell
971 mln dlrs to 280.22 billion dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13471>
West Germany recorded a net outflow of
7.53 billion marks on the February capital account, combining
long and short term capital flows, compared with a net inflow
of 11.91 billion marks in January, the Bundesbank said.
    This compared with a net outflow of 3.51 billion marks in
February 1986, the Bundesbank said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13949>
Bundesbank council member Lothar
Mueller said the bank has not given up its money supply policy
and that restraining money supply growth does not always mean
pushing up interest rates.
    Mueller said in an article for the Boersen Zeitung
financial daily that a monetary policy which took into account
exchange rate expectations and capital flows could not be
confused with an exchange rate oriented policy.
    The article followed international press speculation that
the Bundesbank had abandoned money supply targetting in favour
of an exchange rate policy.
    Mueller, a member of the Bundesbank council in his position
as president of the regional state central bank in Bavaria,
noted that the Bundesbank's decision in January to cut leading
interest rates amid continuing strong monetary growth had led
some people to think it was dropping monetary targetting.
    "Simply to ignore the external economic context would be
risky and dangerous for monetary policy," he explained.
    Mueller said the cuts in official interest rates had put an
end to interest rate speculation. The Bundesbank could now
assume that upward pressure on the mark would ease and currency
inflows slow down.
    Lower money market rates, achieved by widening short and
long term interest rate differentials, also encouraged
investors to re-invest funds parked in liquid accounts, Mueller
said.
    The measures therefore aimed clearly at bringing monetary
growth back onto the desired path, he said.
    "Finally, of course, and there is no need to keep this
quiet, the cut in interest rates was also in line with the
changed economic situation of the last few months," he added.
    "All in all, the Bundesbank in no way abandoned its money
supply policy with the January discount rate cut, despite
suppositions to the contrary," Mueller said.
    "Keeping money supply developments in check is not always
synonymous with raising interest rates, especially when
excessive liquidity due to inflows from abroad, rather than
growth in bank credits, is the cause of rising monetary
holdings of non-banks," Mueller said.
    Now that West Germany no longer ran large external deficits
other concepts were needed for monetary policy.
    Mueller said it would be both difficult and dangerous for
monetary policy to pursue a specific mark/dollar exchange rate.
    In any case, the exchange rate partly depends on U.S.
Currency and budgetary policy and the U.S. Economy, he said.
    But an exchange rate orientation would also mean the end of
a strict stability policy because both interest rates and
liquidity would be affected by required currency intervention
and could no longer be steered autonomously by the Bundesbank.
    Even interest rates are not in the centre of the
Bundesbank's considerations, but reflect competition and other
market conditions, Mueller said.
    A cut in bank liquidity will not directly influence central
bank money stock, the Bundesbank's main money supply indicator.
    This does not reflect banking liquidity, but the liquidity
of industry and households which cannot be directly reached
with the Bundesbank's instruments, Mueller said.
    The less dependent non-banks are on bank credits, the
harder it is to steer money supply. This has increasingly been
the case recently, because non-banks have received considerable
sums from current account surpluses and capital imports.
    "If the Bundesbank had tried to brake the money supply rise
with higher interest rates, as would have been appropriate if
credit was growing excessively, it would not only have missed
its target but probably even set off further inflows," he said.
    Mueller said growth in money supply was still too high.
    In the last three months money stock grew at an annual rate
of seven pct, down from 10 pct in the previous quarter.
    The growth curve has therefore come closer to the three to
six pct 1987 target corridor for central bank money stock
growth, pointing to the success of the current policy, he said.
    But high monetary stocks can be a warning sign and there
should be no change in priorities. "Monetary policy must be
first and foremost stability policy and successful stability
policy is money supply policy -- nothing else," he said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13994>
The Federal Reserve is expected to
intervene in the government securities market to supply
temporary reserves indirectly via customer repurchase
agreements, economists said.
    They said the Fed is expected to execute anywhere from
1.5-2.0 billion dlrs of customer repos to offset seasonal
pressures on bank reserves.
    Federal funds, which averaged 6.20 pct yesterday, opened at
6-1/8 pct and remained there in early trading.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14573>
Treasury balances at the Federal
Reserve rose on April 6 to 4.262 billion dlrs from 3.876
billion dlrs on the previous business day, the Treasury said in
its latest budget statement.
    Balances in tax and loan note accounts fell to 4.950
billion dlrs from 5.004 billion dlrs on the same respective
days.
    The Treasury's operating cash balance totaled 9.212 billion
dlrs on April 6 compared with 8.880 billion dlrs on April 3.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14770>
Bundesbank President Karl Otto Poehl
said a weaker dollar would be risky and a further appreciation
of the mark would damage prospects for sustained West German
economic growth.
    In a speech to the Institute of Contempory German Affairs
here, Poehl said "It would be an extremely risky policy to aim
for a further substantial decline in the value of the dollar to
correct the trade deficit."
    He said the United States could face a vicious circle of
depreciation, inflation and more depreciation if it took that
route.
    Poehl noted West Germany had already taken steps to meet
U.S. Demands for greater stimulation of its domestic economy,
accelerating tax cuts, cutting interest rates and tolerating
above-target money supply growth.
    He said he would have been happy to have brought forward
five billion marks of tax cuts now planned for January 1988 to
the beginning of this year, but he said the government faced
political constraints getting such measures through the upper
house of the West German parliament.
    But there were also limits to the impact West Germany could
accept on exports from a rising mark, he said.
    Poehl said West Germany relied on exports for about
one-third of its gross national product, so a substantial
erosion of export markets could not be offset by increasing
demand at home.
    "A further appreciation of the mark could even be an
obstacle to further growth," he said.
    Poehl said the Bundesbank had tolerated rapid money supply
growth last year because the country enjoyed low inflation and
because external factors, including low oil prices and
favourable terms of trade, had given some extra leeway.
    But Poehl said West Germany now faced a difficult dilemma
over monetary policy.
    The underlying rate of inflation was now two pct, not the
reported negative inflation rates last year, and West Germany
was affected more than before by exchange rate developments.
    "For the time being, we will have to focus our policy more
on the external side, and we can live with a more expansionary
money supply. But we must be very careful," he said.
    He said he shared some of the U.S. Concern about Japan's
trade surpluses, which affected European countries as well as
the United States.
    Poehl welcomed the so-called Louvre accord of monetary
officials of major industrialized countries, saying the
importance of the February 22 agreement to stabilize exchange
rates had been underestimated.
    All partners had agreed that the dollar was at about the
right level, and that further changes would damage growth, he
said.
    "This was a remarkable change in attitude, especially on the
part of our American colleagues," he said.
    But he said there was still a danger that the correction of
the dollar's value could overshoot.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2468>
U.S. M-1 money supply rose 1.9 billion
dlrs to a seasonally adjusted 738.5 billion dlrs in the
February 23 week, the Federal Reserve said.
    The previous week's M-1 level was revised to 736.6 billion
dlrs from 736.7 billion dlrs, while the four-week moving
average of M-1 rose to 736.7 billion dlrs from 735.0 billion.
    Economists polled by Reuters had forecast M-1 in a range
from down 500 mln dlrs to up 4.5 billion dlrs.
    The average forecast called for a 2.2 billion dlr M-1 rise.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2554>
U.S. money supply growth is slowing
down rapidly, and some economists believe that all three of the
Federal Reserve's main monetary aggregates may even have
contracted in February.
    A contraction is unlikely to be a major concern for the
Fed, especially as it would follow a long period of torrid
growth, but it could give the central bank extra leeway in the
weeks ahead if it decided that a relaxation of monetary policy
was justified on account of weakness in the economy.    
    M-1 money supply for the week ended February 23, reported
today, rose 1.9 billion dlrs to 738.5 billion, but preliminary
forecasts call for a drop next week of around two billion dlrs.
The monthly average in January was 737.1 billion dlrs.
    M-1 makes up about a quarter of M-2 and a fifth of M-3.
With other components of M-2, such as money-market deposit
accounts and small time deposits, also falling, the stage is
set for falls in the broader aggregates too, economists say.
    M-1 has been largely discredited because its traditional
link to economic growth has disintegrated under the impact of
falling interest rates and banking deregulation.
    But the consistent behavior of all three aggregates is
likely to impress the Fed, said Ward McCarthy of Merrill Lynch
Economics Inc.
    "The Fed has confidence in the aggregates when they're all
sending the same signal. This is going to raise some eyebrows
at the Fed," McCarthy said.
    Stephen Slifer of Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc added, "We
have some very good-looking monetary aggregate data. It's
coming in a lot weaker than I thought."    
    The economists were quick to caution that one month's data
prove nothing, especially because money growth previously had
been so rapid. M-1 in the last 52 weeks has grown at a 16.7 pct
rate and at a 19.1 pct rate in the past 13 weeks.
    Moreover, some of the contraction in M-2 can probably be
explained by a shift of funds from savings vehicles into the
booming stock market and is thus not an indication of a
slowdown in the business expansion.
    But the data raise the tantalizing possibility for the bond
markets that the slowdown in money growth is partly a
reflection of a weaker economy that needs more Fed stimulus.
    McCarthy noted that the slower money growth coincides with
signs that the economy is losing momentum as the quarter
progresses. "Some of the economic indicators are not as rosy as
they were a month ago," he noted.
    He expects only five to six pct M-1 growth in March and
rises in M-2 and M-3 of about four pct.
    Slifer sees stronger growth of 10 pct in M-1 and five pct
or less for M-2 and M-3, but the rates would still be moderate
enough to encourage the Fed to ease policy if gross national
product for the first quarter proved to be weak. "You'd
certainly be more inclined to ease than you would in the past."
    There was certainly nothing in the Fed's latest balance
sheet, however, to suggest a change of policy is already under
way, economists said. Discount window borrowings were in line
with expectations at 233 mln dlrs a day.
    Robert Brusca of Nikko Securities Co International Inc
argued that an easier Fed policy is unlikely to do much to
solve America's most urgent economic problem, its massive trade
deficit. Because of the possibility that further dollar
depreciation - and thus rising inflation - may be needed to
close the trade gap, Brusca said "I'm not prepared to be all
that optimistic about the bond market."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2686>
Cash in circulation in West Germany
rose by 2.8 billion marks in the last week of February to 121.5
billion, a gain of 8.3 pct over the same month last year, the
Bundesbank said.
    Cash in circulation is one of two components of the West
German money supply which the German central bank is targeting
to grow between three and six pct this year.
    Gross currency reserves in the week rose by 200 mln marks
to 109.5 billion. Foreign liabilities fell 100 mln to 22.9
billion, giving a net currency reserves increase of 300 mln to
86.6 billion.
    Commercial bank minimum reserve holdings at the Bundesbank
fell 300 mln marks to 51.9 billion marks at the end of
February, averaging 51.2 billion over the month.
    The rediscount debt of the banking system fell 800 mln
marks to 55.2 billion marks, the Bundesbank said.
    Banks made heavy use of the Lombard emergency funding
facility to meet month-end payments and borrowed 3.1 billion
marks, a rise of 2.9 billion over the week before.
    The net position of public authorities at the Bundesbank
declined 6.7 billion marks in the last week of February.
    The federal government drew down 3.8 billion marks of its
Bundesbank cash deposits, which had stood at 4.1 billion in the
third week of February, and also borrowed a 1.8 billion in
credit from the central bank.
    Federal states' deposits fell 1.5 billion marks to 1.3
billion and their cash credits dropped 400 mln to 300 mln.
    The Bundesbank balance sheet total rose around 5.44 billion
to 222.22 billion marks.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2744>
Canadian narrowly-defined money supply
M-1 rose 217 mln dlrs to 32.80 billion dlrs in week ended
February 25, Bank of Canada said.
    M-1-A, which is M-1 plus daily interest chequable and
non-personal deposits, rose 556 mln dlrs to 75.19 billion dlrs
and M-2, which is M-1-A plus other notice and personal
fixed-term deposit rose 651 mln dlrs to 176.87 billion dlrs.s
    M-3, which is non-personal fixed term deposits and foreign
currency deposits of residents booked at chartered banks in
Canada, rose 992 mln dlrs to 216.03 billion dlrs.
    Chartered bank general loans outstanding rose 481 mln dlrs
to 124.99 billion dlrs.
    Canadian liquid plus short term assets fell 854 mln dlrs to
35.40 billion dlrs and total Canadian dollar major assets of
the chartered banks fell 118 mln dlrs to 221.20 billion dlrs.
    Chartered bank net foreign currency assets fell 23 mln dlrs
to minus 1.92 billion dlrs.
    Notes in circulation totalled 16.24 billion dlrs, up 76 mln
dlrs from the week before.
    Government cash balances fell 565 mln dlrs to 4.31 billion
dlrs in week ended March 4.
    Government securities outstanding rose 1.25 billion dlrs to
224.09 billion dlrs in week ended March 4, treasury bills rose
950 mln dlrs to 74.55 billion dlrs and Canada Savings Bonds
fell 57 mln dlrs to 44.34 billion dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2858>
Treasury balances at the Federal
Reserve fell on March 5 to 3.467 billion dlrs from 3.939
billion dlrs the previous business day, the Treasury said in
its latest budget statement.
    Balances in tax and loan note accounts fell to 14.350
billion dlrs from 14.391 billion dlrs on the same respective
days.
    The Treasury's operating cash balance totaled 17.817
billion dlrs on March 5 compared with 18.330 billion dlrs on
March 4.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2872>
Business loans on the books of major
U.S. banks, excluding acceptances, fell 618 mln dlrs to 278.88
billion dlrs in the week ended February 25, the Federal Reserve
Board said.
    The Fed said that business loans including acceptances fell
897 mln dlrs to 281.23 billion dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2994>
Singapore's M-1 money supply rose 3.7
pct during December to 9.82 billion dlrs, after a 2.0 pct
increase in November, the Monetary authority of Singapore (MAS)
said.
    M-1 growth for calendar 1986 was 11.8 pct compared with 4.0
pct growth over the year ending in November.
    MAS said in its latest monthly statistical bulletin the
December increase was largely due to seasonal year-end demand.
    The demand deposit component of M-1 increased to 4.79
billion dlrs in December from 4.62 billion in November and 4.05
billion in December 1985.
    Currency in active circulation rose to 5.03 billion dlrs in
December from 4.85 billion in November and 4.74 billion a year
earlier.
    Broadly-based M-2 money supply rose 1.6 pct to 30.95
billion dlrs during December after a 1.7 pct rise in November,
bringing year-on-year growth to 10.0 pct for the year ending in
December against 10.2 pct for the year ending in November.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3073>
French money supply, measured in terms of
M-3, rose a provisional one pct in January after falling 0.7
pct in December, the Bank of France said.
    M-3 is the main money supply aggregate used by the French
monetary authorities. It has been joined as a second main money
supply aggregate for 1987 by M-2, which rose a provisional 1.2
pct in January after falling a confirmed 0.9 pct in December.
    Calculated on a three-month moving average basis, M-3 rose
4.4 pct year-on-year in the quarter based on December after
rising 5.4 pct in the quarter centred on September.
    The M-2 aggregate, centred on a three-month moving average,
rose year-on-year by four pct, within a 1987 target range of
four to six pct.
    M-1 rose 2.5 pct after a 1.1 pct fall in December. M-1
measures notes and coins in circulation plus sight deposits.
    M-2 adds in short-term bank deposits and M-3 adds in other
short-term deposits.
    The central bank's widest measure of liquidity, L, rose 1.5
pct in January after one pct fall in December. The bank said
the money supply growth reflected a net increase of sight
deposits and renewed interest in money market instruments.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3246>
This year will see a pickup in U.S.
economic growth and inflation, the Shadow Open Market Committee
said in its semi-annual policy statement.
    The SOMC, a group of basically "monetarist" private
economists, said that "economic growth will accelerate in 1987
in response to powerful stimulative actions by the Federal
Reserve."
    The group said the Fed's actions have been excessive. As a
result, it said that "inflation and ultimately another
recession now loom on the horizon."
    The SOMC said that central bank policies that rely on
progressively larger swings in monetary expansion will not lead
to sustainable economic growth and stable prices.
    The group made no specific nominal forecasts of economic or
inflation growth in its policy statement. However, the
Committee at its Sunday policy-making meeting said it was
basically in accord with projections by Jerry Jordan, who is a
member of the SOMC and economist at First Interestate Bancorp.
    Jordan expects real GNP growth to be about one percentage
point higher than in the past two years. He expects consumer
prices to rise about 4-1/2 pct this year.
    The SOMC said in recent months rapid money growth has been
a principal cause of the devaluation. To avoid another costly
inflation and disinflation, the SOMC urged the Fed to "abandon
its inflationary policy and set the growth rate of the monetary
base on the path toward sustained lower inflation."
    The Fed in February said it would no longer target the
narrow M-1 money supply because the link between M-1 and
economic growth has been largely severed.

</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3348>
Treasury balances at the Federal
Reserve rose on March 6 to 3.879 billion dlrs from 3.467
billion dlrs the previous business day, the Treasury said in
its latest budget statement.
    Balances in tax and loan note accounts fell to 12.453
billion drls from 14.350 billion dlrs on the same respective
days.
    The Treasury's operating cash balance totaled 16.332
billion dlrs on March 6 compared with 17.817 billion dlrs on
March 5.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3524>
The Bank of Spain has extended the
reserve requirement for banks to their convertible peseta funds
in an attempt to curb speculation in short-term capital which
is currently fuelling money supply growth.
    In a statement issued late last night, the central bank
said convertible peseta accounts, funds which are not subject
to exchange controls, would also be subject to a 19 pct reserve
requirement with effect from Friday.
    Convertible peseta funds had been previously exempt from
reserve requirements.
    The measure comes one week after the central bank raised
reserve requirements on domestic deposits by one percentage
point to 19 pct, also with effect on Friday.
    Banking sources say the high real interest rates on offer
now -- around eight pct for overnight funds -- have attracted a
large influx of speculative foreign capital which is
threatening the government's monetary targets.
    They say this influx is largely responsible for Spain's
principal measure of money supply, the broad-based liquid
assets in public hands (ALP), to have grown by an estimated 17
pct annualised rate in February, compared with January's 8.3
pct rise and an 11.4 pct rise during the whole of 1986. The
target for 1987 is eight pct.
    The Bank of Spain today did not provide assistance funds to
banks in a move to drain excess liquidity from the money
market. Liquidity will be further tightened by the fortnightly
Treasury Bill auction tomorrow and Friday's hike in reserve
requirements, expected to absorb over 200 billion pesetas from
the system.
    The immediate reaction was a hike in interbank interest
rates today to 13.75/14.00 pct from yesterday's 13.46 pct
average for deposits.
    Bank of Spain officials said this was an understandable
response "given that the market is short of funds."
    But banking sources noted that a continued rise in interest
rates would neutralize the central bank's attempts to curtail
short-term speculation with foreign funds by making the Spanish
money markets more attractive.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3661>
Spain's broad based M-4 money supply
rose at an annualised rate of 16.7 pct in February against 8.1
pct in January and 22.4 pct in February last year, Bank of
Spain figures show.
    The broad-based money supply is measured as liquid assets
in public hands plus quasi-monetary assets.
    Money supply growth was 11.4 pct last year. The government
wants to reduce the rate to eight pct this year.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3930>
Treasury balances at the Federal
Reserve fell on March 10 to 2.842 billion dlrs from 3.073
billion dlrs the previous business day, the Treasury said in
its latest budget statement.
    Balances in tax and loan note accounts fell to 9.828
billion dlrs from 11.418 billion dlrs on the same respective
days.
    The Treasury's operating cash balance totaled 12.670
billion dlrs on March 10 compared with 14.490 billion dlrs on
March 9.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4519>
Commercial and industrial loans on the
books of the 10 major New York banks, excluding acceptances,
fell 718 mln dlrs to 64.87 billion in the week ended March 4,
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York said.
    Including acceptances, loans fell 581 mln dlrs to 65.63
billion.
    Commercial paper outstanding nationally dropped 13 mln dlrs
to 336.02 billion.
    National business loan data are scheduled to be released on
Friday.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4544>
U.S. M-1 money supply fell 600 mln
dlrs to a seasonally adjusted 738.0 billion dlrs in the March 2
week, the Federal Reserve said.
    The previous week's M-1 level was revised to 738.6 billion
dlrs from 738.5 billion, while the four-week moving average of
M-1 rose to 737.1 billion dlrs from 736.8 billion.
    Commenting on February growth of the broader monetary
aggregates, the Fed said that M-2 fell 1.6 billion dlrs, while
M-3 rose three billion. Economists polled by Reuters had
projected a 900 mln dlr fall in M-1, a 1.8 billion dlr drop in
M-2 and no change in M-3.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4602>
U.S. bank reserve, monetary and
discount window borrowings data released by the Federal Reserve
today clearly indicate that policy is "on hold" and may not be
changed for weeks or even months, economists said.
    "The Fed is keeping policy at dead center and it is not
about to change policy unless something fairly dramatic occurs
on the economy," said John Williams of Bankers Trust Co.
    "These numbers contain no hint that a policy shift is in
prospect, nor do economic or financial developments argue for
policy change," said William Griggs of Griggs and Santow Inc.
    Fed data released today were all in line with economists'
expectations and similar to the numbers of recent weeks.
    The Fed said net discount window borrowings in the two
weeks ended Wednesday averaged 191 mln dlrs, up from 381 mln
dlrs in the February 25 statement period, but little changed
from 160 mln dlrs in the period before that.
    It said that banks' net free reserves in the latest two
weeks averaged 660 mln dlrs versus 675 mln dlrs previously.
    Finally, the Fed said that the M-1 money supply fell 800
mln dlrs in February, with the broader M-2 measure down 1.6
billion dlrs and M-3 up an even three billion dlrs.
    Analysts said that M-1 last month grew at a negative 1.3
pct annual rate compared with minus 0.7 pct for M-2 and actual
positive growth of 1.0 pct annualized for M-3.
    February levels of M-2 and M-3 left the aggregates 18.2 and
20.8 billion dlrs under their respective upper growth limits
set by the Fed for 1987. The annual growth target for both is
5-1/2 to 8-1/2 pct. There is no M-1 target.
    "In the near term, there is absolutely no reason for the
Fed to ease policy, even apart from the slowdown in money
growth," said Stephen Slifer, economist at Lehman Government
Securities Inc.
    Economists generally expect a modest pickup in monetary
growth in March after February's anemic growth rates. However,
they stress that money growth will not be strong enough to
prevent the Fed from dropping interest rates further if the
economy shows evidence of weakness.
    Commenting on February's decline in the key M-2 aggregate,
Slifer said the main cause was a 3.2 billion dlr drop in money
market deposits at banks. This number has risen three to four
billion dlrs a month for a long while, he said, so February's
weakness is not likely to persist. Slifer expects modest M-2
and M-3 growth rates of 3-1/2 to four pct during March.
    Griggs said that M-2 and M-3 in coming months should return
to the five to seven pct annualized growth region and so
continue to present no problem for the Fed.
    Economists said the Fed appears to be very comfortable with
its current policy stance and it is likely to wait for perhaps
several more months of economic data before deciding whether or
not to ease its grip on reserves.
    Given the economy's fragility in many sectors, the analysts
agreed that there is almost no chance that the Fed will choose
to raise, rather than lower, interest rates when it next
changes policy.
    "Discount window borrowings in the past week were about as
low as the Fed can get them, although Fed funds held above six
pct," said Williams of Bankers Trust. Funds averaged 6.12 pct
in the week to Wednesday, up from 6.06 pct in the prior week.
    The Fed added reserves indirectly via one billion dlrs of
customer repurchase agreements last Friday, 2.5 billion dlrs on
Monday and two billion dlrs on Wednesday. On Tuesday, it added
reserves directly through two-day System repurchases.
    Williams and Griggs agreed the Fed will let the funds rate
be largely market-driven. They said it is focusing instead on a
borrowings target of around 300 mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4686>
Japanese personal savings grew 10.3 pct
in 1986 from 1985 helped by a sharp increase in stock
investments by individuals, the Bank of Japan said.
    Outstanding savings on December 31, 1986 totalled 545,303
billion yen. Funds in investment trusts alone totalled 21,918
billion yen, up 37.4 pct from a year earlier.
    The outstanding balance also included deposits at banks and
post offices, up 7.4 pct to 337,867 billion yen, savings in the
form of insurance, up 18.6 pct to 111,431 billion, corporate
bond investments, up 7.8 pct to 46,867 billion, and investments
in trust banks, up 4.1 pct to 27,220 billion.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4938>
Canadian narrowly-defined money supply
M-1 rose 592 mln dlrs to 33.36 billion dlrs in week ended March
4, Bank of Canada said.
    M-1-A, which is M-1 plus daily interest chequable and
non-personal deposits, rose 778 mln dlrs to 75.95 billion dlrs
and M-2, which is M-1-A plus other notice and personal
fixed-term deposit rose 1.09 billion dlrs to 177.95 billion
dlrs.
    M-3, which is non-personal fixed term deposits and foreign
currency deposits of residents booked at chartered banks in
Canada, rose 1.13 billion dlrs to 217.28 billion dlrs.         
    Chartered bank general loans outstanding rose 500 mln dlrs
to 125.54 billion dlrs.
    Canadian liquid plus short term assets fell 244 mln dlrs to
35.12 billion dlrs and total Canadian dollar major assets of
the chartered banks rose 257 mln dlrs to 221.53 billion dlrs.
    Chartered bank net foreign currency assets rose 782 mln
dlrs to minus 876 mln dlrs.            
    Notes in circulation totalled 16.28 billion dlrs, up 45 mln
dlrs from the week before.
    Government cash balances rose 1.37 billion dlrs to 5.68
billion dlrs in week ended March 11.
    Government securities outstanding fell three mln dlrs to
224.08 billion dlrs in week ended March 11, treasury bills rose
600 mln dlrs to 75.15 billion dlrs and Canada Savings Bonds
fell 294 mln dlrs to 44.05 billion dlrs.           
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5060>
Business loans on the books of major
U.S. banks, excluding acceptances, rose 377 mln dlrs to 279.085
billion dlrs in the week ended March 4, the Federal Reserve
Board said.
    The Fed said that business loans including acceptances
increased 484 mln dlrs to 281.546 billion dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5207>
Bangladesh's broad-based M2 money supply
rose 6.95 pct to 132.79 billion taka in December after rising
0.51 pct to 124.16 billion in November and 3.07 pct to 114.22
billion in December 1985, the Central Bank said.
    On a year on year basis, M2 rose 16.25 pct in the 12 months
to December, 12.04 pct to November and 16 pct to December 1985.
    Narrowly-based M1 rose 9.55 pct to 50 billion taka against
a fall of 0.45 pct to 45.64 billion in November and a 3.03 pct
rise to 45.51 billion to December 1985, it added.
    Year on year, M1 rose 9.86 pct in December.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5253>
West German central bank money stock
was growing at an annualized 7.5 pct in February, unchanged
from the 7.5 pct reported in January, provisional data from the
Bundesbank showed.
    The figure was thus outside the three to six pct range set
by the Bundesbank for 1987.
    In absolute terms, the measure rose to 223.2 billion marks
in February from 221.8 billion in the prior month.
    The data showed that the stock grew at an annualized 8.6
pct over the six months to February, slower than the 9.4 pct
rise in the same period to January.
    Of the two components comprising central bank money stock,
cash in circulation rose to 111.7 billion marks in February
from 110.9 billion in January, the Bundesbank data showed.
    This gave an annualized 8.3 pct rise over the six months to
February, down from a 10.2 pct increase over the six months to
January.
    Minimum reserve requirements on domestic liabilities grew
to 111.5 billion marks in February from 110.9 billion in
January.
    This yielded an annualized 8.8 pct rise over the six month
to February, up slightly from an 8.6 pct increase over the same
period to January.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5782>
Thailand's M-1 money supply rose 9.8
pct to an estimated 117.3 billion baht in January after
increasing 6.6 pct in December, the Bank of Thailand said.
    It said year-on-year M-1 grew 23.1 pct in January after an
18.5 pct increase in December.
    The central bank said M-2 rose 1.7 pct to an estimated
686.5 billion baht in January after a 2.4 pct increase in
December while year-on-year it expanded 13.3 pct after a 12.6
pct rise in December.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5798>
Japan's broadly defined money supply
average of M-2 plus certificate of deposits (CDs) rose a
preliminary 8.8 pct in February from a year earlier, compared
with an 8.6 pct rise in January, the Bank of Japan said.
    The seasonally adjusted February average of M-2 plus CDs
supply rose 0.8 pct from January, it said.
    Unadjusted M-2 plus CDs stood at an average 336,000 billion
yen in February compared with 337,100 billion yen in January.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5836>
Taiwan's central bank issued 12 billion
Taiwan dlrs worth of certificates of deposit after issuing six
billion yesterday, bringing CD issues so far this year to
115.47 billion dlrs, a bank official told Reuters.
    The new CDs have maturities of six months, one year and two
years and bear interest rates ranging from 4.07 pct to 5.12
pct, he said.
    The issues are aimed at helping curb the growth of M-1b
money supply, which is the result of large foreign exchange
reserves. The reserves now total more than 51 billion U.S.
Dlrs.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6156>
Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel
Lawson's Budget speech was described as sound and well balanced
by analysts, if slightly lacking in excitement.
    A cut in bank base lending rates is now widely expected
tomorrow, with most forecasts predicting a half-point fall. A
follow-up half-point cut is anticipated next week.
    "Worthy but boring would probably sum it up," Peter Fellner,
U.K. Economist at stockbrokers James Capel and Co, said. "It was
a very, very prudent fiscal budget."
    Richard Jeffrey of brokers Hoare Govett said it was a
well-balanced budget within the confines of the government's
philosophy of keeping expenditure levels flat.
    Most analysts said the Budget was very sound on the fiscal
side, but offered nothing new on monetary policy.
    As was widely expected, Lawson split his "fiscal adjustment"
between trimming the 1987/88 PSBR target to 4.0 billion stg
from 7.1 billion and cutting basic rate income tax from 29 to
27 pct.
    The target for the narrow measure of money supply, M0, was
kept unchangd at two to six pct, while the target for the broad
Sterling M3 aggregate was dropped.
    Both Jeffrey and Fellner said the budget clears the way for
a half-point fall in U.K. Base rates tomorrow, but the
authorities are unlikely to sanction a larger cut immediately.
Many analysts and currency dealers have forecast a full
one-point cut tomorrow.
    "The Bank of England will be loathe to take any action which
it will have to reverse later," Jeffrey said, though he added a
further half-point cut was quite possible in the near future.
    The main worry from today's speech is the outlook for
inflation, given the signs of relaxed monetary policy contained
in it, Scrimgeour Vickers economist Richard Holt said.
    Holt noted the "rather loose" inflation forecast of 4.0 pct
at end-1987, and said the lower interest rates likely to result
from the tough fiscal stance could cause longer term concern.
    "A higher PSBR target could be preferable in the long term,"
he said, although lower mortgage interest rates on the back of
falling base rates would have an offsetting impact on
inflation.
    The Budget will inspire a lot of short-term confidence but
it was "not a good budget for inflation," he said
    Jeffrey said he would have liked Lawson to say more about
the dangers of excessive liquidity build-up but overall was not
too concerned about a revival of inflation.
    Fellner noted that the exchange rate was to remain the
"leading edge" of monetary policy, but said the authorities were
likely to be extremely cautious on this front.
    He said they were unlikely to hesitate in holding interest
rates steady or even raising them again if sterling showed any
signs of excessive weakness.
    Most analysts agreed Lawson had bolstered the credibility
of the Budget by adopting realistic forecasts.
    Raising the forecast for the current account deficit from
1.5 to 2.5 billion stg for 1987 would not unsettle the markets,
which are already discounting that amount, Jeffrey said.
that the 4.0 billion stg PSBR target was given credibility by
the favourable outturn for 1986/87, which is now also forecast
to be 4.0 billion stg.
    But analysts said the Budget speech did not give any
clear-cut indication about the timing of the general election,
which has to be held before June, 1988.
    Some believe it signals a poll this June, noting that the
benefits, such as income tax cuts and the decision not to raise
duties on alcohol and tobacco, become available immediately.
    But others said it kept several options open and it was not
possible to deduce too much from it.
    James Capel's Fellner noted that by being fiscally prudent,
Lawson had kept open the possibility of an autumn election in
that there would be no "chickens coming home to roost."
    Richard Jeffrey, who favours the likelihood of a June
election, said it was important the Chancellor had not gone for
a Budget aimed overtly at buying an election victory.
    Nevertheless, he said, it was likely to result in a boost
to the Conservative Party's pre-election popularity.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6619>
Italian M-2 money supply rose a
provisional 2.8 pct, seasonally adjusted, in the three months
to end January 1987, the Bank of Italy said.
    The bank said M-2, which measures notes and coins in
circulation plus bank and post office deposit accounts, fell to
a provisional 609,457 billion lire in January from a downwards
revised but still provisional 615,307 billion in December 1986.
    The provisional year-on-year rise in January was 10.2 pct,
compared with a downward revised and provisional 9.4 pct in
December.
    M-2A, similar to M-2 but excluding certificates of deposit
and including proceeds from bank repurchase operations, rose a
provisional 2.0 pct, seasonally adjusted, over the three months
to end January 1987.
    The bank said M-2A totalled a provisional 583,806 billion
lire at end January against a downwards revised and still
provisional 593,827 billion in December 1986.
    Year-on-year, M-2A increased by a provisional 8.4 pct in
January, compared with a downwards revised and provisional 8.1
pct in December.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6970>
Liquidity in the Philippines rose in
December while loan demand and short-term lending rates fell,
the Central Bank said.
    A bank official said M-3 rose 9.72 pct to a provisional
149.80 billion pesos at the end of December from a month
earlier for a year-on-year gain of 12.72 pct.
    She said short-term bank lending rates fell to an
annualised 13.88 pct at the end of December, from 14.58 pct a
month earlier and 19.82 pct at the end of December 1985.
    Poor loan demand was illustrated by a rise in commercial
bank reserves, the official said.
    The bank official said commercial bank reserves were 22.19
billion pesos at the end of December, when reserves required
were 21.59 billion.
    She said the surplus of 597 mln pesos, compared with a
deficit of 390 mln pesos a month earlier and a deficit of 1.64
billion at the end of 1985, reflected political uncertainty in
the last quarter of 1986.
    Reserve money, the total available to monetary authorities,
was a provisional 52.58 billion pesos at the end of 1986. This
was 5.19 pct up from 49.98 billion at the end of November and
41.85 pct up from 37.09 billion in December 1985.
    The bank official noted M-3, which includes M-1 money
supply, plus savings, time deposits and deposit substitutes.
Was 132.88 billion pesos at the end of December 1985.
    M-1 money supply rose a provisional 17.3 pct to 42.86
billion pesos at the end of December 1986 from 36.52 billion a
month earlier. The year-on-year rise was 19.64 pct, up from
35.83 billion at the end of December 1985.
    The bank official said the broader M-2 measure, which
measures notes and coins in circulation plus savings and time
deposits, rose a provisional 9.7 pct to 140.88 billion pesos at
the end of December from 128.41 billion a month earlier. It
rose 13.35 pct from 124.27 billion at the end of December 1985.
    She said deposits with the commercial banking system rose
to just over 118 billion pesos at the end of December from
107.89 billion at the end of 1985 and 92.83 billion at the end
of 1984.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7012>
Clearing bank sterling lending to the
U.K. Private sector in February is estimated to have risen by
an underlying, seasonally-adjusted 1.6 billion stg after a 1.2
billion stg rise in January, the Banking Information Service
said.
    The unadjusted rise was 1.31 billion stg, compared with an
813 mln stg increase in January.
    The Banking Information Service said the adjusted rise of
1.6 billion stg was well above the recent monthly average of
about 1.0 billion stg.
    Of the increase, 297 mln stg was accounted for by personal
lending, which the Banking Information Service said was taken
up entirely by lending for home purchases.
    Lending for consumption fell around 17 mln stg while about
182 mln stg of credit card debt was repaid during the month.
    Lending to the manufacturing industry was up 370 mln stg,
and to leasing companies by 308 mln stg.
    The Banking Information Service said February fell within
the governmemnt tax season, so much of the lending was probably
the result of industry's need to pay its tax bills.
    Deposits by the private sector rose an unadjusted 1.1
billion stg in February and by a seasonally-adjusted 1.75
billion stg.
    Deposits from the public sector rose 185 mln stg in
February while deposits from overseas residents rose by 43 mln.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7014>
The main measure of U.K. Broad money,
sterling M3, grew a provisional, seasonally adjusted 2-1/4 pct
in February after a rise of 1.1 pct in January, the Bank of
England said.
    The narrow measure, M0, fell a provisional adjusted 3/4 to
one pct after a 0.6 pct drop in January, the Bank said.
    Unadjusted annual growth in sterling M3 was 18-3/4 to 19
pct in the 12 months to February against 17.6 pct in January
while M0 rose four to 4-1/4 pct after a 5.2 pct rise in
January.
    Seasonally adjusted, sterling bank lending grew 2.9 billion
stg after a January rise of 1.75 billion.
    Of the unadjusted counterparts to sterling M3, bank lending
to the private sector expanded 2.6 billion stg after a 1.4
billion rise in January, the Bank said.
    The public sector borrowing requirement (PSBR) contracted
by 300 mln stg after a contraction of 3.7 billion stg in
January.
    Funding - debt sales to the non-bank private sector and
external flows to the public sector - rose by 300 mln stg after
a 1.5 billion stg rise in January. Of this, central government
debt sales to the public sector were expansionary by 400 mln
stg after a 1.3 billion expansion in January, the Bank said.
    Other unadjusted counterparts to sterling M3 expanded by
300 mln stg in February after an expansion of 1.3 billion stg
in January, the Bank said.
    Unadjusted figures showed a rise in sterling M3 by 1-3/4 to
two pct in February after a drop of 0.8 pct in January.
    On the same basis, the figures showed a drop of about 1-1/2
pct in MO in February after a sharp 6-1/2 pct fall in January.
    The Bank said it would publish full, final figures on March
30.
    The Bank said non-bank private sector holdings of public
sector debt fell by about 400 mln stg in February while
external flows to the public sector were about 100 mln stg.
    Combined with a net PSBR repayment of about 300 mln stg,
the public sector contribution to the growth in sterling M3 was
therefore about flat, the Bank said.
    It said seasonally adjusted bank lending, at about 2.9
billion stg in February, compared with an average of about 2.6
billion stg a month over the preceding six months.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7029>
Liquidity in the Philippines rose in
December while loan demand and short-term lending rates fell,
the Central Bank said.
    A bank official said M-3 rose 9.72 pct to a provisional
149.80 billion pesos at the end of December from a month
earlier for a year-on-year gain of 12.72 pct.
    She said short-term bank lending rates fell to an
annualised 13.88 pct at the end of December, from 14.58 pct a
month earlier and 19.82 pct at the end of December 1985.
    Poor loan demand was illustrated by a rise in commercial
bank reserves, the official said.
    The bank official said commercial bank reserves were 22.19
billion pesos at the end of December, when reserves required
were 21.59 billion.
    She said the surplus of 597 mln pesos, compared with a
deficit of 390 mln pesos a month earlier and a deficit of 1.64
billion at the end of 1985, reflected political uncertainty in
the last quarter of 1986.
    Reserve money, the total available to monetary authorities,
was a provisional 52.58 billion pesos at the end of 1986. This
was 5.19 pct up from 49.98 billion at the end of November and
41.85 pct up from 37.09 billion in December 1985.
    The bank official noted M-3, which includes M-1 money
supply, plus savings, time deposits and deposit substitutes.
Was 132.88 billion pesos at the end of December 1985.
    M-1 money supply rose a provisional 17.3 pct to 42.86
billion pesos at the end of December 1986 from 36.52 billion a
month earlier. The year-on-year rise was 19.64 pct, up from
35.83 billion at the end of December 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7036>
Brisk increases in personal income and
consumption are to appear in February data released today, but
the bond market's recent sluggishness suggests there will be no
major price reaction unless the rises are much larger than
expected, economists said.
    Personal income is forecast to rise by 0.6 to 0.8 pct,
compared with no change in January, while consumption
expenditures are projected to increase 1.4 to 1.6 pct,
reversing most of the two pct drop recorded in January.
    M-1 money supply data for the March 9 week will also be
released. An increase of some 2.3 billion dlrs is expected.    
    Peter Greenbaum of Smith Barney, Harris Upham and Co Inc
expects a one pct rise in income, led by a strong gain in wage
and salary disbursements in February.
    Nonfarm payrolls expanded by 337,000 jobs in February, the
average workweek lengthened by 0.6 pct and hourly wages rose by
four cts, he noted in a report. Vigorous spending on durable
goods last month, especially cars, foreshadow a rise of at
least 1.5 pct in consumption, he added.
    The prospect of bearish data did not trouble the bond
market much yesterday, with the 30-year Treasury bond slipping
just 7/32 to 99-28/32 for a yield of 7.51 pct.
    Analysts said the market is still trapped in a narrow
range, desperately seeking direction.
    "Seasonally adjusted, it's already December in the bond
market," quipped Robert Brusca of Nikko Securities Co
International Inc.
    Paul Boltz of T. Rowe Price Associates Inc said the
steadiness of long bond yields around 7.5 pct, despite some
signs of a stronger economy, probably reflects expectations
that inflation will remain subdued.
    But he warned that this assumption might not be justified.
    "It took the bond market a long while to see that inflation
was not returning to double digits, and now that it has learned
that lesson, it may be a little slow to see that a four to five
pct inflation is a real possibility ahead," Boltz said in a
report.
    After trading late yesterday at 5-15/16 pct, Fed funds were
indicated by brokers to open comfortably at 5-15/16, six pct.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7313>
Slower than expected growth in Britain's
narrow M0 money supply measure in February will help spur a
further cut in U.K. Interest rates if a surge in sterling's
value requires such a move, economic analysts said.
    M0, the only targeted money supply measure left after
Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson scrapped the official
target for the broad sterling M3 measure in his 1987 budget
speech on Tuesday, fell an adjusted 3/4 to one pct in February.
    On an annual basis, this put M0 growth at four to 4-1/2
pct, in the middle of the 1987 target of two to six pct.
    "The M0 data are much better than we expected," said Robert
Thomas, economist at Greenwell Montagu Securities.
    He and other analysts said while the better than expected
M0 figures alone would not be sufficient to trigger a new
interest rate cut, they removed an obstacle to such a move.
    Thomas noted the rise in M0 had been kept in check despite
buoyant retail sales in February, advancing an adjusted 2.2 pct
after a fall of the same size in January.
    Analysts said the M0 measure, reflecting variations in
consumer demand rather than real inflation prospects, was not
an adequate indicator to determine interest rates.
    "The authorities still seem to want to pretend that M0 is
important ... In practice, it is likely to be the exchange rate
and the election which call the tune," Lloyds Merchant bank
chief economist Roger Bootle wrote in a budget comment.
    Richard Jeffrey, economist at stockbrokers Hoare Govett,
said in a comment: "It is unlikely that (Lawson) will respond to
signals from M0 alone ... Reinforcement from exchange rate
trends is necessary before action is taken."
    "With the Chancellor making clear that policy manoeuvres are
made in response to signals from this narrow money variable,
the City has been forced to take it seriously," he added.
    Noting this point, Thomas said market fears at the end of
last year of an M0 overshoot had now disappeared.
    This removed a potential obstacle to a further cut in U.K.
Base lending rates if foreign demand for sterling pushed up the
pound above unofficial targets, analysts said.
    Such targets are believed to have been secretly agreed
between finance ministers of the Group of Five and Canada at
their Paris meeting last month, they added.
  U.K. Base rates have been cut twice by half a point since the
Paris agreement, once on March 11, and again yesterday when
foreign demand for sterling surged in reaction to a sharp cut
in 1987 government borrowing targets contained in the budget.
    They stand at 10 pct now, and foreign exchange dealers and
analysts expect them to shed another half-point in the coming
week.
    Analysts shrugged off as largely irrelevant a higher than
expected increase in February sterling M3, which pushed the
annual growth rate to almost 19 pct, well above the previous
target of 11 to 15 pct.
    Thomas said the February figures seemed to indicate the
improvement in sterling M3 growth witnessed over the past few
months had been reversed, but firm conclusions could only be
drawn after revised data are released on March 31.
    Some analysts said foreign investors had long ceased to
watch the sterling M3 target, and Lawson's move to scrap it
altogether earlier this week removed whatever was left of its
credibility as a key factor in monetary policy.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7421>
Commercial and industrial loans on the
books of the 10 major New York banks, excluding acceptances,
fell 572 mln dlrs to 64.297 billion in the week ended March 11,
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York said.
    Including acceptances, loans fell 475 mln dlrs to 65.16
billion.
    Commercial paper outstanding nationally increased 2.98
billion dlrs to 339.00 billion.
    National business loan data are scheduled to be released on
Friday.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7428>
U.S. bank discount window borrowings
less extended credits averaged 228 mln dlrs in the week to
Wednesday March 18, the Federal Reserve said.
    Total borrowings in the week rose 83 mln dlrs to 502 mln
dlrs, with extended credits up three mln dlrs at 274 mln dlrs.
The week was the first half of a two-week statement period. Net
borrowing in the prior week averaged 148 mln dlrs.
    Commenting on the two-week statement period that ended on
March 11, the Fed estimated that banks had daily average net
free reserves of 759 mln dlrs rather than the 660 mln dlrs
first reported.
    A Fed spokesman told a press briefing that there were no
large single day net misses in the Fed's reserve projections in
the first week of the latest bank statement period.
    None of the 14 large money center banks borrowed from the
discount window during the week and all of the Wednesday
borrowing was made by the smallest banks. For the week as a
whole, the borrowing was split roughly evenly between the large
regionals and the small banks.
    Natural float ranged from a low of near zero on Thursday --
for which the Fed spokesman could give no particular reason --
to a high of nearly 750 mln dlrs on Tuesday.
    The Tuesday peak included about 100 mln dlrs of
transportation float in mid- and south-Atlantic states. Noting
that the weather was "basically good" for March, the spokesman
said that transportation float averaged under 500 mln dlrs a
day for the full week.
    Float related as-ofs were a negative 400 mln dlrs on
Wenesday due to a number of unrelated cash letter error
corrections in five districts.
    As-ofs peaked at just over 500 mln dlrs on Tuesday.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7437>
U.S. M-1 money supply rose 500 mln
dlrs to a seasonally adjusted 738.7 billion dlrs in the March 9
week, the Federal Reserve said.
    The previous week's M-1 level was revised to 738.2 billion
dlrs from 738.0 billion, while the four-week moving average of
M-1 rose to 738.2 billion dlrs from 737.2 billion.
    Economists polled by Reuters said that M-1 would be
anywhere from unchanged to up five billion dlrs. The average
forecast called for a 2.3 billion dlr increase.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7499>
Latest Federal Reserve data suggest
that the U.S. banking system is flush with reserves going into
a period of traditional tightness and that overall monetary
policy is on hold, economists said.
    "There is ample liquidity.... The Fed is not going to shift
gears at the present time or for at least another month," said
Maria Ramirez of Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc.
    "Technical and seasonal considerations aside, there is
nothing for the (credit) market to get excited about," added
Robert di Clemente of Salomon Brothers Inc.
    Adjusted bank borrowings from the Fed's discount window
averaged only 228 mln dlrs a day in the first week of the bank
statement period ending next Wednesday, compared with 233 mln
and 451 mln in the first weeks of the previous two periods.
    Another sign of abundant liquidity was the upward revision
in banks' net free reserves in the two-week period to March 11
to a daily average of 759 mln dlrs from an estimated 660 mln.
    Finally, a Fed spokesman told a press briefing that the 14
money center banks were absent from the Fed's discount window
for the third week running, with the latest week's borrowing
split between the large regional and the smaller banks.
    While modest open market intervention was apparently enough
to defuse any funding pressures in the first week of the latest
statement period, economists predicted that the Fed would have
to be more aggressive in coming weeks.
    The Fed injected temporary reserves directly and indirectly
on four of the five trading days via system and customer
repurchase agreements.
    "Fed funds will be coming under relatively intense
pressure," said Salomon's di Clemente, noting the approaching
month- and quarter-end and the round of holidays and tax dates
in April.
    "The Fed is faced with a large seasonal adding
requirement," said Ward McCarthy of Merrill Lynch and Co Inc,
who expects a permanent bill purchase next week and a coupon
purchase in early April.
    Economists were also heartened by further signs of a
deceleration in money supply growth, not only in the largely
discredited M-1 gauge but also in the more closely watched M-2
and M-3 aggregates.
    M-1 grew a mere 500 mln dlrs in the week to March nine,
compared with private forecasts of a 2.3 mln dlr rise. Weekly
M-2 and M-3 components also hinted at slower overall growth.
    "The M-1 increase was surprisingly modest and I suspect we
are on our way to another moderate set of M-2 and M-3 figures
for March," said Salomon's di Clemente. Merrill's McCarthy said
they could even come in below the bottom of their respective
target ranges.
    In February, M-2 was 18.2 billion dlrs below its upper
limit and M-3 was 20.8 billion beneath.
    Noting Fed Vice Chairman Johnson's encouraging remarks on
inflation today and recent interest rate cuts overseas, some
economists suggested this slowing in monetary growth could lend
support to calls for further accommodation here.
    "Our belief is that we could still get a move downwards in
rates before anything else," said Salomon's di Clemente, adding
that the key swing factor will continue to be the strength of
the U.S. economy.
    Jeffrey Leeds of Chemical Bank agreed that the economy's
health would remain the main influence on policy but, contrary
to di Clemente, he said that recent signs of faster growth and
inflation could lead to higher rates first.
    Drexel's Ramirez did not commit herself either way, adding
that the next major move may have to wait until April 14 when
February's U.S. trade data are due for release.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7555>
West German M3 money supply rose a
seasonally adjusted 2.6 billion marks in February to 1,035.1
billion, the Bundesbank said.
    The rise compares with a revised 14.8 billion mark increase
in January and a 2.2 billion rise in February 1986.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7587>
The Bank of Spain suspended its daily
money market assistance and offered to drain funds with three-
and seven-day repurchase agreements at 12-1/2 pct, money market
sources said.
    The sources said the measures were a further attempt to
rein in money supply and were likely to force some institutions
to scramble for funds before the 10-day accounting period for
reserve requirements closes on Monday.
    The bank, which raised its rate for ordinary overnight
assistance to 13-3/4 from 13-1/2 pct on Wednesday, opened its
special borrowing facility for overnight funds at 14-1/2 pct.
    Money market sources said institutions in need of funds
were likely to have to return to the bank tomorrow for further
assistance.
    The bank rarely invites applications for ordinary
assistance on a Saturday and the sources said it was more
likely to open its special borrowing facility again.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7674>
South African year-on-year broadly
defined M-3 money supply growth slowed to 8.62 pct in January
from 9.32 pct in December, Reserve Bank figures show.
    M-3 fell to 77.98 billion rand in January from 79.31
billion in December, while preliminary February figures show
M-3 at 79.42 billion rand for a year-on-year rise of 10.63 pct.
    M-2 showed a rise of 5.09 pct for January at 55.68 billion
rand after 4.30 pct in December, M-1 16.72 pct at 5.12 billion
after 12.80 pct and M-1A 22.79 pct at 14.30 billion rand after
20.54 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7767>
West Germany's money supply growth
slowed in February after January's sharp rise but the trend is
still definitely upward, the Bundesbank said in a statement.
    Growth in the traditionally broad M3 aggregate was only
moderate in February. While cash in circulation, deposits with
statutory withdrawal notice and sight deposits grew sharply,
short-term time deposits fell after expanding unusually
strongly in January.
    In the six months to February, M3, which excludes holdings
of German non-banks abroad, grew at a seasonally adjusted
annual rate of 8.5 pct after 9.8 in the six months to January.
    Compared with February 1986, M3 rose 7-1/2 pct.
    In the six months to February, M2, which excludes time
deposits with statutory withdrawal notice, rose at a seasonally
adjusted annual rate of 8.8 pct and M1, which consists of cash
and sight deposits, rose seven pct.
    International transactions of non-banks again led to a
significant inflow of funds, the Bundesbank said.
    Net claims of commercial banks and the Bundesbank against
foreigners, refecting these foreign payments, increased by 9.1
billion marks in February, little changed from January's rise.
    But in contrast to January, the dampening effect of the
inflow on domestic credit demand outweighed the expansionary
effect on money growth, the Bundesbank said.
    Outstanding bank credits to companies and private
individuals remained virtually unchanged in February.
    A sharp drop in short-term company credits, which reflected
the foreign funds inflow, was balanced by a moderate rise in
long-term credits and a sharp rise in credits for securities.
    At the end of February total bank credits to the private
sector were 4-1/2 pct above the February 1986 level.
    The effect of public authority cash movements on the money
supply was slightly expansive, the Bundesbank said.
    Although banks acquired large amounts of public authority
paper, public authorities drew down book credits at commercial
banks and the Bundesbank.
    Capital formation strengthened in February and slowed money
supply growth to a larger extent than in January.
    A total of 7.7 billion marks in long-term funds was placed
with banks after 6.6 billion the previous month.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7818>
Canadian narrowly-defined money supply
M-1 fell 1.16 billion dlrs to 32.94 billion dlrs in week ended
March 11, Bank of Canada said.
    M-1-A, which is M-1 plus daily interest chequable and
non-personal deposits, fell 1.31 billion dlrs to 75.39 billion
dlrs and M-2, which is M-1-A plus other notice and personal
fixed-term deposit fell 1.01 billion dlrs to 177.70 billion
dlrs.
    M-3, which is non-personal fixed term deposits and foreign
currency deposits of residents booked at chartered banks in
Canada, fell 1.29 billion dlrs to 216.33 billion dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7980>
Business loans on the books of major
U.S. banks, excluding acceptances, fell 660 mln dlrs to 277.93
billion dlrs in the week ended March 11, the Federal Reserve
Board said.
    The Fed said that business loans including acceptances
declined 492 mln dlrs to 280.56 billion dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8636>
The Central Bank said it issued 4.96
billion dlrs worth of certificates of deposit (CDs) today,
after issuing 4.03 billion of similar CDs yesterday, bringing
the total value of CD issues in 1987 to 139.46 billion.
    The new CDs, with maturities of six months, one year and
two years, carry interest rates ranging from 4.07 pct to 5.12
pct, a bank official told Reuters.
    The issues are designed to help curb the growth of m-1b
money supply, which is expanding as a result of large foreign
exchange reserves.
    The reserves hit a record 53 billion U.S. Dlrs yesterday.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8723>
The Bank of Spain raised overnight call
money rates by 1/4 to 14 pct on demand for 746 billion pesetas
in today's auction, which a bank spokesman termed "heavy."
    Rates stood at 12.1 pct at the start of the year and have
been increased to drain liquidity on rising demands for funds,
the spokesman said.
    He said in reply to Reuters inquiries that rates could rise
further if money supply growth rose above this year's eight pct
target for M-4, defined as liquid assets in public hands.
    Money supply rose at an annualised rate of 16.7 pct last
month against 8.1 pct in January. Growth was 11.4 pct in 1986.
    A leading Spanish broker said the central bank was applying
a more restrictive policy to keep the lid on inflation.
    The consumer price index rose 8.3 pct last year.
    "Money supply control is the government's chief weapon
against inflation," he said. "The problem is higher rates are
attracting liquidity from abroad."
    He said this was why the central bank enacted specific
measures to control the inflow of foreign capital. The Bank of
Spain earlier this month imposed a 19 pct reserve requirement
on new convertible peseta funds held by banks to curb
short-term speculative capital from abroad.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9107>
The annual growth of Australia's m3
money supply rose by 11.2 pct in the year ended February
compared with January's 10.7 pct, the Reserve Bank said.
    This was down from 14.0 pct in February last year.
    In February m3 rose by 0.6 pct compared with 0.8 in January
and a February 1986 rise of 0.1 pct.
 More
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9178>
Taiwan's M-1B money supply rose a
seasonally adjusted 48.22 pct in the year to end-February,
after rising 54.96 pct in the year to January, a central bank
spokesman said.
    Month on month, M1-B fell 5.19 pct from January.
    Unadjusted February M1-B was 1,168 billion dlrs against
1,232 billion in January and 788 billion in February 1986.
    Money supply grew faster in January because the central
bank issued more currency for bonus payments made to workers at
the Lunar New Year, which fell on January 29 this year, banking
sources said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9700>
New Zealand's broadly defined,
seasonally adjusted M-3 money supply grew an estimated 2.4 pct
in January against a 3.4 pct (revised from 3.6) rise in
December and a 0.7 pct rise in January 1986.
    It said unadjusted M-3 increased to an estimated 30.13
billion N.Z. Dlrs from 30.08 (revised from 30.06) billion in
December and 25.18 billion in January 1986.
    Year-on-year M-3 rose 19.66 pct in January from 17.80 pct
(revised from 17.77) in December and 20.10 pct in January 1986.
    Narrowly defined year-on-year M-1 growth was 21.94 pct in
January against 15.89 pct in December and 14.10 pct a year
earlier.
    M-1 grew to an estimated 4.72 billion dlrs against 5.03
billion in December and 3.87 billion in January 1986.
    Year-on-year private sector credit, PSC, grew 31.07 pct in
January against 30.64 pct (revised from 30.68) in December and
21.40 pct in January 1986. PSC grew to 22.69 billion dlrs from
22.24 billion in December and 17.31 billion in January 1986.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9752>
Taiwan has over one trillion Taiwan dlrs
in savings, official statistics show.
    Figures released yesterday show all forms of savings by
individuals and public and private firms, including bank
deposits, certificates of deposits and bond's, are running at
about 37 pct of gross national product (GNP).
    GNP rose by 14.35 pct in 1986 to 2.74 trillion dlrs.
    Taiwan's strict foreign exchange controls and lack of
incentives to invest abroad mean its huge export earnings are
mainly deposited in bank savings accounts, earning below four
pct interest each year.
 REUTER
</BODY>
