<BODY DOCID=176>
Liquefied natural gas imports from
Algeria are unlikely to happen in 1987 even though its
economically feasible, U.S. industry analysts sources said.
    Youcef Yousfi, director-general of Sonatrach, the Algerian
state petroleum agency, indicated in a television interview in
Algiers that such imports would be made this year.
    "Contract negotiations, filing with the U.S. government and
the time required to restart mothballed terminals will delay
the import until 1988/1989," Daniel Tulis, a natural gas
analyst with Shearson Lehman Bros. said.
    Sonatrach is currently negotiating with two of its former
customers, Panhandle Eastern &lt;PEL> and Distrigas, a subsidiary
of Cabot Corp &lt;CBT> to resume LNG export, company officials
told Reuters. A third, El Paso Gas, a subsidiary of Burlington
Northern &lt;BNI>, has expressed no interest.
    Industry analysts said some imports of Algerian LNG were
feasible. "On a marginal cost basis, the companies that have
made capital investment to handle LNG import can operate
profitably even in the current price environment,"  Frank
Spadine, an energy economist with Bankers Trust, said.
   Analysts did not forsee a major impact from Algerian imports
on U.S. prices which are currently soft but expected to trend
higher by the end of 1987.
    A decline in gas drilling and the time lag to bring Gulf of
Mexico productions onstream will tighten gas supplies and firm
prices, Shearson's Tulis said.
   In this context, Algerian LNG import would be a source of
supplemental supply to U.S. domestic production, he added.
    Company sources currently in talks with Algeria agree,
saying that Algerian LNG would only serve to meet peak demand.
    Company sources also said that any negotiations with
Algeria would emphasize looser arrangements which would relate
volumes to market requirements and prices to U.S. spot market
values.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=544>
Panhandle Eastern Corp's Trunkline Gas
Co pipeline subsidiary said it is reducing the commodity
component of its wholesale natural gas rate four pct, effective
immediately.
    In a filing with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission,
Trunkline said, it is reducing its commodity rate -- the
portion of the total rate based on the price of gas -- to 2.58
dlrs per mln Btu from 2.69 dlrs per mln Btu.
    The company said the lower rate results from a reduction in
the average price the pipeline is paying for gas, adding this
reflects contract reformation agreemats with producers.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=708>
Argentine crude oil production was
down 10.8 pct in January 1987 to 12.32 mln barrels, from 13.81
mln barrels in January 1986, Yacimientos Petroliferos Fiscales
said.
    January 1987 natural gas output totalled 1.15 billion cubic
metrers, 3.6 pct higher than 1.11 billion cubic metres produced
in January 1986, Yacimientos Petroliferos Fiscales added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1619>
Standard Oil Co said the Friendswood
Development Number One well in the Fostoria or Deep Wilcox
Field of Montgomery County, Texas, flowed 4,500,000 cubic feet
of natural gas per day from depths of 14,252 to 14,486 feet
through a 14/64 inch choke.
    It said it has contracted for Perry Gas Cos Inc to purchase
natural gas from the well, and Perry will build a four-inch
gathering pipeline to connect to Natural Gas Pipeline Co's
transmission line.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1661>
&lt;Sterling Investment Group>
said it successfully drilled and completed a significant
development well 65 miles southwest of Houston, Texas.
    The well has a choke of 11/64 of an inch and is 10,097 feet
deep.
    The well initially tested at a maximum daily flow rate of
two mln cubic feet of gas and 304 barrels of condensate.
    Participants in the new well, along with Sterling, are
Trafalgar House Ltd of the U.K. and &lt;Texstar NOrth America Inc.>
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1709>
Resource Exploration Inc said it has
agreed to let &lt;Langasco Energy Corp> drill 50 oil and
natural gas wells on its Clinton Sandstone formation within its
Tuscarawas and Harrison County, Ohio area of operation.
    Resource said it would receive a cash payment and an
overriding royalty interest on oil and gas production from
wells drilled on the property.
    Resource said gas produced from the property will be
transported through its existing pipeline. Also, Resource said
it will provide service work to complete the wells and it will
operate the wells after they are completed.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10011>
Canadian oil exports rose 20 pct in 1986
over the previous year to 33.96 mln cubic meters, while oil
imports soared 25.2 pct to 20.58 mln cubic meters, Statistics
Canada said.
    Production, meanwhile, was unchanged from the previous year
at 91.09 mln cubic feet.
    Natural gas exports plunged 19.4 pct to 21.09 billion cubic
meters, while Canadian sales slipped 4.1 pct to 48.09 billion
cubic meters.
    The federal agency said that in December oil production
fell 4.0 pct to 7.73 mln cubic meters, while exports rose 5.2
pct to 2.84 mln cubic meters and imports rose 12.3 pct to 2.1
mln cubic meters.
    Natural gas exports fell 16.3 pct in the month 2.51 billion
cubic meters and Canadian sales eased 10.2 pct to 5.25 billion
cubic meters.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10190>
Standard Oil Co expects the sale of
assets and federal tax refunds resulting from last year's loss
to add about one billion dlrs to its normal cash flows from
operations in 1987, its annual report said.
    Last year, the report noted, the cash flow from operations
dropped to 1.8 billion dlrs from 3.5 billion dlrs in 1985 and
3.2 billion dlrs in 1984 due principally to lower oil prices.
    The report, prepared before British Petroleum Co Plc &lt;BP>
disclosed plans to seek the rest of Standard's stock, put 1987
capital spending at 1.6 billion dlrs, down from the 1.7 billion
dlrs projected in January.
    Standard's capital spending totaled 1.77 billion dlrs in
1986.
    The report showed a decline in proven oil reserves to 2.41
billion barrels at the end of 1986 from 2.65 billion barrels a
year earlier as discoveries and other additions dropped to 11.4
mln barrels last year from 23.2 mln in 1985.
    But it said gas reeserves rose to 7.31 trillion cubic feet
from 7.22 trillion at the end of 1985 despite a 30.9 mln cubic
feet downward revision in previous reserve estimates during
1986. Discoveries and other additions totaled 200.5 billion
cubic feet last year, up from 175.9 billion in 1985, it added.
    Standard said both oil and gas production increased last
year -- to 726,600 barrels per day from 719,700 barrels the
previous day and to 154.4 mln cubic feet daily from 10.1 mln in
1985.
    But the average sales price of both dropped -- to 13.83
dlrs per barrel from 26.43 dlrs for oil in 1985 and to 1.49
dlrs per thousand cubic feet from 2.18 dlrs a year earlier.
    Standard said its refined product sales also rose last
year, to 644,500 barrels per day from 604,200 barrels daily in
1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10228>
Top executives with Tenneco Corp &lt;TGT>
and Sabine Corp &lt;SAB> said they expected world oil prices to
gradually increase over the next two years as U.S. reliance on
imports of oil from the Middle East grows.
     "I believe we have bottomed out and can look forward to a
trend of gradually increasing prices," C.W. Nance, president of
Tenneco Oil Exploration and Production, told a meeting of the
Petroleum Equipment Suppliers Association.
     Nance predicted that by 1990, the Organization of
Producing and Exporting Countries would be producing at the
rate of 80 pct of capacity.
    The gain will come largely through increased imports to the
United States, he said.
    "They will be able to raise the price again but I do not
think they will raise it as much as they did in 1979," Nance
said. He did not say how much of a price hike he expected.
     Andrew Shoup, chairman of Dallas-based Sabine, predicted
that world oil prices would increase from a range of 15 to 20
dlrs a barrel in 1987 to a range of 17 to 22 dlrs a barrel in
1988. Natural gas prices, Shoup said, should similarly climb
from a range of 1.30 to 1.70 dlrs per mcf this year to between
1.50 and 1.90 dlrs per mcf in 1988.
     "Fuel switching could help us as much as five pct in
increased demand," Shoup said, referring to the gas industry's
outlook for 1987. Repeal of the Fuel Use Act, a federal law
prohibiting the use of natural gas in new manufacturing plants
and utilities, could increase demand for gas by as much as 15
pct, he said.
     Tenneco's Nance also said that some U.S. cities may
experience peak day shortages in natural gas supplies next
winter because of the industry's reduced deliverability.
     Tenneco's gas deliverability, for example, dropped by 20
pct during 1986, he said.
     "This does not mean the gas bubble is gone," Nance said.
"We believe gas prices have bottomed out. The real question is
how broad the valley is -- is it one year, two years or three
years before we start to climb out?"
      J.C. Walter of &lt;Walter Oil and Gas Corp>, said the recent
improvement in oil prices was not enough for independent
producers to begin new onshore drilling projects.
     "If crude oil stays below 20 dlrs a barrel and 1.50 dlr
per mcf for natural gas prevails, the prospects for onshore
exploration at deeper depths in the Texas Gulf Coast by
independents in the 1990s are pretty dismal," Walter said.
     He suggested that some independents may instead turn to
exploration in shallow federal offshore leases. Farm-out
agreements, cheap rig rates and less competition have held
finding costs in those areas to five or six dlrs a barrel,
Walter said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10521>
Noble Affiliates Inc said it
found natural gas on Ship Shoal 80, located about 10 miles
offshore Louisiana in the Gulf of Mexico.
    The discovery well, Samedan Oil Corp's OCS-G 5537 Well
Number One, was drilled in 25 feet of water to a total depth of
7,500 feet and found 38 feet of net gas pay in a 48-foot gross
sand interval, the company said.
    The well tested gas at a rate of 6.2 mln cubic feet a day
through a 26/64-inch choke with 1,548 pounds flowing tubing
pressure. Gas sales should begin in the first quarter of 1988,
it said.
    Samedan, a Noble unit, is operator and owns a 60 pct
working interest in the well. Other owners are a New England
Electric System &lt;NES> unit, with a 25 pct stake, and
Southwestern Energy Production Co, with 15 pct.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10567>
Consumer energy costs rose 1.9 pct
in February following a sharp rise last month, the Labor
Department said.
    The February increase in the overall energy costs,
including petroleum, coal and natural gas, followed a 0.2 pct
drop in December and a 3.0 pct rise in January, it said.
    Energy prices were 12.2 pct below year-ago levels.
    The department's Consumer Price Index showed that the cost
of gasoline rose in February by 4.2 pct, after a 6.6 pct rise
in January.
    Gasoline prices were nonetheless 18.0 pct below their
levels as of February 1986.
    Also, the category including fuel oil, coal and bottled gas
rose in February by 3.8 pct, putting it 14.9 pct under the
year-ago figure.
    The index also showed that natural gas and electricity were
unchanged last month, but down 3.5 pct from the February 1986
figure, the department said.
    The index has been updated  o reflect 1982-84 consumption
patterns; previously, the index was based on 1972-73 patterns.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11093>
Arkla Inc said it and
International Paper Co &lt;IP> filed a proposal with the Arkansas
Public Service Commission designed to resolve the dispute
between the two over IP's plan to build natural gas pipelines
for its paper mill facilities at Pine Bluff and Camden.
    Arkla's pipeline division, Arkla Energy Resources,
currently delivers all of the natural gas consumed at the two
mills.
    Under the proposal, Arkla will support IP's plan to build
the alternate pipelines, while IP will allow Arkla's pipeline
division to deliver an equal quantity of competitively priced
supplies to other IP facilities.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11231>
CSR Ltd has made a bold move in selling
its oil and gas interests for almost a billion dlrs and
ploughing 150 mln into its traditional sugar business, share
analysts said.
    CSR said it had dropped plans to float its oil and gas
interests held in the Delhi Australia Fund and would instead
sell them to Exxon Corp unit Esso Exploration and Production
Australia Inc for 985 mln dlrs.
    In a twin announcement CSR, already Australia's largest
sugar refiner, made a 2.20 dlr a share bid for the 70 pct it
does not already hold in Pioneer Sugar Mills Ltd.
    A float of part of Delhi would have raised between 200 and
300 mln dlrs, but in opting to sell outright CSR had given
itself the cash to all but eliminate its debt and embark on an
ambitious expansion programme in its best-performing divisions
of sugar and building products, analysts said.
    The Pioneer Sugar investment would give CSR by far the
largest stake in Australia's 850 mln dlr a year sugar industry
and access to some of the best sugar properties and mills in
the country, they said. Pioneer Sugar was expected to recommend
acceptance of the bid, through which CSR would benefit from the
bottoming out of a cyclical downturn in sugar prices.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11350>
Exxon Corp said in its annual report
that it raised production in 1986 although it did not replace
all oil and gas produced.
    The company said that it added about four pct to production
bringing it to 1.8 mln bpd, the highest level since 1979, based
largely on increased production of oil overseas but additions
to its reserves from new discoveries and reserve acquisitions
did not replace all of the oil and gas produced.
    The company said that the average price for oil and gas
declined 41 pct in 1986 from the previous year sparking a 38
pct decline in its earnings from exploration and production.
    Exxon's earnings from exploration and production in 1986
fell to 3.1 billion dlrs from 4.9 billion dlrs in 1985.
    Exxon said that its principal gains in production came from
the Gulf of Mexico, Alaska, the North Sea, Malaysia and from
oil sands in Canada.
    Exxon also said that it acquired 11.2 mln acres for
expoloration spread over 10 countries including the U.S, Europe
and the Far East.
    But capital expenditures for exploration and production
were cut to 4.6 billion dlrs from 7.6 billion the previous year
and further reductions were expected in 1987.
    Exxon said that its net share of crude oil and natural gas
liquids produced from offshore fields in the North Sea reached
a new high of 422,000 bpd.
    The light, sweet crudes produced from these North Sea
fields also gave the company trading gains as Exxon was able to
sell much of this crude and replace it with cheaper, lower
quality crude oil for its refineries which have been upgraded
over the past several years.
    The trading gains and lower acquisition costs gave Exxon
more of a spread in its refinery operations and added to
earnings gains from refining and marketing.
    Exxon said earnings from refining and marketing operations
rose to nearly two billion dlrs in 1986, up from 872 mln dlrs
in 1985.
    The company said petroleum sales slipped slightly to 4.043
mln barrels per day from 4.082 mln bpd in 1985 while crude runs
rose to 3.0 mln bpd from 2.9 mln bpd the previous year.
    Exxon's refinery operations benefited from a three year 500
mln dlr upgrading program to its Baytown, Texas refinery
completed last October and an 850 mln dlr upgrading project in
Rotterdam both of which emphasize utilizing lower grade crudes
to extract higher proportions of light products.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11466>
Southwestern Energy Co said
it reached an agreement with Arkla Energy Resources for Arkla
to carry gas owned by Southwestern subsidiaries.
    Under the agreement, the interstate pipeline division of
Arkla Inc will carry up to 25 mln cubic feet of gas a day until
Dec 31, 1987, and, subject to capacity, up to 50 mln cubic feet
a day in 1988 and 75 mln feet a day for the rest of the pact.
    Payment terms vary depending on the type of service
provided, a Southwestern spokesman said.
    The deal is effective March one, 1987, expires July one,
1997, and is renewable yearly thereafter, he said.
    The pact calls for transmission of gas owned by Arkansas
Western Gas Co, Seeco Inc, Arkansas Gas Gathering Co and
Southwestern Energy Production Co, Southwestern Energy said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11632>
Devon Resource Investors said as
of January one, its estimated proven reserves increased
by 443,000 net equivalent barrels to 32.4 billion cubic feet of
natural gas and 660,000 barrels of oil, compared with 29.5 bcf
of gas and 700,500 barrels of oil as of Jan one, 1986.
    Devon said that its estimated future net revenues
attributable to reserves is about 58 mln dlrs with a present
value, discounted at 10 pct, of 38 mln dlrs.
    It also said that it expects to have sufficient cash flow
to cover its annual payout of 60 ct per unit and expand its
drilling budget in 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12313>
British Petroleum Co plc said it raised
its posted butane prices by 15.50 dlrs per tonne to 123 dlrs,
fob north sea, effective today.
    Posted propane prices were unchanged at 110 dlrs per tonne,
the company said.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12728>
Remaining recoverable gas reserves in
the areas held by the Santos Ltd &lt;STOS.S>-led Cooper Basin
joint ventures have been upgraded to 2,721.7 billion cubic feet
(bcf) from the 2,466 estimated last May, Santos said.
    The upgrading followed a re-review by consultant &lt;Coles
Nikiforuk Pennell Associates> in light of the large number of
gas finds since May 1986, Santos said in a statement.
    This means that total contractual commitments of 2,455.5
bcf to &lt;The Australian Gas Light Co> of New South Wales and the
Pipeline Authority of South Australia can be met with spare gas
available for sale in South Australia, it said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12851>
Nerco Inc said it has agreed to
acquire a 47 pct working interest in the Broussard Gas Field in
southern Louisiana from privately-owned &lt;Davis Oil Co> for
about 22.5 mln dlrs in cash.
    Nerco said the interest being purchased will give it
estimated proven oil and gas reserves equal to six billion
cubic feet of natural gas. The property includes six gas wells,
one oil well two undeveloped drilling locations, a central
production facility and a gas gathering system.
    Nerco is 90 pct owned by PacifiCorp &lt;PPW>.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13102>
Texas Petroleum Corp said it issued 14.4
mln shares of restricted common stock in exchange for oil and
gas properties and joint ventures located in the U.S. and
overseas.
    The properties were acquired from &lt;North American Oil and
Gas Corp> and Texas Petroleum Corp in Canada, the company said.
It added the acquisitions were the first step toward creating
an oil and gas exploration and development enterprise.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13130>
International LPG prices were mixed in
the past week, with North Sea prices easier while prices in the
Mediterranean and the Gulf were up in April, traders said.
    In the North Sea market, small cargoes of propane were sold
as high as 126 dlrs per tonne on the f.o.b. basis early in the
week, but prices eased after the majors posted their April
contract prices, traders said.
    British Petroleum plc &lt;BP> left propane unchanged at 110
dlrs and raised butane prices 5.50 dlrs to 123 dlrs, Shell, a
unit of Royal Dutch/Shell Group &lt;RD> &lt;ST> raised propane three
dlrs to 113 and butane 5.50 dlrs to 123 dlrs, they said.
    In the Mediterranean, prices firm in Lavera as Algerian
supplies were not always available. Spot propane was unchanged,
while butane rose about 25 dlrs from last week, traders said.
    They said, however, the Mediterranean butane market was
very thin, making it subject to wide price swings.
    In the Gulf, strong demand from the Far East pushed premium
on small cargoes five to 10 dlrs above government selling price
(gsp) for propane and 10 dlrs for butane, traders said. 
    The rising premium over gsp, however, was partially offset
by about 10 pct decline in shipping, making prices for propane
about unchanged and butane five dlrs higher, basis c. and f.
Japan, the traders said.
SPOT.(DLRS/TONNE)......PROPANE..............BUTANE...........
NORTH SEA (FOB)........113/117..............125/130..........
NORTH SEA (CIF)........120/125..............135/140..........
MEDITERRANEAN.(CIF)....140/145..............175/180..........
THE GULF (FOB).........130/135..............140/145..........
JAPAN (C AND F)........155/160..............160/165..........
OFFICIAL PRICES-FOB..........................................
SAUDI ARABIA (3/1)........125.................125............
ALGERIA......(3/1)........120.................130............
BP/POSTED PRICE.(4/1).....110.................123.00.........
SHELL/POSTED PRICE.(4/1)..113.................123.00.........
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13702>
Kaneb Energy Partners Ltd, 82 pct owned
by Kaneb Services Inc &lt;KAB>, said a juiry in Circuit Court of
Tuscaloosa County, Ala., has ruled in its favor and that of Jim
Walter Corp &lt;JWC> against Sonat Inc &lt;SNT> in a dispute over a
natural gas sales contract.
    The company said the suit was filed seekiong to enforce
Sonat's obligations under the contract to pay for methane gas
produced by the Brookwood Coal Degasificiation Project in the
Black Warrior Basin of Alabama, which is equally owned by Kaneb
and Jim Walter.
    Kaneb said the jury awarded it and Jim Walter about 22 mln
dlrs for required payments for deliveries through January 1987
plus interest through March 16 -- the full amount sought -- and
rejected Sonat's counterclaim of fraud.
    It said the decision may be appealed.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2007>
&lt;Orbit Oil and Gas Ltd> said
the value of its oil and gas reserves increased by 19 pct to
52.6 mln dlrs from 44.2 mln dlrs reported at year-end 1985,
according to an independent appraisal.
    Orbit said it has reserves of 2.4 mln barrels of oil and
natural gas liquids and 67.2 billion cubic feet of natural gas.
    In addition, 75 pct owned &lt;Sienna Resources Ltd> has
Canadian reserves of 173,000 barrels of oil and 1.6 bcf of
natural gas with a current value of 2.2 mln dlrs, Orbit said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2394>
Endevco Inc said it has agreed to acquire
a 17.5-mile, 16-inch pipeline in Marion and Pearl River
Counties, Mississippi, for undisclosed terms.
    The company said the pipeline was recently constructed from
the Poplarville gas field in Pearl River County to a proposed
interconnect with a pipeline operated by Occidental Petroleum
Corp's &lt;OXY> United Gas Pipe Line Co subsidiary in Marion
County but has nmot been placed in service.
    Endevco said it plans to extend its existing Mississippi
Fuel Co System in southern Mississippi 18 miles to the new
pipeline.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2480>
The Federal Energy Regulatory
Commission (FERC) issued a proposed policy statement for the 
recovery of take-or-pay costs imposed by existing natural gas
contracts between producers and pipelines.
    It put out the statement, by 5-0 vote, for a 30-day comment
period. It also put out an alternative policy statement by
Commissioner Charles Stalon.
    FERC said in a press release that "the proposed policy
statement estblishes an exception to the commission's general
policy that take-or-pay buy-out and buy-down costs must be
recovered through pipeline' commodity sales rates."
    FERC added that "specifically, in cases where pipelines
assume an equitable share of buy-out or buy-down costs, the
commission proposes to permit the pipelines to recover the
remaining costs through their demand rates."
    It said it wanted guidelines for buying out and reforming
existing contracts to help spread the impact of these
take-or-pay costs in a responsible, fair and equitable way.
    Commission chairwoman Martha Hesse said "this proposal
represents the commission's sincere attempt to help the
industry through this difficult period of transition to a more
competitive market."
    Hesse said "it is my hope that our proposed policy will
encourage and guide the timely resolution of take-or-pay
contractual disputes that have impeded the industry's
transition to a more competitive environment.  It is vital to
the industry that we get this problem behind us."
 reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2511>
The Reagan administration wants to
encourage expanded trade with the Soviet Union but does not
believe Moscow yet warrants most-favored-nation treatment,
Deputy Secretary of State John Whitehead said.
    "It seems to me that more trade between us is better than
less trade," he told a forum on U.S.-Soviet trade relations.
    To that end, the administration in January allowed foreign
policy controls on the export of oil and gas equipment to the
Soviet Union to lapse, he said.
    Also, Washington and its allies are reviewing remaining
export controls in hopes of simplifying the list of prohibited
items and speeding up the licensing process, he said.
    Whitehead said, however, the prefential treatment that
comes with most-favored-nation status is out for the moment.
    U.S. law prohibits most-favored-nation status for countries
that restrict emigration and other rights.
    "What we have seen so far (in improved rights under Soviet
Leader Mikhail Gorbachev) are promising trends," he said.
    But, he added: "We don't know if they will continue, we
don't know how significant they will be."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2515>
South Africa's state-owned energy
firm Soekor said it would continue tests after striking oil
some 120 kms (75 miles) south-southwest of Mossel Bay.
    During production tests, about 5,000 barrels of oil and
five mln cubic feet of gas per day were produced, it said.
    "This oil discovery will be followed-up as soon as possible
by further seismic surveys and drilling. Should further
drilling and tests in the area yield positive results oil
production from a floating platform could be considered."
    Director General of Mineral and Energy Affairs Louw Alberts
announced the strike earlier but said it was uneconomic.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2923>
The U.N. Centre on Transnational
Corporations has issued a report containing guidelines and
recommendations for negotiating natural gas clauses in
agreements between transnational petroleum corporations and
host countries.
    The U.N. said the report was aimed at promoting petroleum
exploration in areas perceived as being gas prone. The 49-page
report contains an in-depth examination of the problems of gas
developoment and looks at different ways in which contractual
terms might deal with the risks in gas development associated
with pricing, marketing and volume.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3015>
Estimated oil and gas drilling
completions in the United States dropped by almost 41 per cent
in 1986 from 1985, the American Petroleum Institute said.
    API, an industry group, said that of the 42,387 wells
completed last year, a total of 19,741 were oil wells, 8,645
were natural gas wells and 14,001 were dry holes.
    In 1985, a total of 71,539 wells were drilled - 36,834 oil
wells, 13,036 gas wells and 21,669 dry holes.
 reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3145>
Ranger Oil Ltd said it
completed on March 2 the previously announced sale of its U.S.
oil and gas properties held by subsidiaries Ranger Oil Co and
Ranger Inc to Ampol Exploration Ltd, of Australia, for 18.5 mln
U.S. dlrs.
    Ranger said that under the deal, it would retain a five pct
gross overriding royalty on its stake from blocks east cameron
65 and 82 in the Gulf of Mexico offshore Lousiana.
    It said the sale did not include U.S. properties acquired
from &lt;Berkeley Exploration and Production PLC> last December.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3169>
Hamilton Oil Corp said reserves at the
end of 1986 were 59.8 mln barrels of oil and 905.5 billion
cubic feet of natural gas, or 211 mln barrels equivalent, up 10
mln equivalent barrels from a year before.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3174>
Graham-McCormick Oil and Gas
Partnership said it completed the sale of interests in two
major oil and gas fields to &lt;Energy Assets International Corp>
for 21 mln dlrs.
    The company said it sold about one-half of its 50 pct
interest in the Oak Hill and North Rucias fields, its two
largest producing properties.
    It said it used about 20 mln dlrs of the proceeds to prepay
principal on its senior secured notes. Semi-annual principal
payments on the remaining 40 mln dlrs of notes have been
satisfied until December 1988 as a result, it said.
    The company said the note agreements were amended to
reflect an easing of some financial covenants, and an increase
of interest to 13.5 pct from 13.0 pct until December 1990.
    It said the noteholders exercise price for 1,125,000
warrants was also reduced to 50 cts from 1.50 dlrs.
    The company said Energy Assets agreed to share the costs of
increasing production at the Oak Hill field.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3210>
Diamond Shamrock Offshore Partners said
it has started development drilling on West Cameron 178 block
off Louisiana in the Gulf of Mexico after a significant natural
gas find on the block.
    It said the discovery well there encountered 46 feet of net
natural gas pay. No flow tests have been conducted, it said.
    Diamond Shamrock Offshore said it has a 46.15 pct interest
in the block, Phillips Petroleum Co 28.85 pct and Santa Fe
Energy Partners LP &lt;SFP> 25.00 pct. Diamond Shamrock Corp &lt;DIA>
owns 80.3 pct of Diamond Shamrock Offshore.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3758>
Mitchell Energy and
Development Corp said it plans to hold its capital spending in
fiscal 1988, ending January 31, to 96 mln dlrs, down from the
123 mln dlrs spent in 1987 and 213 mln dlrs in 1986.
    The company also said its natural gas revenues so far this
year have been reduced by lower contract customer purchases due
to mild weather and soft economic conditions.
    "But the contracts call for the lower 'takes' to be made up
during the course of the year," Mitchell Energy said. Meanwhile
it will sell additional quantities of gas on the spot market.
    Mitchell Energy said the additional spot sales will tend to
lower the average price realized for gas in the early part of
fiscal 1988.
    However, it said the average for the full year is not
expected to be significantly lower than the 2.99 dlrs per
thousand cubic feet averaged in fiscal 1987.                   
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3798>
Lured by the weakening dollar and the
conviction that oil prices are poised for a rebound, European
energy companies are buying up cheap U.S. oil and gas reserves
to replenish their supplies, oil industry analysts said.
    They said owning oil reserves in a politically stable
United States is good insurance against future shortages.
However, the quick pace of foreign investment has heated up
competition among European firms, well-heeled U.S.
institutional investors and major oil companies to snare choice
domestic oil properties.
    Strevig and Associates, a Houston firm that tracks oil and
gas reserve sales, said growing interest among foreign buyers
had helped push reserve prices in recent months higher. All
buyers of U.S. reserves paid a median price of 6.45 dlrs a
barrel of oil during the fourth quarter of 1986 for
acquisitions, up from 5.33 dlrs in the third quarter and five
dlrs in the second quarter, according to the firm's research.
    "Foreign investors have been here nibbling a long time, but
we're seeing new names and smaller companies coming in," said
Arthur Smith, an oil property appraisal specialist and
president of John S. Herold Inc in Greenwich, Conn.
    "Europeans, especially, do not have much indigenous oil and
gas and realize the tide will eventually turn in favor of the
Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries," he added.
    Smith and other oil industry analyst and economists believe
the trend in foreign investments will continue in 1987 because
of the fall in value of the U.S. dollar, the perception that
oil prices have hit bottom and the fact that it is cheaper to
buy new reserves than to explore for them.
    Plenty of properties are available on the market, thanks to
the need of many companies to raise cash for debt payments and
general restructuring throughout the oilpatch.
    In two of the biggest transactions of recent months,
French-owned Minatome Corp., a unit of &lt;Total Compagnie
Francaise des Petroles>, spent more than 230 mln dlrs to
separately acquire oil assets of Texas International &lt;TEICC>
and Lear Petroleum Partners &lt;LPP>. A spokesman for Minatome
said the company is searching for additional acquisitions.
    A partnership of two Belgian-owned firms, &lt;Petrofina S.A.>
and &lt;Cometra Oil S.A.> paid 150 mln dlrs late last year to buy
virtually all the exploration assets of the Williams Cos &lt;WMB>,
the Oklahoma pipeline firm.
    But Japanese investors prefer entering into joint ventures
with experienced U.S. companies to explore for new oil. Japan's
&lt;Nippon Oil> is a partner of Texaco Inc's &lt;TX> Texaco USA in a
100 mln dlrs U.S. drilling program, and has joined with
Dupont's &lt;DD> Conoco Inc in a similar 135 dlrs mln deal.
    Most buyers said the pay-back period of a property, its
geographic location and the lifting cost of the crude oil are
more important factors in evaluating potential acquisitions
than relying on a simple price-per-barrel formula.
    Rich Hodges, a Houston-based land manager representing
International Oil and Gas Corp, a partnership of &lt;Preussag
Corp> and &lt;C. Deilmann Inc> of West Germany, said the firm had
earmarked at least 50 mln dlrs to spend on oil reserves in
Texas, Oklahoma or Louisiana in the coming months.
    But he called that a small amount compared to the amount
other investors have for acquisitions. PaineWebber's Geodyne
Energy Income Fund, for example, has said it plans to spend up
to 300 mln dlrs on oil and gas properties.
    "The competition is stiff, not only from other foreign
investors but from the brokerage houses and U.S. oil
companies," he said. "Our company is shopping around because we
feel it's substantially less risky than pure exploration. If
you're going to take the risk inherent in exploration, you need
prices higher than the current market," he added.
    In addition to the foreign investors and U.S. brokerage
houses, analysts said many of the major oil companies were also
competing for prime properties.
    Houston-based Shell Oil Co, a unit of Royal Dutch/Shell Group
&lt;RD>, has been one of the most active companies in buying and
selling reserves, Smith said. Since 1982, Shell has acquired
two billion dlrs in new reserves, including 470 mln barrels of
oil equivalent at a net cost of 2.80 dlrs a barrel, he said.
    "Buying reserves is a good strategy for most of these
companies," Smith said. "Domestic production has dropped by one
mln barrels a day because of cutbacks in drilling and it may
drop by another one mln barrels a day in 1988."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4016>
USX Corp said proved reserves of oil
and natural gas liquids fell 28 pct to 802.8 mln barrels at the
end of 1986 from 1.12 billion barrels at year-end 1985.
    The figures, in USX's just-released 1986 annual report,
indicate much of the drop resulted from the exclusion of 293.7
mln barrels of Libyan reserves, after the U.S. government last
June directed U.S. oil companies to end Libyan operations.
    USX, which owns Marathon Oil Co and Texas Oil and Gas Corp,
had 60 pct of its 1986 sales of 14.94 billion dlrs from its oil
and gas operations.
    About 24 pct of total sales came from USX's USS steel unit
and 16 pct from diversified businesses, which include oilfield
services, raw materials, minerals, chemicals and real estate.
    According to the report, domestic liquids reserves fell
slightly to 628.5 mln barrels from 628.9 mln and foreign
reserves fell to 174.3 mln from 486.4 mln barrels. The large
drop in foreign reserves was in the Middle East and Africa,
where they fell to about 9.3 mln barrels from 316.7 mln,
reflecting the exclusion of Libya.
    Total natural gas reserves fell to 4.82 trillion cubic feet
at year-end 1986 from 5.18 trillion at the end of 1985.
    Again, most of the drop came from the Middle East and
Africa, where reserves fell to zero from 71.9 billion cubic
feet, excluding Libyan reserves.
    U.S. natural gas reserves fell to 3.44 trillion cubic feet
from 3.65 trillion and foreign reserves fell to 1.38 trillion
from 1.53 trillion.
    In other areas, USX said total capital spending fell to 962
mln dlrs in 1986 from 1.78 billion dlrs in 1985. The 1986
audited figure is eight mln dlrs higher than the unaudited
figure the company reported on Jan 27.
    USX also said it expects to record a gain of 150 mln dlrs
in 1988, representing 50 pct of previously existing investment
tax credits allowable under the new tax law. The loss of the
other half of the credits was reflected in the fourth quarter.
    In a discussion of steel results, USX said plants that were
shut down last month and some previously idled plants may be
permanently closed. USX took a fourth quarter charge of 1.03
billion dlrs to restructure its steel operations. The charge
included the "indefinite idling" last month of four plants in
Utah, Pennsylvania and Texas.
    Other plants or parts of plants in Pennsylvania, Indiana,
Alabama, Ohio and Chicago had been previously idled.
    "These operations are not permanently shut down. Improved
market conditions for the products from these plants may make
it feasible to reopen some of them," USX said in the report.
    "On the other hand, a lack of any future market improvement
may necessitate their permanent closing," it added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4162>
Dune Resources Ltd said its oil
reserves increased 225 pct during 1986 while its natural gas
reserves were up six pct.
    The company said its proven oil reserves were estimated at
605,682 barrels on December 31, up from 186,655 barrels a year
earlier boosted by discoveries during the year put at 423,659
barrels.
    It said gas reserves rose to 8.8 mln cubic feet from 8.3
mln on Dec 31, 1985, as discoveries of nearly 1.3 mln cubic
feet were partialy offset by production of 287,391 cubic feet
and downward revisions of previous estimates totaling 491,694
cubic feet.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4232>
Phillips Petroleum Co will emphasize
improving its short-term cash flow this year to pare its debt,
C.J. "Pete" Silas, chairman, told Reuters in an interview.
    "Our priority is to get cash flow increased from the assets
already installed," he said, but he declined to estimate annual
cash flow for 1987.
    Analysts estimate Phillips" cash flow at over one billion
dlrs for 1987, while long term debt, which resulted from
restructuring to find off corporate raiders in 1985, hovers
about 5.9 billion dlrs as of December 1986.
     Silas said Phillips hope to achieve its goal by raising
the capital expenditures budget to develop its oil and gas
properties.
    "We plan to develop the properties with short-term high cash
flow prospects," he said. He projected a capital expenditure
budget of 730 mln dlrs, up from the 1986 expenditure of 655 mln
dlrs.
    Nearly half of that will be spent on exploration and
production, and most of that will be spend overseas, Silas
said.
    "Phillips' top priority in 1987 will be to get the
waterflooding in Norway and jack up the (Ekofisk) oil fields to
improve our ability to extract oil and increase earnings," Silas
said.
     Phillips estimates that the project, which is expected to
cost 1.5 billion dlrs, will increase recovery by 170 mln gross
barrels of oil over a period of 24 years.
    Phillips is also pursue opportunities in China where Silas
said he was seeking "a modification of terms with the Chinese
government to make oil discoveries (in the offshore Xijang
fields) commercially viable."
    In the U.S. Silas said Phillips hopes to get the Point
Arguello, Calif., field started up by the fourth quarter. "We
expect to start up the first platform then," Silas said.
    But emphasis on short-term cash flow has also forced the
company to part with several oil and gas assets.
    Phillips sold its interests in the T-Block in the U.K.
North Sea and U.S. reserves totaling about 1.3 billion dlrs in
1986 as part of a two billion dlrs asset sales program that is
now completed, Silas said.
     "We sold high cost producing assets. They were not good
value for us but possibly so for someone else," Silas said.
    Silas said the 1986 assets sales will not affect earnings
for the company.
    "Everything we are doing is to manage our cash flow and we
are using that to manage our debt. Even the asset sales, while
regrettable, were necessary to reduce debt," Silas said.
    He said no asset sales are planned this year as long as oil
prices don't fall sharply lower and stay at lower levels  for
several months. "Then, everyone would be looking at sales (of
assets), and we're no different from the others," Silas said.
    In other areas, Silas looks for improved earnings from
Phillips chemical operations, which provided 299 mln dlrs in
earnings for 1986, up from 219 mln dlrs in 1985.
    "This was our second best year pushed by a good supply and
demand balance for products, low feedstocks and energy costs
for our operations," Silas said, "In 1987 we think the market's
supply and demand balance will be just as good but feedstock
and energy costs will rise due to price recovery."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4467>
The number of seismic crews
searching for oil and gas in the United States dropped by nine
to a total of 151 crews, a decrease of six pct from January,
the Society of Exploration Geophysicists said.
    The February total represented a 49 pct decrease from
February 1986.
    Worldwide, the association's monthly survey showed that
seismic exploration for oil and gas increased to 395 in
February, up three from the month before. Africa added three
seismic crews, the Middle East increased by two and the Far
East added one while reductions were reported in Central and
South America, Europe and the United States.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4569>
Permian Basin Royalty Trust
said that as of December 31, 1986, its estimated proved
reserves totaled 18.5 mln barrels of oil and 52.9 mln MCF, or
thousand cubic feet, of gas.
    This compares with yearend 1985 proved reserves estimates
of 26.4 mln barrels of oil and 78.6 mln MCF of gas, Permian
said.
    Permian said December 1986 future net revenues from proved
reserves were 335.6 mln dlrs, down from 814.2 mln dlrs in 1985.
    Permian said the present value of estimated future net
revenues discounted at 10 pct is 165.3 mln dlrs, compared with
374.3 mln dlrs.
    It said the downward revisions in both proved reserves and
estimated future net revenues resulted from decreased prices for
oil and gas.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4590>
The San Juan Basin Royalty
Trust said proved reserves as of December 31 were estimated at
283.1 thousand cubic feet of gas and 1,087,000 barrels of oil.
    In the year-ago period, it said proved reserves were
estimated at 346.4 thousand cubic feet of gas  and 1,974,000
barrels of oil.
    It said the present value of future net revenues discounted
10 pct was 156.2 mln dlrs compared with 446.8 mln dlrs in the
year-ago period.
    It also said that about 60 net infill wells are not
economical to drill at December 31 prices.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4951>
Mobil Corp chairman Allen E. Murray
said in the annual report issued today that the company's total
1987 capital expenditures would be lower than the three
billion dlrs spent in 1986.
    "Overall capital and exploration expenditures will fall
slightly below the level for 1986 although we'll be ready to
increase spending whenever the outlook becomes more promising,"
Murray said.
    Mobil data in the annual report shows capital expenditures
have been cut every year since 1984's 3.6 billion dlrs to 3.5
billion dlrs in 1985.
    Murray told shareholders that despite the cuts "the company
has promising acreage to explore as well as major oil and gas
reserves to develop in the U.S., Canada, Europe, Africa and
Indonesia.
    Over the past two weeks Mobil has announced restructuring
of its domestic exploration and development organization and
this week a restructuring of its oil services units, which
support the new affiliate.
    "Mobil's chairman has explained this change by saying we
need a leaner organization to get more efficient usage from our
assets," said John Lord, a Mobil Corp spokesman.
    Murray said in announcing the first reorganization, which
will combine its current three exploration and producing
affiliates into one organization, Mobil Exploration and
Production U.S. Inc, that it is more effective than the present
organization and will improve the company's upstream
competitive position.
    Yesterday the company said that it will restructure its
Mobil Exploration and Producing Services Inc, MEPSI, to enhance
the development and transfer of technology supporting critical
areas of exploration, drilling, resevoir management and
computer systems.
    Earnings from Mobil's upstream operations in 1986 were 827
mln dlrs, down 54 pct from the previous year's 1.8 billion dlrs
in earnings.
    Mobil's strategy in the exploration and production sector
will be to give most attention to exploration possibilities
with the greatest long term potential, the company said.
    In its annual report, Mobil said that this will include
greater emphasis on "frontier plays that, although riskier, fit
our strengths of technology and size...This probably also means
a shift toward emphasis in the foreign area since selective
overseas exploration offers greater potential."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4962>
Mobil Corp increased net proven
reserves of natural gas liquids in 1986 from the previous year
according to data in its 1986 annual report.
    The report states that total net proved reserves at year's
end stood at 2.5 billion barrels, an increase of 94 mln barrels
or four pct above the previous year and detailed data show that
the gains resulted from an increase in net proved reserves of
natural gas liquids.
    Mobil said gains were in Indonesia where a sixth production
facility began operation in October with a capacity to
manufacture 1.7 mln tonnes of liquified natural gas.
    The company also said that new capacity brought onstream
last year replaced 120 pct of Mobil's production, which
declined by about four pct in 1986 from the previous year.
    Detailed data on reserves shows that U.S. net proved
reserves of crude oil fell to 837 mln barrels from 853 mln
barrels in 1985, natural gas liquid reserves were also lower in
1986 from the previous year.
    Net proved crude oil reserves also fell in Canada to 224
mln barrels and in Europe to 403 mln barrels from the previous
year's level of 231 mln barrels and 439 mln barrels,
respectively.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5037>
Prices of wholesale finished energy
goods in the U.S. rose 4.0 pct in February after a 9.8 pct rise
in January, the Labor Department said.
    The Producer Price Index for finished energy goods fell by
20.9 pct in the past 12 months.
    Heating oil prices rose 3.0 pct in February after a 18.0
pct rise in January, the department said.
    Gasoline prices rose by 5.5 pct last month after a 15.7
pct January rise, the department said. Natural gas prices rose
1.8 pct after a 4.2 pct rise in January.
    Crude oil prices rose 4.4 pct in February, after a 19.7 pct
January rise and were off 21.3 pct from the year ago level.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5061>
Prices of wholesale finished energy
goods in the United States were up in February, rising by 4.0
pct after a 9.8 pct rise in January, the Labor Department said.
    The Producer Price Index for finished energy goods has
fallen 20.9 pct in the past 12 months.
    Heating oil prices rose 3.0 pct in February after a 18.0
pct rise in January, the department said.
    Gasoline prices rose by 5.5 pct last month after a 15.7
pct January rise, the department said. Natural gas prices rose
1.8 pct after a 4.2 pct rise in January.
    Energy goods at the intermediate stage of processing rose
2.7 pct in February after rising 3.5 pct in January and were
down 16.1 pct over the past 12 months, the Labor Department
said.
    Prices for crude energy goods, such as crude oil, coal and
gas at the wellhead, rose 2.6 pct last month after a 10.0 pct
January rise. They were down 11.6 pct from February 1986, the
department said.
     At the intermediate stage, liquefied petroleum gas prices
rose 10.1 pct last month after a 5.0 pct January rise and were
41.0 pct below prices a year earlier, the department said.
    Residual fuel prices rose 16.7 pct in February after a 13.4
pct rise a month earlier and were off 17.4 pct in 12 months.
    Electric power prices fell 0.3 pct last month, after a 1.3
pct January decline, and were down 3.6 pct from a year ago.
    Crude oil prices rose 4.4 pct in February, after a 19.7 pct
January rise and were off 21.3 pct from the year ago level.
    Prices of natural gas at the wellhead rose 1.8 pct in
February after rising 4.2 pct a month earlier and were 14.8 pct
lower than they were 12 months earlier, the department said.
    Coal costs were down 0.3 pct last month after rising 0.4
pct in January and were down 0.8 pct from a year ago.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5793>
Coastal Corp said a federal bankruptcy
court will hear its request today for a restraining order to
stop a two billion dlr lawsuit against it by &lt;TransAmerican
Natural Gas Corp>.
    TransAmerican, which entered Chapter 11 bankruptcy
proceedings in 1983 to reorganise its debts, filed the lawsuit
to block Coastal from taking control.
    Coastal spokesman Jim Bailey confirmed the company, which
is an unsecured creditor of TransAmerican, would present its
own reorganisation plan to the bankruptcy court.
    Under the plan, Coastal would buy the natural gas reserves
and pipeline system owned by TransAmerican in Texas for an
undisclosed amount.
    TransAmerican lawyer John Nabors said the company values
its total assets, including an unused oil refinery, at about
one billion dlrs.
    The company, the second-largest natural gas producer in
Texas, said it has gas reserves of 1.2 trillion cubic feet and
over 1,000 miles of pipeline and gas gathering lines.
    About 80 pct of TransAmerican's gas is available for spot
market sales in Texas during peak demand, it said.
    Nabors said the TransAmerican reorganisation would repay
its 770 mln dlr debt with profits from natural gas sales. The
lawsuit seeks one billion dlrs in actual damages and one
billion in punitive damages from Coastal.
    Coastal has been trying to break into the Texas gas market
since 1979, when it was forced to sell &lt;Lo-Vaca Gas Gathering
Co> to settle over 1.6 billion dlrs in lawsuits by Texas
customers facing abrupt curtailment of supply.
    Coastal, a natural gas producer and pipeline company,
earned 71.6 mln dlrs on sales of 6.7 billion in 1986, about
half the its 1985 profits, due to slumping energy prices.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6425>
Coastal Corp said it belives the two
billion dlr suit against it by &lt;TransAmerican Natural Gas Corp>
in Texas state court is frivolous and without merit.
    The company said it intends toi proceed with filing a
reorganization plan for TransAmerican with the U.S. Bankruptcy
Court in Houston.
    Yesterday afternoon, the bankruptcy court issued a
temporary restraining order prohibiting TransAmerican and
Coastal from taking any action in any court that would
interfere with the jurisdiction of the bankruptcy court.
    Yesterday's bankruptcy court ruling affirmed Coastal's
rights as a TransAmerican creditor to file a reorganization
plan for TransAmerican.
    TransAmerican's suit alleges that Coastla attempted to
unlawfully gain control of TransAmerican's Texas natural gas
reserves and pipeline system.
    TransAmerican's bankruptcy proceedings began in 1983.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6606>
Energy Secretary John Herrington
said he will propose tax incentives to increase domestic oil
and natural gas exploration and production to the Reagan
Administration for consideration.
    "These options boost production, while avoiding the huge
costs associated with proposals like an oil import fee,"
Herrington told a House Energy subcommittee hearing. "It is my
intention to submit these proposals to the domestic policy
council and the cabinet for consideration and review."
    He said proposals, including an increase in the oil
depletion allowance and repeal of the windfall profits tax,
should be revenue neutral and promote domestic production at
the least cost to the economy and the taxpayers.
    "The goal of the Administration policies is to increase
domestic production. I would like to shoot for one mln barrels
a year."
    The proposals were based on a DOE study released yesterday
warning the United States was threatened by a growing
dependence on oil imports.
    "We project free world dependence on Persian Gulf oil at 65
pct by 1995," Herrington said.
    He said it was too soon to say what the Administration
policy on oil tax incentives would be and indicated there would
be opposition to tax changes.
    "Of course, to move forward with these kinds of options
would require reopening tax issues settled last year (in the
tax reform bill) -- an approach which has not, in general, been
favored by the administration. I think what we need is to
debate this within the Administration," he said.
    He said the proposals might raise gasoline prices.
    Herrington did not specifically confirm a report in today's
Washington Post that he had written to President Reagan urging
an increase in the oil depletion allowance.
    Asked about the report by subcommittee members, Herrington
said various proposals were under consideration and would be
debated within the Administration to determine which would have
the most benefits at the least cost.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6656>
The drastic cutbacks in U.S. drilling
last year are rapidly deflating the United State's natural gas
bubble, which could bring spot shortages in gas supplies next
winter and a modest recovery in the oilpatch, industry analysts
said.
    Faltering deliverability of natural gas, a commodity that
is difficult and costly to import in large quantities, could
more than double the current U.S. rig count to near 2,000 by
1990, some analysts said.
    The need to lock in future supplies of gas for utilities
and big industrial customers may also bring a resurgence of
activity in the Gulf of Mexico's offshore waters where some of
the nation's largest gas reserves are located.
    "We think an upturn in U.S. drilling is imminent," said
James Crandall, an analyst with Salomon Brothers Inc. "Many
companies appear to be switching from oil to gas drilling
because they're betting that the gas market will be back in
balance in a year or two."
    The prospect of diminishing gas supplies is welcome news
for drilling and oilfield service companies that barely
survived last year's plunge in oil prices from about 30 dlrs a
barrel to less than half that. Today's relatively stable oil
prices of about 18 dlrs a barrel are not enough to spur a
return to the heady days of 1981 when the U.S. drilling rig
count soared to a record high of more than 4,500 and oilfield
roustabouts commanded premium wages.
    The latest weekly Hughes Tool Co &lt;HT> rig count, a
barometer of the oil industry's health, showed 761 U.S. rigs
active in what is traditionally the slowest time of the year.
    In 1986, the Hughes rig count began the year at 1,915 but
dived to a post-World War II low of 663 in July as world oil
prices experienced the sharpest decline in recent times.
    Ike Kerridge, a Hughes economist, said "In 1986, the United
States replaced only about 40 pct of the gas it used and that
replacement rate won't be any better this year."
    He added, "We don't have the options we do with oil.
Imports of gas from Canada are limited by pipeline capacity and
importing liquefied natural gas on ships will not be feasible
in the next 10 years because of the cost."
    Only about 6 trillion cubic feet of additional gas reserves
were discovered last year while U.S. consumption approached 16
trillion cubic feet, according to industry estimates.
    George Gaspar, an oil analyst with Robert W. Baird and Co
agreed that the need for gas supplies would set the stage for a
new cycle of gradual increases in U.S. drilling.
    "We anticipate that natural gas pipelines will need to
dedicate to their systems new gas reserves for 1989 and 1990
supplies. That means new drilling programs must begin no later
than mid-1988," Gaspar said.
    Gasper said he sees a new drilling cycle emerging that
could last until 1992 and that he expects the average rig count
to peak near 2,000 in December of 1989.
    Much of the search for new gas reserves is likely to be
conducted in the offshore waters of the Gulf of Mexico, where
federal leases on unexplored areas will revert back to the
government unless drilling begins in the next two or three
years. Some of the industry's biggest companies, such as Exxon
Corp &lt;XON>, Mobil Corp MOB, and Union Texas Petroleum have
already indicated plans to increase spending for drilling later
this year in the Gulf of Mexico, Crandall said.
    For example, Conoco Inc, a Dupont &lt;DD> subsidiary, will
spend 400 mln dlrs to build the Gulf of Mexico's deepest
production platform, which will produce 50 mln cubic feet of
gas per day.
    But T. Boone Pickens, who has acquired huge Texas and
Kansas gas reserves for his Mesa Limited Partnership &lt;MLP> in
recent months, is not convinced that the drilling industry is
on the verge of a recovery.
    Pickens predicts the U.S. rig count will soon drop below
600 and will not increase significantly until oil prices do.
    "The rigs won't go back to work until the price of oil gets
above 30 dlrs a barrel," said Pickens, 58, adding he did not
expect to see the rig count top 2,000 again in his lifetime.
    Tenneco Inc &lt;TGT>, one of the largest U.S. gas producers,
is skeptical that a need for additional gas drilling exists.
    Tenneco vice president Joe Foster said he did not expect
significant increases in drilling for gas until the early 1990s
when the U.S. gas reserves life will have declined to about
seven years' supply. Current spot market prices of about 1.50
dlrs per thousand cubic feet will need to rise to about three
dlrs to spur reserve replacement, he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6660>
Amoco Corp said its WEQB-1 exploratory
well 39 miles east of Galeota Point on Trinidad's east coast
flowed 24 mln cubic feet of natural gas and 500 barrels of
condensate daily from one zone and 29 mln cubic feet of natural
gas and 600 barrels of condensate daily from a second.
    The company said both flows were through 40/64 inch chokes
and from zones between 10,000 and 13,000 feet in depth.  The
well, in 260 feet of water, was drilled to a total depth of
14,629 feet, it said.  It said the discovery was made in sands
previously untested in the area.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6712>
Consolidated Natural Gas Co said it
has received Securities and Exchange Commission approval to
establish a wholly-owned natural gas marketing subsidiary
called CNG Trading Co.
    It said the new unit will operate in New York,
Pennsylvania, Ohio, West Virginia, Louisiana and Texas and
compete with other markets for delivery of low-cost natural gas
supplies.
    Consolidated said customers' needs will be met from a wide
range of low cost sources, including the spot market,
independent producers and brokers, and Consolidated's producing
affiliates - CNG Development Co of Pittsburgh, and CNG
Producing Co based in New Orleans.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6722>
The U.S. oil and gas industry is in
better health than it was a year ago, according to testimony
given to the Texas Railroad Commission at its annual state of
the industry hearing today.
     The Commission, which regulates the state's oil and gas
industry, heard testimony from a number of high-level company
executives reflecting a belief that the recent industry
downturn had bottomed out.
     "The attitude expressed here today so far is a great deal
more optimistic (than last year)," Commissioner James E. (Jim)
Nugent told Reuters.
     "It reflects their (the executives) belief that they are
seeing the bottom of the economic cycle," he added, "and with
just a few reasonable breaks this industry can begin to move
again."
     The energy industry was hard hit by the sharp drop in oil
prices, which fell from around 30 dlrs a barrel in late 1985 to
as low as 10 dlrs in mid-1986. Prices have since steadied to
around 18 dlrs a barrel.
     At the same time, a number of company executives testified
that the nation's domestic exploration and production segment
was still hurting and in need of government help.
     Production costs are considerably higher in the United
States than in such areas as the Middle East and as prices fell
many domestic producers were forced to shut down their
operations. Currently, there are only about 760 oil rigs
operating in the United States compared with an average of
nearly 2,000 in 1985.
     Citing a study released yesterday by the Department of
Energy, many said the falling production of domestic oil
coupled with increasing U.S. demand, was leading to a growing
dependency on imports, particularly from the politically
volatile Middle East.
     "In the U.S., 1986 petroleum production responded to lower
prices, increasing about 2.5 pct, or 400,000 barrels per day
(bpd)," said J.S. Simon, General Manager of the Supply
Department at Exxon Corp &lt;XON>, the nation's largest oil
company.
     At the same time, Simon said "U.S. oil production declined
by 300,000 bpd, the first decline in several years," and "net
petroleum imports were up 25 pct to 5.3 mln bpd."
     Noting that while oil prices were expected to remain
between 13 and 20 dlrs a barrel, depending on OPEC's ability to
control production, Simon said demand is expected to remain at
1986 levels, leading to "a significant amount of spare
worldwide production capacity, in excess of 10 mln bpd."
     He said the surplus capacity would lead to continued
volatility and called for "governmental and regulatory policies
in support of the domestic petroleum industry."
     Citing the costs recently imposed by the federal
government through the 1986 tax code changes and "Superfund"
legislation, Simon called for the repeal of the windfall
profits tax, total decontrol of natural gas and improved access
to federal lands for oil and gas exploration.
     Simon did not mention an oil import fee, which many in the
industry have called for as a way of building up the nation's
domestic operations before imports reach such a level that
national security might be compromised.
     In yesterday's report, the Energy Department said imports
could make up 50 pct of U.S. demand by 1995, adding that
Persian Gulf producers will provide as much as 65 pct of the
free world's total oil consumption by that date.
     Arguing that "oil is a political tool in every nation on
earth," Frank Pitts, chairman of &lt;Pitts Oil Co>, today called
for a variable oil import fee, among other measures, "before
the treacherous foothold of the Middle East is irreversible and
our national security is compromised."
     Royce Wisenbaker, Chairman of Wisenbaker Production Co,
agreed, saying that like many federal government programs that
were set up with good intentions, it would probably turn into a
"shambles."
     Wisenbaker added that he was optimistic for the future.
"For those of us who have managed to hold on, the worst is
over," he said.
     Roger Hemminghaus, President of Diamond Shamrock Refining
and Marketing Co, said he was "enthusiastic about the future,"
adding that he expected "an increase in profitability by
midyear."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6742>
New England Electric System &lt;NES>
expects its cash construction spending to reach 205 mln dlrs
this year, up from 188 mln dlrs in 1986, the utility said in
material distributed at an analysts meeting.
    It said spending is expected to advance to 215 mln dlrs in
1988 and 220 mln dlrs in 1989.
    The utility said these totals exclude spending on New
England Hydro-Transmission being built to import electricity
from Quebec Hydro. New England Electric is the operator of this
venture as well as owning 51 pct of the project.
    The venture expects to spend 65 mln dlr this year, 105 mln
dlrs next year and 125 mln dlrs in 1989 to build transmission
lines from northern Quebec into New England, the utility said.
    New England Electric said internally generated funds will
cover all of its power plant construction costs this year and
65 pct of the 108 mln dlrs its retail distribution units plan
to spend in 1987.
    The company said it also expects to spend 60 mln dlrs on
its oil and gas activities this year, adding internally
generated funds are expected to provide 85 pct of this total.
    New England Electric said it plans to issue 30 mln dlrs
worth of pollution control bonds in 1987 and retire additional
higher cost preferred stock. Its Granite State Electric unit
plans to issue five mln dlrs of long term notes early this year
as well.
    The company said it does not plan to offer common shares
this year or in the foreseeable future, but expects to raise
about 40 mln dlrs in equity through the sale of stock under its
dividend reinvestment plan and employee share plans.
    President Samuel Huntington told the analysts the
construction spending projection is based on the expectation
that demand for electricity in the New England electric system
will grow about two pct a year for the next 15 years.
    However, the utility cannot ignore the potential for
sharper growth, he said, pointing out that demand was up 5.2
pct in 1986 and 4.7 pct per year in the past four years.
    He attributed this growth to declining electricity prices
and a strong New England economy.
    Huntington said New England Elecetric has "all but rejected
new coal fired plants" to supply additional power.
    He said the most attractive new power supplies are those
with short lead times which can be built in modules.
    Later, vice president Glenn Schleede said the utility is
looking at gas-fired, combined cycle generating units to supply
most of its new power needs, but has not rejected coal-fired
fluidized bed units.
    He explained that fluidized bed technology is available in
modular units, adding that Huntington was referring to the
traditional coal-fired plant which burns pulverized coal.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6760>
mexico's proven reserves of liquid
hydrocarbons at end-1986 were 70 billion barrels, slightly down
from 70.9 billion a year ago and 71.75 billion in 1984, the
state oil company petroleos mexicanos (pemex) announced.
    Reserves were just 5.77 billion barrels in 1974, rose
sharply to 40.19 billion in 1978 and flattened out at 72
billion in both 1981 and 1982.
    In its annual report, pemex said average crude output in
1986 was 2.43 mln barrels per day, 202,000 bpd down on 1985.
Average exports were 1.29 mln bpd, down from 1.44 mln bpd.
    The company did not say what percentage of hydrocarbons was
crude oil, but has previouly said it was about 48 pct.
    Natural gas output in 1986 was 3.43 billion cubic feet per
day, down from 3.6 billion in 1985.
    Due mainly to the fall in oil prices to around 12 dlrs from
25 dlrs in the year, 58 wells, both exploratory and production,
were suspended, 38 of them in less productive areas than the
offshore campeche fields which accounted for 64 pct of
production.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6876>
The U.S. Congress and the oil industry
are deeply divided on ways the government should assist the
industry, hurt by the sharp fall in oil prices, and the
subsequent growth in oil imports, industry analysts said.
    "The industry is deeply divided between those who support an
oil tariff and those who believe tax incentives are better,"
said Daniel Yergin, director of Cambridge Energy Research
Associates, which recently completed a survey of the U.S.
Congress on energy issues.
    Yergin said he saw mounting support within Congress for tax
incentives rather than an oil tariff or import fee.
    Today U.S. Energy Secretary John Herington said he will
propose tax incentives to increase edomestic oil and natural
gas exploration and production to the Reagan Administration for
consideration. White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater said the
proposal would be reviewed.
    Herrington said, "I would like to shoot for one mln barrels
a day (addition) to U.S. production." U.S. oil output was off to
8.4 mln bpd in the week of March 13, down six pct from last
year, the American Petroleum Institute said.
    Oil industry analysts have forecast oil prices to average
about 18 dlrs a barrel for the year and many believe that a
move above that level will be unlikey for the near term.
    Paul Mlotok, oil analyst for Salomon Brothers Inc said that
"even with the rise in prices for the last week or two we've
only altered our average price scenerio to about 17.50 dlrs for
the year."
    Analysts said that at that price renewed drilling and
exploration to reverse the decline in U.S. crude oil output
will not take place as the companies are waiting for stable
prices over 20 dlrs to renew exploration.
    John Lichtblau, president of the Petroleum Industry
Research Foundation Inc in New york in recent testimony to
Congress said "The continuing decline in U.S. oil production is
virtually inevitable under any realistic price scenario. But
the future rate of decline is very much a function of world oil
prices and U.S. government policy."
    Lichtbalu said that tax breaks could be used to raise oil
production but would only work over time.
    "Lowering the producing industry's tax burden would probably
be a slower stimulant (to output) than a price increase but
would not raise energy costs." Lichtblau said.
    But the small independent oil companies who do much of the
drilling in the U.S. are looking for the more immediate relief
which could be brought on by an oil import fee.
    Ronald Tappmeyer, president of the International
Association of Drilling Contractors, said, "The members of our
trade asssociation are convinced that only a variable oil
import fee that sets a minimum price trigger can protect our
nation." The association represents some 1,300 drilling and oil
service companies.
    The CERA survey of Congress shows that the oil import fee
will face a stiff uphill battle.
    Yergin said that the poll which was conducted in January by
a former Congressman, Orval Hansen, showed support for the oil
import fee from 22 pct of the Congressmen surveyed largely as a
means of protecting the domestic petroleum industry.
     At the same time 48 pct of the Congressmen surveyed
opposed the fee with the respondents saying the tariff would
hurt consumers and some regional interests.
    But 80 pct of the sample said support for a fee could grow
if production continued to fall and imports to rise.
    Yergin said that imports above 50 pct of U.S. requirements
"is a critical, symbolic level. If they (imports) move above
that level, a fee may not be legislated but there will
certainly be pressure for some form of action."
     But Lichtblau, in a telephone interview, said, "a 50 pct
rate of import dependency is not likely to happen before 1990.
    In 1986 U.S. oil imports rose to 33 pct of u.s. energy
requirements and shopuld be about 34 pct in 1987, he added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6905>
Argentina's total oil and gas
production fell 9.4 pct in February to 2.78 mln cubic metres
from January's total of 3.11 mln cubic metres, the state oil
company Yacimientos Petroliferos Fiscales (YPF) reported.
    A YPF statement blamed the drop on momentary problems owing
to the summer season but gave no further details.
    February's production figure fell slightly short of YPF's
target figure of 2.90 mln cubic metres.
    Oil production totalled 1.76 mln cubic metres last month
and natural gas production 1.02 mln cubic metres, down from
1.95 and 1.15 mln cubic metres in January, respectively.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7174>
Britoil Plc's &lt;BTOL.L> exploration
expenditure for the U.K. In 1987 was likely to be only about a
third of the level in 1986, though overseas expenditure would
remain approximately the same, Chief executive David Walker
said.
    He told reporters following the release of the company's
1986 figures that project expenditure would also remain at 1986
levels.
    U.K. Project expenditure in 1986 rose to 208 mln stg from
184 mln while exploration expenditure dropped to 87 mln from
156 mln. Overseas exploration fell to 28 mln from 58 mln in
1985.
    Earlier, Britoil posted a drop in pretax profit for 1986 to
134 mln stg from 759 mln in 1985, before an extraordinary
charge of 50 mln stg on the company's U.S. Assets. The results
were slightly better than analysts forecast and the share
firmed to 231p from 222p at last night's close. Chairman Sir
Philip Shelbourne said the collapse in the oil price in 1986
had made the period extremely difficult but the company had
come through remarkably well.
    Provided the recovery in oil prices was maintained, the
conditions would be right for a substantially improved
performance this year.
    He added that the firmness of oil prices in March, when
they were normally weaker, made him "a bit encouraged" about the
prospects for future levels.
    Walker added that Britoil would feel confident if the price
stayed within a band of 15 dlrs to 20 dlrs a barrel.
    Britoil had received some 100 responses to its announcement
of a desire to sell the assets and was asking for bids by the
latter part of April.
    End-year reserves rose to 603 mln barrels of oil compared
with 503 mln previously. However, Walker noted that this
included a revised definition of reserves.
    If 1985 figures were restated along the same lines, the
reserve figure would show a drop from 720 mln barrels
previously.
    Gas reserves also eased to 3,568 billion cubic feet from a
restated 3,660 billion.
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7408>
Transco Exploration Partners Ltd said
participation in 14 new discoveries increased its proved gas
reserves to 558.1 billion cubic feet in 1986, up from 541.5
billion cubic feet in the previous year.
    Proved reserves of liquids remained about the same at 25.1
mln barrels, the company said in the 1986 annual just released
by Transco Energy Co &lt;E>, the majority owner of the Transco
Exploration partnership.
    Transco said that anticipated oil and gas prices during
1987 would continue to exert pressure on the profitability of
most energy companies.
    The Transco pipeline system reached permanent take-or-pay
settlements on about half its committed gas deliverability and
interim agreements for another 38 pct of its deliverability,
the annual report said. The company said it paid a total of
about 363 mln dlrs to producers through Februry one out of its
550 mln dlr reserve to settle the take-or-pay disputes.
    Transco said its gas pipeline delivered more than 1.2
trillion cubic feet last year and its marketing affiliate sold
an average of 1.6 billion cubic feet of gas per day.
    The company's exploration partnership received an average
price of 1.84 dlrs per mln cubic feet for gas sales during
1986, down from 3.04 dlrs in 1985.
    Sales of oil and condensate averaged 15.86 dlrs per barrel
last year, down from 27.41 dlrs per barrel in 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7423>
Amoco Corp's petroleum liquids reserves
total 2.42 billion barrels at the end of 1986, down from 2.77
billion a year earlier, but its natural gas reserves increased
to 15.37 trillion cubic feet from 15.14 trillion, the company's
annual report said.
    It said the drop in crude oil and natural gas liquid
reserves reflected downward revisions of previous estimates
caused by the sharp drop in oil prices last year. This
accounted for 178 mln barrels of a worldwide downward revision
of 188 mln barrels, with 158 mln barrels of the total revision
occurring in the United States, the report said.
    Amoco said there were upward revisions in the size of its
worldwide gas reserves totalling 404 billion cubic feet last
year, while it discovered 568 billion cubic feet and purchased
298 billion cubic feet of reserves.
    Production of one trillion cubic feet offset much of these
gains, the report said.
    All of the gas reserve purchases, as well as all of the 14
mln barrels of oil reserves bought in 1986, were in the United
States, Amoco said, noting it has spent 1.1 billion dlrs to
acquire U.S. producing properties over the past three years.
    Commenting on 1987, Amoco said acquisitions "will be an
integral part of our strategy, should reserves become available
at attractive prices."
    The company said it expects "the marketing climate for
natural gas to improve in 1987, which should provide the
opportunity for Amoco to expand sales. As prices and demand
improve, we are poised to accelerate capital spending on our
inventory of attractive opportunities."
    Amoco previously announced a 1987 capital spending budget
of 3.2 billion dlrs. Such spending totaled 3.18 billion dlrs
last year, down from 5.31 billion in 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8041>
Higher crude oil prices will raise
demand for natural gas, helping it to reclaim market share lost
to heavy oil when prices plunged in 1986, analysts said.
    The analysts said that these efforts will be most
successful in the industrial sectors of the economy with large
and growing energy requirements.
    "Natural gas stands a good chance to recapture the share of
oil supplied to electric utilities that it lost to the residual
fuel industry last year," Michael Smolinski, an energy
economist with Data Resources Inc, told Reuters.
    An estimated 200,000 barrels per day of residual fuel went
into the utilities market at the expense of natural gas last
year when world oil prices plunged, Smolinski said. 
    Assuming oil prices hold above 15 dlrs a barrel, national
average gas prices delivered to the utilities at a projected
2.10 to 2.25 dlrs per mln Btu would be very competitive,
Michael German, vice president of economic analysis at American
Gas Association said.
    The average delivered prices at the end of January were
2.10 dlrs per mln Btu, compared with 3.26 dlrs a year ago.
    "We expect natural gas to regain 250 to 400 billion cubic
feet (of demand) in the overall energy market in the second and
third quarter (1987)," he said.
    In addition to price competitiveness, availability will be
an important factor persuading energy users to switch to gas,
Frank Spadine, senior energy economist with Bankers Trust Corp.
in New York noted.
    Spadine said the mild winter in many parts of the North
American continent has led to a build up of gas inventories and
less would be necessary to replenish underground storage this
spring freeing gas for spot sales.
    These forecasts develop a strong counterpoint to the fears
that natural gas suplies would be tight and prices
significantly higher given a sharp decline in drilling last
year.
    AGA's German contended that despite the drilling decline,
much of U.S. proved reserves could be brought to production
quickly through developments such as the infill drilling which
permits more wells to be drilled in proved reserve basins.
    Citing recent EIA statistics, German said, the gas surplus
was likely to contract from three trillion cubic feet in 1986
to two trillion cubic feet in 1987, but the surplus would not
go away until 1990.
    Smolinski of Data Resources agreed that the surplus would
persist until 1990. While gas supplies may tighten in certain
consuming areas, notably in California and in the Northeast
U.S., an overall shortfall appeared remote.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8100>
Cooper Basin oil producer Santos Ltd
&lt;STOS.S> said it will bid 4.00 dlrs a share for the 96.03 pct
it does not already hold in diversified oil and gas company
&lt;TMOC Resources Ltd>.
    Santos said the bid values TMOC at 248.5 mln dlrs. It said
it already holds 1.91 mln of TMOC's 25 cent par shares.
    TMOC held interests outside the Cooper Basin region of
South Australia and Queensland and the acquisition would
further the Santos objective of developing as a broadly based
oil and gas company with interests outside its existing base in
the Cooper Basin, the company said in a statement.
    Santos said TMOC holds several important domestic oil and
gas production, exploration and pipeline interests.
    In the Northern Territory it has a 43.75 pct stake in and
operates the Mereenie oil and gas field in the Amadeus Basin
and owns 32 pct of &lt;N.T. Gas Pty Ltd>, owner and operator of
the Alice Springs to Darwin gas pipeline.
    In Queensland, TMOC has extensive interests in the Surat
Basin, including the 100 pct owned and operated Moonie oil
field and 33 pct of the Boxleigh gas field.
    TMOC owns 80 pct of the &lt;Moonie Pipeline Co Pty Ltd> which
owns and operates the Moonie to Brisbane oil pipeline.
    TMOC also holds 25 pct of the Jackson to Moonie oil
pipeline, 20 pct owned by Santos. Output from the Naccowlah
block, 40 pct owned by Santos, provides the bulk of the
throughput of both pipelines.
    TMOC has exploration interests in a number of areas in the
Amadeus, Surat, Eromanga and Canning basins.
    It also has oil and gas interests in Britain's North Sea,
Ecuador, and the U.S., Along with gold and base metal
production through its associate &lt;Paringa Mining and
Exploration Co Plc>, Santos said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8108>
&lt;Delhi Petroleum Pty Ltd> said a
second gas flow has been recorded in the Epsilon formation of
the Toolachee Block on PEL five and six signifying a new pool
discovery.
    The Kerna Four appraisal well flowed gas at 235,038 cubic
meters a day with four kiloliters of condensate through a 13mm
surface choke over an interval of 2,374 to 2,399 meters.
    DST 1, in the Epsilon formation, was earlier reported as
flowing gas at 237,862 cm/day, Delhi said in a statement.
    The well is two km south south east of Kerna 3, 15 km south
east of the Dullingari field and 75 km east of Moomba.
    Delhi said the remaining objective of the well is the
Patchawarra formation.
    Other interest holders in the Kerna Four well are: Santos
Ltd &lt;STOS.S> 50 pct, Delhi 30, &lt;Vamgas Ltd> 10, &lt;South
Australian Oil and Gas Corp Pty Ltd> 10 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8210>
The world's dependency on the Mideast
as the source for its petroleum is growing and nothing is going
to stop it, Donald K. McIvor, an Exxon Corp &lt;XON> Director and
senior vice president told Reuters in an interview.
    "Non-OPEC production will begin to decline and the gap
between demand and supply will widen so that the trend to
increasing dependence on OPEC and the Middle East is
inevitable," McIvor said.
    Decreased supplies will firm prices for crude oil but are
not likely to change a growing dependence, McIvor said.
    McIvor, Exxon's senior vice president responsible for oil
and gas exploration and production said that dependence would
result from the Mideast's large spare capacity at a time when
the rest of the world consumes more oil than it was finding.
    "Since 1970 we've been consuming oil at rates of 20-25
billion barrels per year while making new discoveries of only
about 10-15 bilion barrels per year," McIvor said.
    "The bulk of the inventory and more than half of the
remaining proved reserves lies in the middle east which is
producing at much less than current capacity," he added.
    McIvor said that of the some 30,000 oil fields discovered
so far only 37 "one-one thousandth of the total number contained
about 35 pct of all the oil ever discovered."
    McIvor said, in response to a question, that he did not
believe there were any more "super giants", or oil fields with
reserves greater than five billion barrels, to be found which
would change the conclusion of the world's growing dependency.
    "Of those 37 super giants only 11 lie outside the Middle
East. Only five of the 37 have been discovered in the past 20
years and only two of these lie outside the middle east
(Cantarell in Mexico and Alaska's North Slope)." McIvor said.
    McIvor said that many of the large fields outside the U.S.
like Alaska's Prudhoe Bay and the North Sea were reaching a
peak and would soon begin to decline.
    But the Exxon executive said that there were still plenty
of opportunities to be explored and developed outside of the
Middle east, particulartly in Canada, the North Sea, and
Australia and Africa.
    McIvor said that decisions to explore and drill in those
areas would be depedent upon both the expectations of a higher
price of oil as well as the legal regime affecting the
companies.
    "The ideal regime is a stable one not one where there is a
constant change in policies," McIvor said.
    McIvor said he opposed import subsidies or tariffs used to
increase exploration as these only benefit one part of the
economy at the expense of other parts of the economy.
    Asked about the options offered this week by U.S. Energy
Secretary Herrington to increase U.S. production McIvor said he
could not comment on subjects like the oil depletion allowance
now but "the thrust of his (Herrington) report is valid. It has
highlighted the growing dependency on the Middle east and the
need to increase U.S. production."
    McIvor also said that he expected natural gas to play a
greater role in the future in meeting energy needs.
    "Natural gas will have the opportunity to become an
increasingly important part of the worlkd's energy supply,"
McIvor said.
    "Crude oil will be used more and more as a transportation
fuel and natural gas will be used more to generate heat, as an
industrial fuel," he added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8630>
Leading Australian onshore oil and gas
producer, Santos Ltd &lt;STOS.S>, said its 1986 results were hit
by sharp reductions in prices for crude oil, condensate and
liquefied petroleum gas (LPG).
    The Cooper Basin producer earlier reported a fall in net
profit to 88.67 mln dlrs from 144.04 mln in 1985.
    Santos chairman Sir Brian Massy-Greene said in a statement
that increased production, particularly of oil and LPG, along
with reduced operating costs and reduced or deferred oil
exploration and development outlays, were helping Santos deal
with an adverse business climate.
    Santos said it remained financially strong with an
injection of 84 mln dlrs from the second instalment of a 1985
rights issue, and had cash reserves of 381.3 mln dlrs at the
end of 1986 against 401.9 mln a year earlier.
    It said it had also made significant progress in repaying
debts and at year end the ratio of debt to shareholders' funds
had fallen to 1.01 from 1.54.
    Santos yesterday announced a 4.00 dlr a share takeover bid
for the 96.93 pct it did not already hold in oil and gas
company &lt;TMOC Resources Ltd> -- valuing the target at 248.5 mln
dlrs.
    Santos said 75 pct of its loans were U.S. Dollar
denominated and significant currency purchases were made during
the year to maintain that natural hedge. At year end it held
145 mln U.S. Dlrs, enough to meet all 1987 repayments.
    Santos said it had a successful gas exploration program,
finding 172 billion cubic feet in South Australia, but oil
exploration was less successful with 1.62 mln barrels added to
reserves -- less than depletion during the year.
    Cooper Basin producers are committed to a two-year scheme
to double gas exploration while Santos said its 1987 budget for
oil exploration had been boosted 20 pct.
    Santos said the outlook for 1987 depended on prices and
production volumes but with extra oil exploration and
encouraging gas finds there were grounds for optimism.
    But it called on the goverment to continue fostering
domestic producers through the Import Parity Price scheme.
    "It makes no sense to abandon this policy now when
exploration is at its lowest level for many years and when
Australia's oil self-sufficency is expected to decline rapidly,"
Massy-Green said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8815>
A unanimous Supreme Court ruled that
oil and gas exploration can proceed on two tracts off the
Alaska coast which were leased by the federal government to
eight major oil companies.
    The ruling was an important victory for the oil companies
and the Reagan administration's controversial off-shore leasing
program and a setback for two small Alaskan villages that
challenged the leases by claiming damage to the environment.
    The administration said that the court-ordered halt in
drilling had created uncertainty over the 4.2 billion dlrs paid
for 621 leases off the shores of Alaska since December 1980.
    A federal appeals court ordered the oil companies to halt
all exploration and remove all drilling rigs from two tracts in
the Bering Sea off Alaska because of possible harm to the
subsistence needs and culture of native Eskimos.
    But the Supreme Court said the appeals court was wrong in
issuing an injunction halting exploration.
    "Here, injury to subsistence resources from exploration was
not at all probable," Justice Byron White wrote for the court.
"And on the other side of the balance of harms was the fact
that the oil companies had committed approximately 70 mln dlrs
to exploration to be conducted during the summer of 1985 which
they would have lost without chance of recovery had exploration
been enjoined," he said.
    The oil companies, Amoco Corp &lt;AN>, ARCO, Exxon Corp &lt;XON>,
Mobil Corp &lt;MOB>, Sohio, Shell, Texaco Inc &lt;TX> and Union Oil,
had said that voiding previously granted leases would result in
staggering financial losses.
    The first lease sale in 1983 involved 2.4 mln acres and
generated 318 mln dlrs while the second lease sale in 1984
covered 37 mln acres and produced 516 mln dlrs.
    Administration officials, saying the lease sales were
preceded by an intense environmental impact study, denied that
the oil and gas exploration would hurt subsistence resources.
    The Alaskan villages of Gambell and Stebbins, along with an
organization of Eskimo natives on the Yukon Delta, argued that
the drilling would hurt native hunting and fishing.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8820>
&lt;Shell U.K. Ltd's> pre-tax profit on
exploration and production operations fell to 869 mln stg in
1986 from 2.12 billion in 1985 due to the fall in oil prices
last year, Shell U.K. Finance director Nigel Haslam said.
    But he told a press conference that due to the high
marginal tax rate on North Sea operations, the main impact of
the drop in profit was absorbed by a fall in taxation to 330
mln stg from 1.45 billion in 1985.
    The bulk of tax last year was Corporation Tax, with
Petroleum Revenue Tax (PRT) representing only 16 mln stg, he
said.
    As a result, post-tax profit from the exploration and
production sector fell by only 126 mln stg to 539 mln.
    Earlier, Shell U.K., a subsidiary of Royal Dutch/Shell
Group &lt;RD.AS>, reported an overall net profit of 757 mln stg,
up from 667 mln in 1985, on sales of 6.57 billion stg against
8.81 mln.
    Shell U.K. Chairman Bob Reid said the company's crude oil
output from the North Sea was at a record 373,000 bpd in 1986,
which would almost certainly prove to be a peak for the
company. Shell expects a fall in output of around 10 pct in the
current year to around 340,000 bpd, due mainly to the decline
in output from the major Brent field, he said.
    Gas output of 5.9 billion cubic metres and natural gas
liquids output of around one mln tonnes in 1986 are expected to
be maintained in 1987, he said.
    A final decision on development of the Kittiwake and Osprey
North Sea oil fields will be made in the next 12 to 18 months,
Reid said. The Kittiwake field, originally part of the 2.5
billion stg Gannet project abandoned last year when the oil
price fell, is now estimated to cost around 350 mln stg.
    Economies on development costs for the Tern and Eider North
Sea fields, which were approved last year, have brought the
cost down to 30 to 35 pct below the original budget.
    Day to day operating costs of the exploration and
production sector had been cut 10 pct last year, and the target
is to keep costs per barrel constant.
    The company drilled 17 wells offshore, with 10 leading to
the discovery of hydrocarbons, although it is too early to
gauge the commercial viability of these discoveries, Reid said.
    Restructuring of the downstream oil sector contributed to a
profit rise to 187 mln stg in 1986 from 91 mln stg in 1985.
    Jaap Klootwijk, managing director of downstream unit &lt;Shell
U.K. Oil>, said refining margins in the first quarter of 1987
were a "bit better than the very bad fourth quarter 1986."
    In November and December in particular, refining operations
had shown negative margins following the fall in crude and oil
product prices, he said. He expected margins to continue
generally positive over the summer, although they could dip to
become negative from time to time, depending on price
movements.
    A new catalytic cracker at Shell's Stanlow refinery will
now come on stream by the end of first quarter 1988, about five
months behind schedule, following a crane accident which
severely damaged the plant last year, he said.
    Profits from the chemicals sector rose to 33 mln stg from
11 mln after the rationalisation of the Carrington chemical
site.
    Haslam said the Budget announcement on PRT relief, by which
companies will be allowed to offset up to 10 pct of qualifying
development expenditure on certain future oil fields against
PRT, was "helpful," but rather less than had been hoped for.
    Reid said his estimate of crude oil prices this year was in
the range of 15 to 18 dlrs. If prices went much above that, he
would expect some over-production above OPEC"s official 15.8 mln
bpd output ceiling which would tend to bring prices back down.
    He said it looked as if the December OPEC pact to restrain
output was holding, bringing supply and demand into balance,
but the test will come in summer when demand for OPEC oil will
fall.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9077>
Trinidad and Tobago is
finalizing arrangements with Union Carbide &lt;UK> of the United
States and Snamprogetti of Italy for the construction of a
1,500 tonnes per day methanol plant, Energy Minister Kelvin
Ramnath said.
    Ramnath said the ministry is now holding talks with Union
Carbide on the price of natural gas to be used in the plant,
which will be constructed near the Trinidad and Tobago oil
company (Trintoc) refinery at Point Fortin on the west coast.
    Snamprogetti built the first methanol refinery on trinidad
five years ago.
    Trintoc is likely to put up land, refinery plant and
machinery as equity. If negotiations go smoothly, ramnath said,
construction could begin by next january.
    The government of prime minister A.N.R. Robinson is hoping
to lue new investors to the twin-island state's petrochemical
industry, in order to make use of new findings of natural gas.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9100>
Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Corp
said that it is not willing to accept the Federal Energy
Regulatory Commission's conditioned approval of its proposed
offer of settlement dated May 13.
    Transco said it filed a revised settlement proposal which
would permit it to become an open access transporter while
restructuring gas sales services.
    The new offer includes a gas supply inventory charge to
customers who fail to buy 60 pct of their annual contract
quantities and 35 pct of their summer contract quantities.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9436>
Energy Secretary John Herrington has
proposed several ways to boost U.S. oil production, but he said
all would cost the Treasury money and will come under close
White House scrutiny before action is taken.
    One measure he said he favored would raise the depletion
allowance to 27.5 pct on new oil and gas production as well as
production using enhanced extraction methods.
    Herrington said such a plan would cost 200 mln dlrs a year.
The White House, reacting, said it did not favor amending the
tax code, but would look at the proposal.
    Herrington's proposals to spur production were made along
with the release last week of the energy department's report on
energy and the national security.
    The report said U.S. oil imports, rapidly rising, could hit
50 pct by the mid 1990s and have potentially damaging
implications for national security.
    He has said since in speeches and at news conferences that
any plan he would back to spur lagging domestic oil production
would have to meet three criteria--increase production, not
cause economic dislocation, and be low cost to the taxpayer.
    Herrington said an import fee would meet the first test,
spurring production but fail the second and third.
    He said it would raise production and return 120,000 oil 
workers to their jobs, but at the same time it lifted oil
prices, the higher prices would cost 400,000 jobs nationwide
and cut the gross national product by 32 billion dlrs.
    A tax on gasoline, he said, would fail the first criteria
by not increasing domestic production.
    In any case, U.S. officials say, President Reagan remains
firmly opposed to an import fee and a gasoline tax.
    Options which meet Herrington's criteria include:
    - Loan-price guarantees to shield banks from defaults by
borrowers because of lower oil prices. It was estimated that if
oil fell to five dlrs a barrel it could trigger defaults that
could cost the government an estimated 15 billion dlrs.
    - A five pct tax credit for exploration and development. It
would raise oil and gas production the equivalent of 325,000
barrels a day, at a cost of 740 mln dlrs a year.
    - A five pct credit only for geological and geophysical
expenditures. It would increase production by 80,000 barrels a
day, at a cost of 65 mln dlrs.
    - Lower bid minimums on outer continental shelf acreage to
spur exploration. A drop from the present 150 dlrs per acre for
the typical 5,760 acre tract to 25 dlrs per acre would lower
the cost of the standard tract lease to 144,000 dlrs.
    Herrington also pressed anew for existing Administration
proposals to deregulate natural gas, which he said would cut
the need for imported oil by 300,000 barrels daily.
    He also called again for Congressional approval to explore
off the continental shelf, which may hold more than 12 billion
barrels of oil, and the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, which
may hold nine billion barrels.
    Herrington said he understood the Reagan's reluctance to 
amend the newly enacted tax code to fund some of these
proposals, but added he hoped his department's energy/security
study would make a strong case for the need to help the
struggling domestic oil industry.
    Another move Herrington said he will press anew, even
though it had been rejected earlier by the White House, is to
raise the fill-rate for the Strategic Petroleum Reserve to
100,000 barrels a day from its planned 1988 rate of 35,000.
    This, he said, would further bolster national security in
case of an oil-supply disruption.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9583>
Texaco Inc's oil and gas reserves
declined in 1986 despite reduced production and upward
revisions in the company's previous reserve estimates, its
annual report said.
    The statement of the report's auditor was qualified -- as
was the previous one -- because of the unkonwn final impact of
the judgement won by Pennzoil Co &lt;PZL> against Texaco on
charges Texaco interfered with Pannzoil's contract to acquire
Getty Oil Co.
    The auditor's point out, as Texaco has in the past, the
company's loss of any of several pending court decisions in
this case could cause it "to face prospects such as having to
seek protection of its assets and business pursuant to the
bankruptcy and reorganization provisions of Chapter 11" of the
federal bankruptcy code.
    Commenting on a Texas Court of Appeals ruling which reduced
Pennzoil's judgement by two billion dlrs, to 9.1 billion dlrs,
Texaco said it will file a motion for a rehearing by the
appeals court no later than March 30.
    Texaco said the proven crude oil reserves of the company
and its consolidated subsidiaries totaled 2.54 billion barrels
at the end of 1986, down from 2.69 billion a year earlier.
    However, inclusion of Texaco's equity in the Eastern
Hemisphere reserves of a nonsubsidiary company limited the
decline to 2.91 billion barrels from 3.00 billion at the end of
1985.
    Worldwide production by the consolidated subsidiaries
declined to 341 mln barrels last year from 362 mln in 1985 and
upward revisions in previous reserve estimates rose to 143 mln
barrels from 117 mln, respectively.
    Texaco said the largest drop in reserves came in the United
States -- where the total dropped to 1.46 billion barrels from
1.55 billion.
    The company said U.S. liquids production averaged 660,000
barrels per day last year, down from 714,000 in 1985, with
about 44 pct of the decline -- some 24,000 barrels per day --
representing high-cost production shut-in or curtailed in
response to the decline in crude oil prices during 1986.
    Texaco said its natural gas reserves totaled 8.16 trillion
cubic feet at year end, down from 8.87 trillion cubic feet at
the end of 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9639>
Unocal Corp said it intends to
increase its spending for capital projects to 929 mln dlrs in
1987, eight pct more than the 862 mln spent in 1986.
    The company said in its annual report that it would
increase spending for exploration and development of petroleum
resources by about three pct to 614 mln dlrs from 1986's 595
mln dlrs, assuming oil prices hold around current levels.
    The planned spending for exploration and production in 1987
remains well below the 1.1 billion dlrs spent in 1985, Unocal
said.
    The company's proved developed and undeveloped reserves of
crude oil rose slightly in 1986, Unocal said. Net crude oil and
condensate reserves were 752 mln bbls as of Dec 31, 1986,
compared to 751 mln bbls at the end of 1985, Unocal said.
    The company said its net crude oil and condensate
production averaged 248,200 barrels per day in 1986 compared to
251,300 bpd in 1985.
    Unocal said its worldwide natural gas reserves were 6.07
billion cubic feet in 1986 compared to 1985's 6.19 billion. Net
natural gas output averaged 976 mln cubic feet per day in 1986,
down 10 pct from 1985's 1,084 mln, the company said.
    Unocal said its average sales prices for crude oil was
12.67 dlrs a barrel worldwide in 1986 compared to 23.81 dlrs in
1985, and its average sales price for natural gas was 2.03 dlrs
per thousand cubic feet in 1986 against 2.24 dlrs in 1985.
    Average production costs for crude oil and natural gas
declined nearly 30 pct to 3.41 dlrs per bbl of oil equivalent
in 1986 from 4.81 dlrs in 1985, Unocal said.
    In the annual report, the company called for imposition of
an oil import fee by the U.S. government to set a floor price
of about 25 dlrs a barrel for crude oil.
    "Simply stabilizing prices at about 18 dlrs per barrel    
will not materialy slow the drop in U.S. production or the rise
in imports," Chairman Fred Hartley said in the annual report.
    "Without decisive action in Washington, this nation will
once again become a hostage to OPEC's plans and policies,"
Hartley said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9650>
Pennzoil Co said it had not yet
received any "meaningful settlement offer" from Texaco Inc but
added that the company remained willing to consider proposals
to settle the 10.2 billion dlr jury judgment it won against
Texaco.
    In its newly-released annual report to shareholders,
Pennzoil said it expected the Texas state court judgment, which
was upheld by a state appeals court on February 12, to be
upheld if appealed again.
    "To date, Pennzoil has yet to receive any meaningful
settlement offer from Texaco, though it remains open to any
realistic effort to settle the matter," Pennzoil chairman Hugh
Liedtke said in the annual report.
    Pennzoil also said it had budgeted 212 mln dlrs for capital
spending in 1987, a drop from the 233 mln dlrs spent last year.
    Proved U.S. and foreign reserves of natural gas declined to
964 billion cubic feet last year, from 1.01 trillion cubic feet
in 1985, because of a virtual halt in its exploration program,
Pennzoil said. Its crude oil reserves dropped to 140 mln
barrels from 158 mln barrels in 1985.
     The Houston-based company said it sold an average of 339
mln cubic feet of domestic natural gas each day last year, a 17
pct drop from 1985. The average sales price for gas dropped by
60 cents per mcf to 2.16 dlrs per mcf, Pennzoil said.
    U.S. crude oil and gas liquids production last year fell to
an average of 33,290 barrels per day from 34,102 barrels per
day in 1985.
    The company's total revenues in 1986 declined to 482.3 mln
dlrs, from 762.5 mln dlrs the previous year. Operating income
in 1986 fell more than 80 pct, to 38.0 mln dlrs.
    Pennzoil said its goals for 1987 included development of
its Point Arguello oilfield off the California coast, to
maintain current production levels in its Bluebell-Altamont
Field in Utah and to drill for prospects in the Gulf of
Mexico's Mobile Bay area.
    "Production should begin late in the year from the Harvest
Platform in the Santa Maria Basin offshore California," the
company said. "Pennzoil's share of this production initially
should be five thousand barrels a day, increasing to a peak of
15 thousand barrels a day, net, by 1989."
    In its sulphur business, Pennzoil said production totaled
2.1 mln long tons last year, a decline of 18 pct from 1985. The
average sales price also declined, to 138.25 dlrs per long ton
from 141.05 dlrs in 1985.
    "The long term outlook for our sulphur operations remains
bright," the company said. "We expect sulphur's pricing
structure to strengthen during the current year, probably in
the third and fourth quarters."
            
 Reuter
</BODY>
