<BODY DOCID=10678>
Sumitomo Metal Mining Co said it will
raise its monthly nickel output to around 1,750 tonnes from
April 1 from 1,650 now because of increased domestic demand,
mainly from stainless steel makers.
    Sumitomo produced 1,800 tonnes of a nickel a month until
end-1986, but cut output in January because of stagnant demand,
a company official said.
    Calendar 1987 production is likely to fall to around 20,000
tonnes from 22,000 in 1986 as a result of the first quarter
reduction, he said.
    Sumitomo is Japan's only nickel producer.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12484>
The London Metal Exchange, LME, issued
turnovers for March 1987, with figures for corresponding period
1986 in brackets.
    All in tonnes except Silver which in troy ounces.
    Copper higher grade nil (2,526,425), Standard cathodes nil
(6,325), Grade A 2,429,200 (nil), Standard Copper 17,050 (nil),
Lead 443,850 (538,750), Zinc High grade 598,550 (304,825),
Silver large 10,350,000 (17,400,000), Small nil (2,000),
Aluminium 1,693,375 (1,301,850), Nickel 62,004 (65,040).
    Cumulative figures for January-March were as follows -
Copper higher grade nil (7,703,625), Standard cathodes nil
(24,700), Grade A 6,455,525 (nil), Standard Copper 62,075
(nil), Lead 1,567,000 (1,979,750), Zinc High grade 1,746,675
(1,356,400), Silver large 41,770,000 (65,620,000), Small nil
(8,000), Aluminium 4,984,650 (4,974,950), Nickel 199,944
(179,328).
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14297>
The U.S. Mint said it is seeking
offers on 3,701,000 lbs of electrolytic copper and 629,000 lbs
of electrolytic cut nickel cathodes or briquettes that it
intends to purchase.
    It said both metals are for delivery in the week of May 11
to Olin Corp, East Alton, Ill.
    Offers for the copper are due by 1100 hrs EDT, April 21,
while offers on the nickel are due at 1100 hrs EDT on April 14.
    The Mint said that firms, in submitting their offers,
select to receive payment by standard check or be wire
transfer. Awards are determined by whichever of the two methods
is most cost advantageous, based on the cost of money at that
time.
    The minimum acceptance periods for each solicitation is
three calendar days for the copper and 10 calendar days for the
nickel, the Mint said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2782>
Technigen Platinum corp said it
initial results of a 13-hole drilling program on its R.M. Nicel
platinum property in Rouyn-Noranda, Quebec, indicate
"extensive" near-surface zones "highly" enriched in gold,
platinum and palladium were found in rocks on the periphery of
a sulphide deposit.
    It said values of up to 0.073 ounce of platinum, 0.206
ounce palladium, three pct copper and 4.5 pct nickel were found
over a drill section of 13 feet.
                  
 More
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2880>
Technigen Platinum corp said initial
results of a 13-hole drilling program on its R.M. Nicel
platinum property in Rouyn-Noranda, Quebec, indicate extensive
near-surface zones highly enriched in gold, platinum and
palladium.
    The metals were found in rocks on the periphery of a
sulphide deposit.
    It said values of up to 0.073 ounce of platinum, 0.206
ounce palladium, three pct copper and 4.5 pct nickel were found
over a drill section of 13 feet.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4769>
The Finnish metal and mining group
Outokumpu Oy said it will close its nickel refinery at
Harjavalta in central Finland for six weeks in July and August
this year due to current low prices on the nickel market.
    "We consider nickel prices as bad at the moment, although
they have been rising slightly since January," refinery sales
manager Pekka Purra said.
    He said the closure will mean a drop in production of 3,000
tonnes in 1987 from last year's output of 17,800 tonnes. The
closure was also a move to cut labour costs as no extra staff
have to be employed during holidays to keep the plant open.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5693>
SAFT, a unit of Cie Generale
d'Electricite of France, said it bought U.K.-based Alcad Ltd
from Penn Central Corp's Marathon Manufacturing Cos Inc.
    Terms of the deal were not disclosed.
    Alcad is one of the world's largest producers of
pocket-plate nickel-cadmium storeage batteries, used in
industrial and railroad applications to start engines and as
light sources, SAFT said.
    SAFT said it expects to add 400 jobs at the U.K.
operations.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7126>
Preliminary talks are on between two
state-owned Philippine banks and Soviet metal trading and
equipment sales company Tsvetmetpromexport on rescuing Nonoc
Mining and Industrial Corp (NMIC) which operates the
Philippines' only nickel refinery, a Soviet official said.
    G.I. Valentchits, Deputy Trade Minister at the Soviet
embassy, told Reuters a report earlier this week that
Tsvetmetpromexport had asked the Philippine government whether
it could help rehabilitate or operate NMIC was incorrect.
    "It is the other way round," Valentchits said.
    He said the Development Bank of the Philippines (DBP) and
the Philippine National Bank (PNB), which own NMIC, had
approached the Soviet state-owned firm in August last year.
    "We studied the question and asked the banks in which field
and what area they can help in the project," Valentchits said.
    He said there had been no reply yet from NMIC and the talks
were "only just initial."
    NMIC President Arthur Aguilar and other company officials
were not available for comment.
    Manila banking sources said the situation was serious at
NMIC, set up by DBP and PNB in August 1984 after the two banks
foreclosed on the assets of Marinduque Mining and Industrial
Corp over a 17 billion peso obligation.
    The bankers said NMIC itself has recently filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for placing the
company under receivership and the suspension of its debt
payments in order to protect it from threats of foreclosure.
    Business Day newspaper said the latest credits extended to
NMIC include a 127 mln dlr loan, with Chemical Bank as the lead
agent.
    The newspaper said another 33 mln dlr loan was lead managed
by Citicorp.
    It said the government's privatisation program has listed
NMIC at a price of at least 700 mln dlrs, adding that foreign
investors were wary of taking over the ailing nickel firm.
    The bankers said NMIC was currently burdened with debts of
at least 15.8 billion pesos and is facing 10 civil lawsuits for
foreclosures from major creditors.
    The Business Bulletin newspaper said the firm had assets
totalling 12.2 billion pesos, while DBP and PNB exposures with
the firm were estimated at 14.9 billion pesos.
    NMIC has not operated its plant in the southern Philippines
since March 1986 after workers struck demanding payment of
salaries delayed because of the firm's financial difficulties.
    The firm produced 1,863 tonnes of nickel in the first two
months of 1986, compared with 2,364 tonnes in the same period
in 1985. The mine's capacity is 2,000 tonnes a month.
 Reuter
</BODY>
