<BODY DOCID=6>
Argentine grain board figures show
crop registrations of grains, oilseeds and their products to
February 11, in thousands of tonnes, showing those for futurE
shipments month, 1986/87 total and 1985/86 total to February
12, 1986, in brackets:
    Bread wheat prev 1,655.8, Feb 872.0, March 164.6, total
2,692.4 (4,161.0).
    Maize Mar 48.0, total 48.0 (nil).
    Sorghum nil (nil)
    Oilseed export registrations were:
    Sunflowerseed total 15.0 (7.9)
    Soybean May 20.0, total 20.0 (nil)
    The board also detailed export registrations for
subproducts, as follows,
    SUBPRODUCTS
    Wheat prev 39.9, Feb 48.7, March 13.2, Apr 10.0, total
111.8 (82.7) .
    Linseed prev 34.8, Feb 32.9, Mar 6.8, Apr 6.3, total 80.8
(87.4).
    Soybean prev 100.9, Feb 45.1, MAr nil, Apr nil, May 20.0,
total 166.1 (218.5).
    Sunflowerseed prev 48.6, Feb 61.5, Mar 25.1, Apr 14.5,
total 149.8 (145.3).
    Vegetable oil registrations were :         
    Sunoil prev 37.4, Feb 107.3, Mar 24.5, Apr 3.2, May nil,
Jun 10.0, total 182.4 (117.6).                  
    Linoil prev 15.9, Feb 23.6, Mar 20.4, Apr 2.0, total 61.8,
(76.1).                         
    Soybean oil prev 3.7, Feb 21.1, Mar nil, Apr 2.0, May 9.0,
Jun 13.0, Jul 7.0, total 55.8 (33.7).        REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=69>
Reporting members of the National
Soybean Processors Association (NSPA) crushed 21,782,929
bushels of soybeans in the week ended Feb 25 compared with
22,345,718 bushels in the previous week and 16,568,000 in the
year-ago week, the association said.
    It said total crushing capacity for members was 25,873,904
bushels vs 25,873,904 last week and 25,459,238 bushels last
year.
    NSPA also said U.S. soybean meal exports in the week were
117,866 tonnes vs 121,168 tonnes a week ago and compared with
84,250 tonnes in the year-ago week.
    NSPA said the figures include only NSPA member firms.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=97>
The Agricultural Stabilization and
Conservation Service (ASCS) has established these unit values
for commodities offered from government stocks through
redemption of Commodity Credit Corporation commodity
certificates, effective through the next business day.
    Price per bushel is in U.S. dollars. Sorghum is priced per
CWT, corn yellow grade only.
     WHEAT     HRW   HRS    SRW   SWW   DURUM
 Chicago       --    3.04   2.98  --    --
 Ill. Track    --    --     3.16  --    --
 Toledo        --    3.04   2.98  2.90  --
 Memphis       --    --     3.05  --    --
 Peoria        --    --     3.11  --    --
 Denver        2.62  2.63  --    --    --
 Evansville    --    --    2.99  --    --
 Cincinnati    --    --    2.96  --    --
 Minneapolis   2.65  2.71  --    --    3.70
 Baltimore/
 Norf./Phil.   --    --    3.06  2.98  --
 Kansas City   2.87  --    3.17  --    --
 St. Louis     3.03  --    3.03  --    --
 Amarillo/
 Lubbock       2.64  --    --    --    --
               HRW   HRS   SRW   SWW   DURUM
 Lou. Gulf     --    --    3.16  --    --
 Portland/
 Seattle       3.07  3.08  --    3.10  3.70
 Stockton      2.78  --    --    --    --
 L.A.          3.23  --    --    --    4.05
 Duluth        2.65  2.71  --    --    3.70
 Tex. Gulf     3.10  --    3.16  --    --

             CORN  BRLY  OATS  RYE   SOYB  SORG
 Chicago     1.47  --    --    --    4.81  2.49
 Ill. Track  1.49  2.04  --    --    4.85  2.52
 Toledo      1.41  2.04  1.50  --    4.78  2.39
 Memphis     1.59  1.95  1.71  --    4.90  2.86
 Peoria      1.51  ---   --    --    4.80  2.60
 Denver      1.56  1.56  --    --    --    2.54
 Evnsvlle    1.54  2.04  1.50  2.17  4.90  2.61
 Cinci       1.52  2.04  1.50  2.17  4.85  2.58
 Mpls        1.34  1.75  1.50  1.85  4.68  --
 Balt/Nor/
 Phil        1.70  1.80  --    --    4.98  3.12
 KC          1.49  1.56  1.64  --    4.76  2.58
 St Lo       1.54  --    1.66  --    4.90  2.91
 Amarlo/
 Lubbck      1.84  1.40  --    --    4.75  2.92
 Lou Gulf    1.73  --    --    --    5.05  3.12
 Port/
 Seattle     1.87  2.10  1.68  --    --    --
 Stockton    2.18  2.23  2.10  --    --    4.00
 LA          2.54  2.50  --    --    --    4.38
 Duluth      1.34  1.75  1.50  1.85  4.68  --
 Tex Gulf    1.73  1.48  1.73  --    5.05  3.12
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=200>
The sharp decline in soybean crush ratios
seen in the last few weeks, accelerating in recent days, has
pushed margins below the cost of production at most soybean
processing plants and prompted many to cut output of soybean
meal and oil.
    The weekly U.S. soybean crush rate was reported by the
National Soybean Processors Association this afternoon at 21.78
mln bushels, down from the 22 mln bushel plus rate seen over
the past two months when crush margins surged to the best
levels seen in over a year.
    Active soymeal export loadings at the Gulf had pushed
soybean futures and premiums higher, prompting a pick-up in the
weekly crush number.
    However, much of that export demand seems to have been met,
with most foreign meal users now waiting for the expected surge
in shipments of new crop South American soymeal over the next
few months.
    U.S. processors are now finding domestic livestock feed
demand is very light for this time of year due to the milder
than normal winter, so they steadily dropped offering prices in
an attempt to find buying interest, soyproduct dealers said.
    Soybean meal futures have also steadily declined in recent
weeks, setting a new contract low of 139.70 dlrs per ton in the
nearby March contract today.
    "Many speculators down here bought March soymeal and sold
May, looking for no deliveries (on first notice day tomorrow,
which would cause March to gain on deferreds)," one CBT crush
trader said.
    "But they've been bailing out this week because the March
has been acting like there will be a lot delivered, if not
tomorrow, then later in the month," he added.
    As a result of the weakness in soymeal, the March crush
ratio (The value of soyproducts less the cost of the soybeans)
fell from the mid 30s earlier this month to 22.6 cents per
bushel today, dropping over five cents in just the last two
days.
    The May crush ended today just over 17 cents, so no
processors will want to lock in a ratio at that unprofitable
level, the trader said. Hopefully, they will now start to cut
back production to get supplies in line with demand, he added.
    With futures down, processors are finding they must bid
premiums for cash soybeans, further reducing crush margins.
    A central Illinois processor is only making about 30 cents
for every bushel of soybeans crushed at current prices, down
sharply from levels just seen just a few weeks ago and below
the average cost of production, cash dealers said.
    Most soybean processing plants are still in operation, with
little talk of taking temporary down-time, so far. But
processors will start halting production in the next few weeks
it they continue to face unprofitable margins, they added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=229>
The Tokyo Grain Exchange said it will raise
the margin requirement on the spot and nearby month for U.S.
And Chinese soybeans and red beans, effective March 2.
    Spot April U.S. Soybean contracts will increase to 90,000
yen per 15 tonne lot from 70,000 now. Other months will stay
unchanged at 70,000, except the new distant February
requirement, which will be set at 70,000 from March 2.
    Chinese spot March will be set at 110,000 yen per 15 tonne
lot from 90,000. The exchange said it raised spot March
requirement to 130,000 yen on contracts outstanding at March
13. Chinese nearby April rises to 90,000 yen from 70,000.
    Other months will remain unchanged at 70,000 yen except new
distant August, which will be set at 70,000 from March 2.
    The new margin for red bean spot March rises to 150,000 yen
per 2.4 tonne lot from 120,000 and to 190,000 for outstanding
contracts as of March 13.
    The nearby April requirement for red beans will rise to
100,000 yen from 60,000, effective March 2.
    The margin money for other red bean months will remain
unchanged at 60,000 yen, except new distant August, for which
the requirement will also be set at 60,000 from March 2.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=297>
Japanese importers bought some 95,000
tonnes of Chinese soybeans late last month for May to September
shipment, under the semi-annual trade accords, trade sources
said.
    The FOB premium rose to 13.50 dlrs per tonne, up 2.50 dlrs
from the premium for the November to April shipment, but down
from 13.80 for the last May to September shipment.
    Flat prices for Chinese beans are based on futures prices
in Chicago plus the FOB premium.
    Japanese purchases of Chinese soybeans, including spot
buying, may have totalled 240,000 to 250,000 tonnes of the 1986
crop for November to April 1987 shipment, down from some
300,000 tonnes the previous year, the sources said.
    Domestic demand for edible-use soybeans is expected to
remain stable at about 240,000 to 250,000 tonnes a year, the
sources said.
    In recent years Japanese importers have overbought Chinese
edible-use soybeans and sold the surplus to domestic crushers,
but low 1986 U.S. Crop prices have discouraged the purchase of
Chinese origin beans for crushing, they said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=303>
Soybean imports are forecast to rise to
425,000 tonnes in 1987/88 (October/September) from an estimated
300,000 in 1986/87 and 375,000 in 1985/86, the U.S. Embassy
said in its annual report on Indonesia's agriculture.
    It said Indonesia did not achieve its goal of
self-sufficiency in soybean output in calendar 1986 because it
did not meet a planned increase in area planted and because
yields have remained below target.
    Soybean meal imports are forecast to fall to around 190,000
tonnes in 1987/88 from 270,000 tonnes in 1986/87 and 295,000
tonnes in 1985/86.
    Domestic soybean production is forecast to rise steadily to
1.08 mln tonnes in 1987/88 from 980,000 in the current year and
890,000 in 1985/86, the report said.
    Imports are forecast to fall in the current year but to
rise in 1987/88 because of a new soybean crushing plant due to
come on stream in early 1988.
    China is the main supplier with a 79 pct share, while the
U.S. Provides the rest, it said.
    "This pattern will likely continue during 1986/87 since
domestic soyfood processors prefer Chinese beans and are
willing to pay a premium for them," it said.
    Area planted is expected to increase by 10 pct in both
1986/87 and 1987/88.
    "Yield increases continue to be hampered by an insufficient
supply of quality seeds, along with pest and disease problems,"
the report said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=313>
and oil-bearing
raw materials, fats and oils rose to 2.16 mln tonnes on a
fat/oil basis in 1986 from 2.12 mln tonnes in 1985, the
Commodity Board for Margarine, Fats and Oils said.
    Exports of the same commodities fell to 1.35 mln tonnes
from 1.38 mln on a fat-oil basis.
    Fat- and oil-bearing raw materials imports rose to 760,000
from 709,200 tonnes on a fat/oil basis and to 3.47 mln tonnes
actual weight from 3.32 mln.
    Soyabeans were the main component, with imports rising to
2.82 mln tonnes actual weight from 2.75 mln. Sunflowerseed
imports fell to 308,200 from 342,900 tonnes while rapeseed
imports rose to 292,000 from 201,400 tonnes.
    Exports of fat- and oil-bearing raw materials rose to
28,700 tonnes from 19,800 on a fat/oil basis and to 137,200
from 89,900 tonnes actual weight.
    Soyabean exports rose to 119,400 tonnes actual weight from
73,200 tonnes.
    Imports of vegetable fats, including palm oil, rose to
445,400 tonnes from 362,500 and exports to 151,500 from
139,800.
    Vegetable oil imports fell to 227,500 tonnes in 1986 from
286,300 in 1985, and exports to 661,400 from 683,400 tonnes.
    Soyabean oil imports were 32,000 (48,200), sunflower oil
61,600 (92,800), rape oil 82,900 (94,900) and groundnut oil
9,300 (12,200). Exports of soybean oil were 325,900 (338,800),
sun oil 172,100 (189,800), rape oil 114,300 (103,400) and
groundnut oil 7,000 (10,400).
    Animal fat imports rose to 371,700 from 345,800 tonnes and
exports to 124,100 tonnes from 113,000. Fishoil imports fell to
190,600 from 265,600 and exports to 56,500 from 85,500 tonnes.
 reuter...
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=327>
Dutch animal feed usage in the first
half of the current season from July through December 1986 fell
7.6 pct to 6.5 mln tonnes from 7.1 mln in the same period of
1985, figures in the latest newsletter from the co-operative
Cebeco-Handelsraad show.
    Tapioca usage fell 9.1 pct to 1.4 mln tonnes from 1.6 mln
in the first half of the 1985/86 season.
    Grain usage fell 6.1 pct to 1.1 mln tonnes from 1.2 mln,
while soymeal usage fell 10 pct to 967,000 tonnes from 1.1 mln.
    Cornglutenfeed usage fell 17.8 pct to 729,000 tonnes from
887,000, but cornfeedmeal usage nearly doubled to 399,000
tonnes from 201,000.
    Citruspulp usage dropped 62.8 pct to 149,000 tonnes from
400,000 tonnes, while rapeseed and meal usage rose 9.6 pct to
217,000 tonnes from 198,000 and sunmeal rose 25.6 pct to
216,000 tonnes from 172,000 tonnes.
    During the whole of the season from July 1985 to June 1986,
Dutch soymeal usage fell 12 pct to 1.9 mln tonnes from 2.1 mln
the previous season, while sunmeal usage rose 25 pct to 408,000
tonnes from 325,000.
    Rapeseed and meal usage during the season also rose 14 pct
to 409,000 tonnes from 360,000, but citruspulp fell 37 pct to
516,000 tonnes from 826,000.
    Meanwhile, the value of exports of agricultural products
from the Netherlands in calendar 1986 fell 5.4 pct to 48.7
billion guilders from 51.5 billion in calendar 1985, figures
from the Ministry of Agriculture show.
    During the same period imports of agricultural products
dropped 13.1 pct to 31.2 billion guilders from 35.8 billion.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=486>
Talks due today between management and
unions to try to end the strike at Cargill U.K. Ltd's Seaforth
oilseed crushing plant have been rescheduled for Thursday, a
company spokesman said.
    Oilseed processing at the plant has been halted since
December 19 when mill workers walked out in protest at new
contract manning levels.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=833>
U.S. trade representative Clayton
Yeutter today said that if the European Community's Council of
Ministers approves a tax on vegetable oils and fats, another
major transatlantic trade row will erupt over agriculture.
    In a statement issued by the trade representative's office
following a speech to the American Soybean Association's board
of directors, Yeutter said the proposed tax would have a severe
impact on American soybean farmers, who export some 2.4 billion
dlrs in soybeans and products annually to the EC.
    "This is an unacceptable situation for us and its
(vegetable oils tax) enactment would leave us no choice but to
vigorously protect our trade rights and defend our access to
the European market," Yeutter said.
    Yeutter said the proposed vegetable oils tax would violate
EC obligations under the GATT.
    He said the effect of the tax would be to double the price
of soyoil produced from imported soybeans, making margarine
made from soyoil more expensive than tallow-based margarine,
and closer in price to expensive European butter.
    "I am astonished that the EC commission would propose such
a provocative measure so soon after we successfully resolved
the agricultural dispute over the enlargement of the EC to
include Spain and Portugal," Yeutter said.
    "It serves no purpose to embark on another confrontational
course before the recent wounds have healed and as we are
beginning to make progress on the Uruaguay round (of global
trade talks)," he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=855>
February volume at the Chicago Board of
Trade, CBT, declined 14 pct from the year-ago month to
8,191,266 contracts, the exchange said.
    A relatively steady interest rate climate reduced volume in
the most active contract, Treasury bond futures, by 17.5 pct
from a year ago to 4,307,645 contracts.
    However, trading in most agricultural futures contracts
increased last month, led by oats and corn futures.
    Oats volume tripled to 27,662 contracts, and corn volume
increased 35 pct to 580,204 contracts. Wheat and soybean oil
futures activity also rose from a year ago, while soybean and
soybean oil volume slipped, the exchange said.
    Major Market Index futures increased activity 37 pct during
the month with 194,697 contracts changing hands.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1151>
Japan bought 5,000 tonnes of Canadian
rapeseed overnight at an undisclosed price for April shipment,
trade sources said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1394>
Taiwan bought 25,000 tonnes U.S.
soybeans today at 203.40 dlrs a tonne, C and F, Gulf, for May
15-30 shipment, private export sources said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1405>
Chicago Board of trade grain traders and
analysts voiced a lot of interest in how farmers planned to
handle their upcoming spring plantings, prompting sales of new
crop months of corn and oats and purchases in new crop soybeans
in the futures markets.
    Professionals in the grains trade think that farmers will
be more willing to stick with corn acres than soybeans because
corn is protected by the acreage reduction program. That gives
deficiency payments to farmers if corn prices stay low.
    Farmers can place soybeans under the loan program if they
sign-up for reduced acreage, but they have no price guarantees.
    With the price outlook for both commodities so dismal,
traders believe farmers will want to stick with a sure thing
rather than gamble on soybeans, even though the new crop
soybean/corn ratio of 2.9/1 would make planting soybeans more
attractive under normal circumstances.
    An announcement late Friday that the USDA will lift the
limited cross-compliance requirement for the 1987 oats crop,
means farmers will be able plant an estimated two to three mln
more oat acres this year than last without being penalized,
traders said.
    Here too, acres some farmers may have been thinking of
shifting to soybeans will now be planted with oats, due to the
more attractive deal from the government, they added.
    Cotton prices are almost twice what they were just six
months ago, which should prompt many farmers in the South to
put soybean land back into cotton.
    One of the reasons for the steady increase in soybean
production in recent years has been a general shift of acres in
traditional cotton producing regions of the South to soybeans,
which are easier to grow, one commercial trader said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1582>
Torrential rains throughout
Argentina's grain-producing areas virtually paralysed coarse
grain harvesting in the week to yesterday, trade sources said.
    Sunflower, maize and sorghum harvests were particularly
affected, they said. But the rains proved to be a great aid to
soybean crops as their harvesting will not begin until April or
May.
    The rains did no damage to maize, sunflower and sorghum
crops though fresh rains in similar volume could reduce yields
and cut the total volume of this year's harvest.
    Rainfall measured between 15 and 270 mm in Buenos Aires,
with the heaviest rains in the province's western sectors,
between 15 and 100 mm in Cordoba, 15 and 120 mm in La Pampa, 10
and 75 mm in Santa Fe, 10 and 60 mm in Entre Rios, five and 40
mm in Misiones, and five and 50 mm in San Luis.
    No rain was recorded in Corrientes, Chaco and Formosa.
    Growers did not revise their estimates for total volume of
the coarse grain harvest over last week's estimates.
    Maize harvesting continued moving forward in central Santa
Fe, though slowly. Growers had harvested seven to nine pct of
total planted area, compared to five to seven pct last week.
    Total maize area planted for the 1986/87 harvest was
estimated at between 3.58 and 3.78 mln hectares, or two to
seven pct less than the 3.85 mln hectares planted in the
1985/86 harvest.
    Maize production is expected to total between 10.4 and 11
mln tonnes, or a drop of 17.5 to 19.4 pct over the 12.4 to 12.6
mln tonnes harvested last year according to private estimates,
or 18.9 to 21.9 pct lower than last year's volume, according to
official figures.
    The sunflower harvest advanced to between seven and nine
pct of total planted area.
    Two to 2.2 mln hectares have been planted with sunflowers
for this harvest, down 29.9 to 36.3 pct from last year's figure
of 3.14 mln hectares.
    Sunflower production is expected to total between 2.4 mln
and 2.7 mln tonnes, which would mean a drop of between 34.1 and
41.5 pct against the record 4.1 mln tonnes harvested in the
1985/86 harvest.
    Grain sorghum harvesting inched forward to between two and
four pct of total planted area, which this harvest is 1.23 to
1.30 mln hectares or 10.3 to 15.2 pct less than the 1.45 mln
hectares planted in the 1985/86 harvest.
    Sorghum production is expected to total between 3.2 mln and
3.5 mln tonnes, or 16.7 to 22 pct less than the 4.1 to 4.2
million tonnes harvested in 1985/86.
    Soybean production, by contrast, is expected to hit a
record 8.0 to 8.4 mln tonnes, which would mean an increase of
11.1 to 15.1 pct over last year's record figure of 7.2 to 7.3
mln tonnes, according to private estimates. Official figures
put last year's soybean harvest at 7.1 mln tonnes.
    Soybean crops were reported to be in generally very good
condition, helped by abundant rains and high temperatures.
    Total soybean-planted area for the 1986/87 harvest is
expected to be a record 3.7 to 3.8 mln hectares, up 10.8 to
13.8 pct from last year's harvest figure of 3.34 mln hectares.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1792>
The directors of the American Farm
Bureau, the nation's largest farm organization, voted Tuesday
to urge Congress to leave the 1985 farm bill in place without
alterations.
    "We are solidly opposed to opening up the 1985 farm bill,"
said Dean Kleckner, president. "The current farm bill has been
in place for just a little over a year and in our judgment
there is more to be gained at the present time from maintaining
the legislation.
    "Several independent studies ... indicate the 1985 farm
bill is better on balance than any of the alternatives being
advanced," Kleckner said.
    The Farm Bureau also urged Agriculture Secretary Richard
Lyng to adjust the loan rate for 1987 crop soybeans as much as
he deems possible under the farm bill to keep soybeans
competitive in the world market.
    A Farm Bureau proposal suggests that producers should be
eligible for supplemental payments in the form of PIK
certificates for the difference between 5.02 dlrs a bushel and
the new loan rate.
    The organization also urged Lyng to authorize deficiency
payments to farmers who were unable to plant 1987 winter wheat
because of adverse weather.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1882>
The package of proposed farm policy
changes that the Reagan administration sent to Congress today
includes a provision that would eliminate minimum price support
levels for upland cotton, rice and soybeans.
    The package, obtained by Reuters, also includes a
provision, outlined in advance by USDA officials, that would
increase the annual permissible cut in the basic price support
levels for all major crops to 10 pct from five pct.
    Under current law, the basic support prices for upland
cotton, rice and soybeans between 1987 and 1990 cannot be cut
below 50 cents per lb, 6.50 dlrs per hundredweight and 4.50
dlrs per bushel, respectively.
    USDA's intention to propose scrapping price floors for
cotton, rice and soybeans had not been disclosed previously.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1966>
Talks set for today between management
and unions to try to solve the labour dispute at Cargill U.K.
Ltd's Seaforth oilseed crushing plant have been rescheduled for
Monday, a company spokesman said.
    Oilseed processing at the mill has been at a standstill
since December 19.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10172>
There were no shipments of U.S.
grain or soybeans to the Soviet Union in the week ended March
19, according to the U.S. Agriculture Department's latest
Export Sales report.
     The USSR has purchased 2.40 mln tonnes of U.S. corn for
delivery in the fourth year of the U.S.-USSR grain agreement.
     Total shipments in the third year of the U.S.-USSR grains
agreement, which ended September 30, amounted to 152,600 tonnes
of wheat, 6,808,100 tonnes of corn and 1,518,700 tonnes of
soybeans.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10175>
Corn sales of 2,806,300 tonnes in
the week ended March 19 were the highest level since
mid-November, 1979, the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    The department said the USSR dominated the week's activity
with purchases of 1.4 mln tonnes (which were earlier reported
under the daily reporting system). Other large increaes were
posted for Japan and unknown destinations, it said.
    Taiwan purchased 296,300 tonnes for the 1986/87 season and
170,000 tonnes for the 1987/88 season, it said.
    Wheat sales of 317,200 tonnes for the current season and
125,000 tonnes for the 1987/88 season were down about one-third
from the preceding week and the four-week average.
    Wheat sales to China of 60,000 tonnes were switched from
1986/87 to the 1987/88 season, it noted.
    Soybean sales of 483,100 tonnes were 11 pct above the prior
week and two-thirds above the four-week average.
    Japan, the Netherlands, Mexico and Portugal were the main
buyers, the department said.
    Soybean cake and meal sales of 289,400 tonnes were
two-thirds above the previous week and the largest of the
marketing year, with Venezuela the dominant purchaser.
    Sales activity in soybean oil resulted in decreases of
4,400 tonnes, as reductions for unknown destinations more than
offset increases for Canada, the Dominican Republic and Panama,
the department said.
    Cotton sales of 57,900 running bales -- 43,800 bales for
the current year and 14,200 bales for the 1987/88 season --
were off 25 pct from the previous week and 50 pct from the
four-week average.
    Turkey, Thailand, South Korea and Canada were the major
buyers for the current season, while Thailand, Britain and
Japan were the major purchasers from the upcoming season, the
department said.
     Sorghum sales of 178,800 tonnes were two-thirds above the
prior week and 75 pct over the four-week average.
    Venezuela was the leading buyer it said.
    Sales of 41,800 tonnes of barley were 10 times the previous
week and 10 pct greater than  the four-week average. Israel,
Cyprus and Saudi Arabia were the main buyers, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10300>
India's castor oil exports are
provisionally estimated at 30,000 tonnes in fiscal 1986/87,
ending March 31, against 54,000 tonnes in 1985/86 due to a
shortfall in the domestic castorseed crop, private traders
said.
    Drought in parts of the country is expected to reduce the
castorseed crop to a provisionally estimated 350,000 tonnes in
1986/87 from 550,000 tonnes in 1985/86, they told Reuters.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10590>
Talks between management and unions at
Cargill U.K. Ltd's oilseed processing plant at Seaforth
adjourned today without a solution to the three month old
strike, a company spokesman said.
    Negotiations will resume next Tuesday, he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10705>
Japanese crushers have bought some
214,000 tonnes of Brazilian soybeans for late April/early July
shipment and may buy up to 140,000 to 190,000 tonnes more for
June to August shipment, trade sources said.
    Japan imported 128,089 tonnes of Brazilian beans in
calendar 1986, Finance Ministry customs-cleared statistics
show.
    The sources said Brazilian beans were cheaper than U.S.
Origin which may account for the heavy purchases, but added
there were concerns about deliveries from Brazil in the near
term due to labour problems there.
    The Japanese purchases comprise 30,000 tonnes for April
20/May 10 shipment, 102,000 for May, 15,000 for late May/early
June, 36,000 for June, and 31,000 for late June/early July
shipment, the sources said.
    As a result of the large volumes of Brazilian beans
purchased, Japanese crushers will buy a total of only 150,000
tonnes of U.S. Beans for May shipment. Some 100,000 of this
shipment has already been purchased, the sources added.
    They said crushers bought some 270,000 to 280,000 tonnes of
U.S. Beans for April shipment.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10712>
Newly-installed Philippine Coconut
Authority Chairman Jose Romero has announced the appointment of
lawyer Leandro Garcia as administrator, replacing Colonel Felix
Duenas who is returning to military duty.
    The new constitution does not allow military men to hold
positions in civilian agencies.
    Duenas and four other military men who were assigned to the
authority in 1978, will return to the ministry of defence where
they worked prior to their appointments at the coconut agency.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10720>
Philippine coconut oil exports to Europe
would be virtually wiped out if the European Community (EC)
implements a new tax on vegetable oils, Philippine Coconut
Authority (PCA) chairman Jose Romero said.
    But he told reporters he did not think the EC would impose
the tax because of objections from the U.S.
    "There's just so much flak coming from many countries,
spearheaded by the United States, whose soybean exports would
be adversely affected. This would spark a trade war," he said.
    The tax, to be imposed from July, would add about 375 dlrs
a tonne to vegetable oils entering the EC.
    The Philippines exported 43,540 tonnes of coconut oil worth
11.7 mln dlrs to Europe in January, against total exports of
86,959 tonnes worth 23.8 mln. It also exports copra and copra
meal.
    Agriculture Secretary Carlos Dominguez has also raised
objections to the proposed EC tax.
    He said it could cause the collapse of world demand and
prices and destroy the domestic industry.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10758>
Algeria will tender on April 3 for
20,000 tonnes of optional origin sunflowerseed oil/rapeseed oil
for Apr/May loading, traders said.
    Meanwhile, the market is awaiting results of an Algerian
import tender which took place over the weekend for about
10,000 tonnes of refined vegetable oils in drums, traders
added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10882>
Grain traders and analysts expect lower
wheat and soybean exports and higher corn exports than a year
ago in the USDA's export inspection report today.
    Corn export guesses ranged from 27.0 mln to 32.0 mln
bushels, compared with the 27.6 mln inspected last week and
20.5 mln a year ago.
    Soybean export guesses ranged from 14.0 mln to 16.0 mln, up
from the 13.4 mln inspected last week but below the 25.5 mln
reported a year ago.
    Wheat estimates ranged from 11.0 mln to 14.0 mln bushels,
compared with 12.0 mln reported last week and 18.3 mln a year
ago.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11052>
Japanese crushers bought 2,000 tonnes
of Canadian rapeseed in export business overnight for May
shipment, trade sources said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11233>
China bought 6,000 tonnes of Malaysian
refined bleached deodorised palm stearine today for May
shipment at prices equivalent to around 270 to 275 dlrs per
tonne fob, traders said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11541>
The outcome of negotiations on
proposals by the European Commission for a 330 Ecus a tonne tax
on EC-produced and imported oilseeds and marine oils remains
difficult to predict, Belgian agriculture minister Paul de
Keersmaeker told a news conference.
    De Keersmaeker, who chaired a meeting of EC farm ministers
which ended today, was asked about reports enough countries
were against the tax to ensure that it would be defeated in
negotiations on the EC farm price package for 1987/88.
    He said it was true some countries were strongly opposed,
but others were less so and others basically in favour.
    "I think there is room for negotiations, and I would not
want to make any predictions at this stage," de Keersmaeker
said.
    Yesterday, British minister Michael Jopling said Britain,
West Germany, Portugal, the Netherlands and Denmark were
opposed to the measure. Between them these countries have more
than enough voting power to block it.
    Diplomatic sources said at today's meeting the Spanish
delegation also expressed strong reservations about the idea.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11739>
The U.S. grain planting intentions and
stocks reports bear optimistic news for U.S agriculture, a
grain analyst on a Chicago Board of Trade panel said.
    The decline in intended soybean acreage and lower stocks
are "the first report we've had for a long time that shows any
optimism for anybody," said John "Bud" Frazier, grain analyst
and executive vice president for Balfour MacLaine, Inc.
    "I'm really excited about it," Frazier said.
    The U.S. Department of Agriculture said farmers intend to
plant 67.6 mln acres of corn, down from 76.7 mln planted last
year, and 56.8 mln acres of soybeans, down from 61.5 mln.
    The report showed March 1 stocks of 1.4 billion bushels of
soybeans, 8.3 billion bushels of corn, and 2.3 billion bushels
of wheat, all below trade guesses.
    Frazier was joined by Susan Hackmann, senior grain analyst
with AgriAnalysis, and Mark Meyer, a grain analyst with
Shearson Lehman Brothers, Inc., on a Chicago Board of Trade
panel to discuss the reports.
    Frazier said the stocks reports in particular were friendly
for the market, and soybean prices would jump three to five
cents a bushel "if the bell rang right now."
    "We're getting our disappearance up. We have less (corn and
soybeans) than we thought we had," he said, noting that hog and
poultry production is up.
    "We're seeing low prices generate some interest in demand,"
said Meyer, adding that feed use was up 13 pct last quarter and
15 pct in the preceding quarter.
    However, Hackmann said production could continue to exceed
consumption.
    She noted that most of the reductions in soybean acres came
in southeastern states, where yields are usually low.
    "We have the potential for record breaking soybean yields
this year, (which) will temper the enthusiasm on tomorrow's
opening," she said.
    Hackmann said record corn yields also are possible, and the
crop could reach 7.1 billion bushels, which would be down from
last year's 8.25 billion bushels.
    "We'll need very good disappearance next year to reduce
stocks," she said. The USDA estimated disappearance last year
at 6.7 billion bushels.
    Hackmann said the stocks report was positive for the long
term, "But we still have a long way to go to bring stocks down
to where we could start rebuilding prices."
    Frazier also cautioned that the soybean acreage report
could prompt farmers to change their plans and plant more
soybeans.
    The panelists agreed that the reports should discourage
talk of revising the 1985 farm bill.
    "There seems to be no desire ... to change the farm law
we're working under today, and this report should reinforce
that," Frazier said.
    "We are seeing the program beginning to work," said Meyer.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11778>
The Malaysian government said it
raised the export duty on processed palm oil (ppo) to 70.90
ringgit per tonne from 64.06 in March, effective today.
    Export duty on crude palm oil (cpo) rose to 38.30 ringgit
per tonne from 16.06 last month.
    The gazetted price for ppo rose to 819.6600 ringgit per
tonne from 796.8604 a month earlier and that on cpo to 711.0037
ringgit from 617.8238.
    The export duty and gazetted price of palm kernel stood
unchanged at 191.15 and 955.75 ringgit per tonne respectively.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11836>
The Sri Lankan cabinet approved
recommendations to upgrade the quality of coconut fibre
products, the government said.
    It said the recommendations also suggested that
encouragement be given for the manufacture of value-added
products from coconut fibre and a market development programme
be launched for traditional and value-added products.
    It also suggested the setting up of a marketing mission on
coconut fibre to be sent this month to principal target
markets.
    Sri Lanka is the world's second largest exporter of
dessicated coconut after the Philippines.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11840>
Lightning strikes hit the grain sector
of the port of Rotterdam today after employers turned down
union demands for shorter working hours in a new labour
agreement, transport union FNV spokesman Bert Duim said.
    Around 140 grain handlers stopped work, 125 of them at the
two Europoort locations of Graan Elevator Mij (GEM), which
handles about 95 pct of grain, oilseeds and derivatives passing
through Rotterdam.
    GEM managing director Pieter van der Vorm said the
facilities were 40 pct operational.
    The employers had invited the unions for talks later today,
but details of the labour agreement would not be on the agenda,
Van der Vorm said.
    It is barely one month since the end of an eight-week
campaign of lightning strikes against redundancies in
Rotterdam's general cargo sector, which stevedoring companies
said cost them millions of guilders.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11885>
French cereals exports through Rouen port
rose to 751,563 tonnes between March 1 and March 25 from
603,413 tonnes in the same 1986 period, freight sources said.
    The Soviet Union took 263,051 tonnes of wheat and barley,
Saudi Arabia 90,944 tonnes barley, China 87,259 wheat, Algeria
64,896 wheat, Bangladesh 30,000 wheat, Morocco 27,500 maize,
Greece 26,700 wheat and barley, Spain 25,124 wheat, Poland
24,683 wheat, Brazil 24,082 wheat, Italy 21,659 wheat, Cyprus
20,700 wheat and maize, Israel 16,500 maize and the U.K. 8,797
tonnes wheat.
    Six ships are loading 120,000 tonnes of wheat, the sources
said. They include 30,000 tonnes for China, 31,000 for the
Soviet Union, 25,000 for Turkey, and 35,000 for Italy. Another
ship is loading 17,000 tonnes of colza for the Soviet Union.
    Another 12 ships should arrive to load 344,000 tonnes of
cereals by the end of the week. Six are to load 186,000 tonnes
of wheat for the Soviet Union. Two will load 60,000 tonnes of
barley for Saudi Arabia, one 28,000 tonnes of wheat for China,
two 25,000 tonnes of wheat each for Algeria and Turkey and one
20,000 tonnes of wheat for Italy. Another is expected to load
20,000 tonnes of colza for the Soviet Union.
    Flour exports through Rouen rose to 23,457 tonnes in the 25
day period from 5,500 in the equivalent 1986 period, the
sources said.
    Sudan took 19,327 tonnes and west coast Africa 4,130.
    Four ships are currently loading 32,000 tonnes, including
24,000 for Egypt, 6,000 for Tanzania and 2,000 for Mauritania.
    A ship is expected later this week to load 12,000 tonnes
for China.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11911>
One grain vessel was awaiting berth
at Bahia Blanca, four at Buenos Aires and five at Rosario, on
March 31, National Grain Board figures show.
    The situation at these ports was as follows, giving the
number of ships loading, awaiting berth and expected
respectively.
    Bahia Blanca - 4, 1, 1
    Buenos Aires - 1, 4, 9
    Rosario -      6, 5, 7
    The tonnage of grain and oilseeds to be loaded onto ships
loading, awaiting berth and expected at each port was as
follows.
    Bahia Blanca - Wheat 161,360.
    Buenos Aires - Maize 104,304, Wheat 14,330.
    Rosario - Wheat 50,400, maize 157,040, subproducts 50,100,
sunflowerseed 1,000 and millet 3,100.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11936>
Cash grain dealers reported slow country
movement of corn and soybeans across the Midwest, with even
corn sales from PIK-and-roll activity seen earlier this week
drying up.
    Some dealers said the USDA may further adjust the posted
county price at the Gulf to take into account high barge
freight rates as a way to keep corn sales flowing, but added
the current plan probably will be given a few weeks to see if
it will work as hoped.
    Corn and soybean basis values continued to drop on the
Illinois and MidMississippi River due to the strong barge
freight rates. Toledo and Chicago elevators were finishing
loading the first corn boats of the new shipping season,
supporting spot basis values at those terminal points.

                  CORN             SOYBEANS
 TOLEDO         5 UND MAY UNC   1 UND MAY UNC
 CINCINNATI     1 UND MAY UNC   1 OVR MAY UP 2
 NEW HAVEN     12 UND MAY UNC   2 UND MAY DN 1
 N.E. INDIANA  10 UND MAY UNC   2 OVR MAY DN 1
 CHICAGO      1/2 OVR MAY UNC   5 UND MAY UNC
 SENECA       51/2 UND MAY DN 1 7 UND MAY UNC
 DAVENPORT 61/2UND MAY DN61/2 61/2UND MAY DN11/2
 CLINTON        5 UND MAY DN 3       UA
 CEDAR RAPIDS  11 UND MAY DN 3 13 UND MAY DN 2
                  HRW WHEAT
 TOLEDO  58 LB 35 OVR MAY UP 1
 CHICAGO 57 LB 25 OVR MAY UNC
 CINCINNATI DP 10 OVR MAY UNC
 NE INDIANA DP  8 OVR MAY UNC
 PIK CERTIFICATES - 103/104 PCT - UNC/ DN 2
 NC - NO COMPARISON  UA - UNAVAILABLE
 UNC - UNCHANGED DP - DELAYED PRICING

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11939>
Cash grain dealers reported slow country
movement of corn and soybeans across the Midwest, with even
corn sales from PIK-and-roll activity seen earlier this week
drying up.
    Some dealers said the USDA may further adjust the posted
county price at the Gulf to take into account high barge
freight rates as a way to keep corn sales flowing, but added
the current plan probably will be given a few weeks to see if
it will work as hoped.
    Corn and soybean basis values continued to drop on the
Illinois and MidMississippi River due to the strong barge
freight rates. Toledo and Chicago elevators were finishing
loading the first corn boats of the new shipping season,
supporting spot basis values at those terminal points.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11964>
French farmers are planning to cut their
maize sowings by between 100,000 and 150,000 hectares this year
from the 1.87 mln ha harvested in 1986, the French Maize
Producers' Association, AGPM, said.
    It said its first estimate of planting intentions indicated
cuts of 15 to 20 pct in plantings in the northern region of
Picardy and the Paris Basin, which harvested 192,000 ha last
year.
    In the centre-west region of Poitou-Charentes, plantings
were estimated four to seven pct up on last year's harvested
244,000 ha.
    Planting intentions in the south-east ranged between nine
pct less and two pct more than last year's 125,000 ha. In the
south-west the AGPM said producers intended to plant a similar
area to last year's 671,100 harvested hectares, provided water
supplies are adequate in the Midi-Pyrenees region after the
last two years of drought.
    Meanwhile, the oilseed plant breeding association, AMSOL,
said sunflower plantings in France this year are indicated at
between 900,000 and 950,000 ha against 829,000 harvested last
year, while soya plantings are indicated at 80,000 ha against
last year's harvested 48,000.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11984>
U.S. Trade Representative Clayton
Yeutter said the United States and Argentina have settled a 
case brought by the U.S. soybean crushing industry alleging
unfair subsidies to Argentina's crushing industry.
    Speaking to an Agribusiness Education forum here late
yesterday, Yeutter said the case was resolved at a meeting with
Argentine Agriculture Secretary Ernesto Figuerras during a
trade ministers' meeting in New Zealand last week.
    Under a verbal understanding between the two ministers,
Argentina will soon abolish export taxes on soybeans and
products, U.S. and Argentine officials said.
    The U.S. case brought by the U.S. National Soybean
Processors Association alleged Argentina, through differential
export taxes, implicitly subsidized domestic soybean crushers.
    The U.S. crushing industry, in its complaint under Section
301 of trade law, said higher Argentine export taxes on
soybeans than on products encourage the export of products and
represented an unfair trade practice.
    Yeutter told Figuerras that all agencies of the U.S.
government supported the U.S. complaint and unless Argentina
took steps to eliminate the taxes, the United States would
consider taking further action in the case, U.S. and Argentine
officials said.
    An Argentine official here said no timetable was given for
removal of the Argentine export taxes.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12002>
Speculation the United States will
offer subsidized wheat to the Soviet Union appears to have
reached a new level of intensity in the run-up to Secretary of
State George Shultz' visit later this month to Moscow.
    Rumors of an impending deal have coursed through wheat
markets since officials from the two countries held their
customary, semi-annual grain talks in February. Moscow's
decision at that time to reenter the U.S. corn market
strengthened the perception of warming farm trade prospects.
    Shultz is set to arrive in Moscow April 13.
    Shultz' statement two weeks ago that he would not stand in
the way of a wheat subsidy offer under the Export Enhancement
Program, EEP, coupled with the announcement of his visit to
Moscow, was interpreted by many grain trade representatives
here as a clear signal that the Reagan administration was
preparing an offer.
    Administration officials -- in and out of the U.S.
Agriculture Department -- have been extremely tight-lipped
about the prospects of a subsidy offer.
    But USDA officials for the most part have abandoned the
contention the proposal is dormant, suggesting that an offer,
while not a "done deal," is a live possibility.
    Prominent U.S. grain trade representatives -- many of whom
asked not to be identified -- continue to maintain that an
offer to subsidize four mln tonnes of wheat is imminent.
    Others, who one month ago claimed a deal was not possible,
are saying they would not rule one out.
    Rep. Pat Roberts, R-Kan., yesterday went so far as to
predict a subsidy offer would be made within the next ten days
to two weeks.
    Aides to Roberts said he had spoken to Republican leaders
who had been in contact with administration officials.
    Richard Fritz, director of international marketing at U.S.
Wheat Associates, said he was confident an export enhancement
offer would be made by the middle of this month.
    Fritz also said he thought the value of the bonus would end
up being close to the offer Washington made Peking earlier this
year when USDA approved subsidies to China of around 36 dlrs
per tonne on one mln tonnes of wheat.
    Some grain trade representatives say a four-mln-tonne wheat
subsidy offer might help stimulate more Soviet purchases of
U.S. corn and open the door to U.S. sales of soybeans.
    As ever, one of the crucial sticking points in a wheat deal
would appear to be price.
    Last summer the administration took the controversial step
of offering the Soviets subsidized wheat -- but were
embarrassed when Moscow spurned the proposal on the grounds
that the 15-dlr-per-tonne subsidy still left U.S. wheat prices
far above world market prices.
    The administration's decision to set the subsidy level up
front instead of accepting bids from exporters appeared to be a
means of controlling the price while attempting to dampen
criticism, grain trade sources said.
    Nonetheless, the pricing procedure did not prevent Shultz
from saying the Soviets were "chortling" because Washington was
offering Soviet housewives cheaper grain than that available to
U.S. housewives.
    The conventional wisdom among grain trade representatives
here is that a general warming of relations between the two
countries since last summer, combined with continued hard times
in the U.S. grain belt, would favor a subsidy offer.
    In addition, the USSR has made it clear it would consider
buying U.S. wheat if it were priced more competitively.
    However, observers have not forgotten the circumstances
surrounding the administration's announcement of the wheat
subsidy offer last summer.
    Up until the time of the announcment, congressional and
industry leaders were led to believe the White House had
decided to expand the Export Enhancement Program to include not
only the Soviets, but also a much broader list of countries.
    Instead, the administration scaled back the offer to
include only the Soviets.
    That last-minute change of heart adds a measure of
uncertainty even to the predictions of those most convinced
that the administration will not now pass up the opportunity to
sell four mln tonnes of wheat to the Soviet Union.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12076>
Japanese crushers bought 5,000 to 6,000
tonnes of Canadian rapeseed for May shipment in export business
overnight, trade sources said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12160>
Fresh, heavy rains caused further
damage to the Argentine 1986/87 coarse grains crop in the week
to yesterday, particularly in Buenos Aires province, trade
sources said.
    They said the sunflower, maize, soybean and sorghum crops
were damaged and yield estimates affected. New production
forecasts were made for all these crops.
    The rains over the weekend and up to yesterday registered
more than 200 mm on average in western Buenos Aires and
worsened the flooding in various parts of the province.
    The weather bureau said the rains, which in Buenos Aires
have surpassed 750 mm in the last 30 days, could continue.
    The northeast of the country was also hit by heavy rains.
    In Corrientes province the rains also passed an average of
200 mm in some parts, notably the Paso de los Libres area
bordering on Uruguay.
    In Santa Fe and Entre Rios provinces they were over 100 mm
in places, in Misiones and San Luis 90 mm and in Cordoba 80 mm.
    The rains were less intense in Chaco and Formosa.
    Harvesting in areas not actually under water could also be
further delayed due to dampness in the earth, the sources said.
    The excessive humidity might also produce rotting of the
crops, further dimishing the yield, the sources added.
    Sunflower harvesting before the weekend rains reached 26 to
30 pct of the area sown in Santa Fe, Cordoba, La Pampa and
Buenos Aires provinces.
    The production forecast for 1986/87 sunflowerseed has been
lowered to between 2.2 and 2.4 mln tonnes, against 2.3 to 2.6
mln tonnes the previous week, making it 41.5 to 46.3 pct lower
than the record 4.1 mln tonnes produced last season.
    The area sown was two to 2.2 mln hectares, down 29.9 to
36.3 pct on the record 3.14 mln hectares in 1985/86.
    The maize harvest advanced to within 26 to 28 pct of the
area sown in Cordoba, Santa Fe and northern Buenos Aires. It
will begin in La Pampa within about 10 days, weather
permitting.
    Maize yield this season is now estimated at 9.6 to 9.9 mln
tonnes, against last week's 9.9 to 10.1 mln tonnes, down 21.4
to 22.6 pct on the 12.4 to 12.6 mln tonnes at which private
producers put 1985/86 production.
    The new forecast is 22.7 to 25 pct down on the official
figure of 12.8 mln tonnes for last season's production.
    The grain sorghum harvest reached 17 to 19 pct of growers'
targets, against 14 to 16 pct the previous week.
    The production forecast was reduced to between three and
3.3 mln tonnes, against 3.2 to 3.5 mln tonnes last week, 21.4
to 26.8 pct down on last season's 4.1 to 4.2 mln tonnes.
    The area sown with sorghum in 1986/87 was 1.23 to 1.30 mln
hectares, down 10.3 to 15.2 pct on the 1.45 mln in 1985/86.
    The forecast for soybean yield this season was the least
changed in relation to last week. It was put at a record 7.5 to
7.7 mln tonnes, against the previous 7.5 to 7.8 mln tonnes.
    These figures are 4.2 to 5.5 pct higher than last season's
record of 7.2 to 7.3 mln tonnes, according to private sources,
and 5.6 to 8.5 pct up on the official 7.1 mln tonnes.
    The adjustment to the production forecast is due to the
rains and overcast conditions which have greatly reduced the
sunlight needed for this crop, sources said.
    Producers fear estimates may yet have to be adjusted down
further.
    The humidity could induce rotting and growers are still
finding more empty pods due to excessively dry weather earlier
in the season.
    Soybean harvesting is due to start in mid-April in southern
Cordoba and Santa Fe and northern Buenos Aires.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12192>
U.S. farmers who reorganize their
operations to circumvent a cap on federal payments could add
2.3 billion dlrs to the cost of the government's agricultural
programs by 1989, the General Accounting Office, GAO, said.
    "We estimate that should the trend in farm reorganizations
continue, reorganizations since 1984 could be adding almost 900
mln dlrs annually to program costs by 1989," GAO Senior
Associate Director Brian Crowley said.
    "Cumulative costs for the six-year period, 1984 to 1989,
could approach 2.3 billion dlrs," he said.
    Between 1984 and 1986, reorganizations added almost 9,000
new persons to U.S. Agriculture Department payment rolls,
Crowley told the House Agriculture Subcommittee on Wheat,
Soybeans and Feedgrains.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12254>
Argentine subproducts shipments
during January/December 1986 totalled 5,618,315 tonnes, against
4,815,188 tonnes in the same period of 1985, the Argentine
Grain Board said.
    Breakdown was as follows: cotton 26,992 (41,933), sunflower
1,403,230 (1,190,862), linseed 261,600 (309,191), groundnutseed
23,595 (22,809), soybean 3,275,225 (2,415,492), bran/pollards
wheat 606,352 (659,271), fiber cotton 3,256 (107,752), wheat
flour 18,065 (67,878), rape nil (nil), the board added.
    Shipments during December 1986 amounted to 418,755 tonnes,
against 257,844 tonnes in the same month of 1985.
    The breakdown, was as follows, in tonnes:
    Cotton 3,002 (6,234), sunflower 86,612 (38,347), linseed
23,954 (38,290), groundnutseed nil (nil), soybean 264,650
(104,571), bran/polards wheat 37,724 (49,946), fiber cotton 987
(2,121), wheat flour 1,826 (18,335), rapeseed nil (nil), the
board said.
    The ten principal destinations during January/December
1986, with comparative figures for the same period of 1985 in
brackets, were as follows, in tonnes:
    Holland 2,444,260 (2,234,049), Belgium 546,423 (595,635),
Italy 430,029 (338,766), Czechoslovakia 365,897 (236,836), Cuba
253,067 (222,842), Iran 250,646 (192,430), West Germany
232,049) (158,491), Bulgaria 207,030 (300,488), Spain and
Canary Islands 176,287 (113,751), Corea 163,304 (37,416), the
board added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12275>
The U.S. Commodity Credit Corporation
(CCC) sold 6,034 short tons of 1986-crop farmers stock peanuts
for domestic crushing, the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    The peanuts were from the Southwest area and were sold at
between 8.05 cts per lb (total kernel content), and 11.7225 cts
per lb, the department said.
    The CCC will offering additional 1986-peanuts for sale at a
later date, the department said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12348>
Mexico bought 51,000 tonnes of U.S.
number two yellow soybeans in an overnight tender, for various
ocean and rail shipments in May, private export sources said.
    About 40,000 tonnes sold for ocean shipment at prices
ranging from 199.67 to 210.17 dlrs per tonne, c and f, and
about 11,000 tonnes sold for rail shipment at prices from
205.50 to 217.88 dlrs per tonne, they said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12372>
The U.S. House Agriculture Committee
approved proposals to extend the life of the Export Enhancement
Program, EEP, through fiscal 1990 and urged the Reagan
administration offer EEP wheat to the Soviet Union.
    The proposals were approved as amendments to a
comprehensive trade bill moving through Congress this year.
    In addition to the amendments on EEP, the committee
approved several proposals which could restrict imports of
lamb, casein, sugar-containing products and tobacco. Those
amendments affecting imports face an uncertain future because
the House Ways and Means Committee, which has overall
jurisdiction over trade legislation, will oppose them,
Congressional sources said.
    The effect of the EEP amendments would be to extend the
life of the program five years through fiscal 1990 rather than
the current three years through fiscal 1988.
    The amendments, offered by Rep. Dan Glickman, D-Kan., also
would increase funding for the program to 2.5 billion dlrs from
1.5 billion now.
    Furthermore, the committee passed an amendment offered by
Rep. Glickman which instructs the U.S. Agriculture Department
to value EEP bonus commodities at market value, not acquisition
value. Glickman said the change would make the program 30 pct
less expensive to operate.
    The provision on EEP wheat to the Soviet Union, offered by
Rep. Bob Smith, R-Ore., does not require the administration
make an offer, but urges such action.
    The committee approved an amendment, offered by Rep. Glenn
English, D-Okla., requiring the Secretary of Agriculture to
begin discussions with other major grain producing countries
aimed at jointly reducing world grain production.
    Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter yesterday opposed the
amendment, saying such commodity agreements do not work.
    Among the host of amendments to restrict imports approved
by the panel, the most significant would require quotas on
imports of goods containing more than 25 pct of a bulk farm
product that is subject to U.S. quotas. The amendment, offered
by Rep. Arlan Stangeland, R-Minn., is aimed primarily at
curbing imports from Canada of products containing sugar and
foreign foods containing dairy products. It also may affect
peanut, cotton and tobacco imports, Committee sources said.
    Another amendment would place a quota on U.S. imports of
casein, a dairy product shipped to the U.S. primarily by New
Zealand and Ireland.
    The panel also voted to apply to lamb imports the same
countercyclical import quota law which is operating for U.S.
beef imports.
    Other miscellaneous amendments included:
    -- Urging the administration consider retaliating against
Japan and South Korea if those countries do not remove
restrictions on beef imports.
    -- Boosting the amount of U.S. grain which must be shipped
each year under a food aid program called Section 416 to
800,000 tonnes from 500,000 tonnes now.
    -- Requiring the Agriculture Secretary conduct a study of
the Canadian Wheat Board import licensing system for wheat to
determine if it is a non-tariff trade barrier.
    -- Requiring the Agriculture Secretary reimburse the
National Corn Growers Association up to 500,000 dlrs for the
costs of defending the U.S. feedgrains program against a
Canadian countervailing duty case this year.
    -- Urging the administration oppose the Canadian decision
to apply a duty on U.S. corn imports, and a proposal by the
European Community to apply a vegetable oils tax.
    -- USDA conduct a study of the findings of a National
Commission on Agricultural Export Policy, which recommended a
reorganization of USDA's trade policy apparatus.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12425>
Two days of talks between management and
unions to try to end the 3-1/2 month labour dispute at Cargill
U.K. Ltd's oilseed crushing plant at Seaforth ended yesterday
without resolving the situation, a company spokesman said.
    Fresh talks are expected to be held early next week but the
actual date has not yet been fixed, he added.
    Oilseed processing at the mill has been at a standstill
since December 19 and the company has declared force majeure
for deliveries of soymeal and soyoil ahead to May.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12439>
Zimbabwe's Grain Marketing Board has
banned the packing of oilseeds in locally-made polypropylene
bags and will supply jute bags instead, board officials said.
    It said the quality of oilseeds such as soybeans,
groundnuts and sunflower seed packed in polypropylene bags
deteriorated after two weeks.
    Zimbabwe began producing 10 mln polypropylene grain bags
this year to replace jute bags imported mainly from Bangladesh.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12757>
The joint committee of Taiwan soybean
importers awarded a contract to Cigra Inc of Chicago to supply
a 54,000 tonne cargo of U.S. Soybeans, a committee spokesman
told Reuters.
    The cargo, priced at 213.87 U.S. Dlrs per tonne c and f
Taiwan, is for delivery between April 20 and May 5.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12982>
Japanese crushers bought 4,000 to 5,000
tonnes of Canadian rapeseed in export business overnight for
May shipment, trade sources said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13173>
The Argentine Grain Board adjusted
minimum export prices of grain and oilseed products in dlrs per
tonne FOB, previous in brackets, as follows:
    Maize 71 (72), grain sorghum 65 (66).      
    Roasted groundnutseed, according to grain size, 510 (520),
400 (410), 375 (385), 355 (365).               
    Soybean pellets for shipments through May 164 (162) and
June onwards 161 (159).
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13179>
Grain and oilseed complex export
business reported since yesterday by government agencies and
private exporters -
    Japanese crushers bought 4,000 to 5,000 tonnes of Canadian
rapeseed in export business overnight for May shipment...Greece
has agreed to buy 27,000 to 33,000 tonnes of Spanish corn for
spot shipment, with Italy buying 6,000 to 7,000 tonnes of
Spanish corn for last/half April shipment, a spokesman for
cargill's spanish unit said...Taiwan bought 54,000 tonnes of
U.S. soybeans for April 20/May 5 delivery C and F...
    (Continued) - The India State Trading Corp bought 20,000
tonnes of optional origin soybean oil for May 20/June 20
shipment and 6,000 tonnes of RBD palm olein for April 25/May 25
shipment at its import tender yesterday...Pakistan rejected
offers at its tender for 12,000 tonnes of RBD palm oil, but is
expected to retender next week...The U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) said it has accepted a bid for an export
bonus to cover the sale of 50,000 tonnes of U.S. hard red
winter wehat to Sri Lanka for April 8/16 shipment, with an
additional 10,000 tonnes of wheat still available to Sri Lanka
under the Export Enhancement Program (EEP)...
    (Continued) - The USDA said it has accepted a bid for an
export bonus to cover the sale of 18,000 tonnes of U.S. durum
wheat to Algeria for June 20/30 shipment, with an additional
228,000 tonnes still available to Algeria under the EEP.
    Tenders - Jordan will tender Monday, April 6, for 225,000
tonnes of U.S. hard and soft wheats for various April/Nov
shipments under the EEP.
    Market talk and comment - The USDA said Turkey has been
made eligible for the sale of up to 70,000 tonnes of medium
grain milled rice under the EEP...
    Market talk and comment (continued) - The USDA announced
Colombia has been made eligible for sale of up to 15,000 tonnes
of U.S. barley malt under the EEP...The Canadian Grain
Commission reported Canadian wheat exports in the week ended
March 29 totalled 447,200 tonnes, compared with 277,700 the
previous week, with 1986/87 season exports so far up to
10,228,600 tonnes versus 10,637,500 for the 1985/86 season,
with barley exports 38,800 tonnes, 106,700 tonnes, 4,804,500
and 1,892,600 respectively, rapeseed 43,900 tonnes, 50,700
tonnes, 1,292,600 and 920,000 respectively and flaxseed 20,700
tonnes, 13,600 tonens, 450,900 and 392,600 respectively...
    Market talk and comment (continued) - Pakistan is not
emerging as a major wheat exporter as World market prospects
are not good enough, a government official said...Active
timecharter fixing by Soviet operators to cover USSR grain
imprts featured the ocean freight market this morning, ship
brokers said...Dry cargo futures on the BIFFEX extended
yesterday's strong advance, with sharp gains of 22 to 17 points
in response to rumors of higher rates for grain business from
the U.S. Gulf to Japan, dealers said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13313>
Wheat and rapeseed crops in east China
suffered considerable damage because of frost during a spell of
unusually cold weather in late March, the China Daily said.
    It said average temperatures for the last 10 days of March
in most of east China were three to five degrees centigrade
below average. Snow fell in Jiangsu, Anhui, Hubei and Henan,
making early rice sowing difficult.
    Heavy snow blanketted central and south Jilin and north
Liaoning, leaving farmland too muddy for spring ploughing and
sowing, the paper said.
    The paper said rainfall during the last 10 days of March in
areas south of the Yangtze had been much higher than normal.
    Heavy rain fell last Sunday in parts of Guangdong, ending a
particularly arid dry season and marking the start of the flood
season, it said. It gave no further details.
    The New China News Agency said rain and snow in Henan had
improved the prospects for wheat, sown on 4.8 mln hectares, and
caused a drop in grain prices at rural fairs since late
February. It gave no 1986 figures for comparison.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13915>
China's soybean crop this year is
forecast at 11.5 mln tonnes, down slightly from 11.55 mln
estiamted for last year, the U.S. Agriculture Department's
officer in Peking said in a field report.
    The report, dated April 2, said Chinese imports this year
are projected at 300,000 tonnes unchanged from last year's
level.
    Exports are forecast to increase to 1.0 mln tonnes from
800,000 tonnes exported last year, the report said.
    Imports of soybean oil are estimated at 200,000 tonnes,
also unchanged from last year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14483>
The Commodity Credit Corporation
(CCC) has transferred 21.0 mln dlrs in credit guarantees
previously earmarked for sales of U.S. corn and 5.0 mln dlrs
for sales of oilseeds to increase available coverage on sales
of U.S. poultry meat to Iraq, the U.S. Agriculture Department
said.
    The department said the action was taken at the request of
Iraq's State Trade Organization for Grains and Foodstuffs.
    The guarantee line for sales of corn has been reduced from
78.0 mln dlrs to 57.0 mln and the line for oilseeds from 5.0
mln dlrs to zero.
    The guarantee line for sales of frozen poultry has been
increased from 30.0 mln dlrs to 56.0 mln dlrs, USDA said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14512>
The Commodity Credit Corporation
(CCC) has authorized 2.0 mln dlrs in credit guarantees to cover
sales of seeds for planting to Algeria, the U.S. Agriculture
Department said.
    The department said the additional guarantees increase the
cumulative fiscal year 1987 program for sales of U.S.
agricultural products to Algeria to 466.0 mln dlrs.
    To be eligible under the new seed credit guarantees, all
sales must be registered by September 30, 1987, and shipped by
December 31, 1987, USDA said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14603>
Japanese crushers bought 5,000 tonnes
of Canadian rapeseed in export business overnight for late
May/early June shipment, trade sources said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14706>
Posted county prices in 99 southern
Texas counties have been changed to reflect only one market
differential instead of the usual two-terminal market pricing
system, a senior Agriculture Department official said.
    Interior grain and soybean prices in the affected counties
will now be based solely against the Texas Gulf. Prior to the
change, county prices were also priced against the Amarillo
market.
    The changes were made to better reflect local market
conditions, said Ralph Klopfenstein, deputy administrator for
commodity operations at USDA.
    "The Texas Gulf has always been the dominant market in those
counties. Amarillo never became effective for that area,"
Klopfenstein told Reuters.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2087>
The Agriculture Department must make
a decision soon on how to change the current U.S. soybean loan
or more soybeans will continue to be forfeited to the
government and foreign soybean production will increase, the
president of the American Soybean Association, ASA, said.
    "The USDA will have to bite the bullet one way or another
... USDA can dodge and dart around it (the soybean loan) as
much as they want, but they have to eventually address this
problem," David Haggard, ASA president, told Reuters.
    USDA is not offering any new soybean loan options, and
Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng has not consulted ASA on the
soybean loan, Haggard said.
    "I don't know if USDA is really very serious about
addressing the soybean loan problem," he said.
    At ASA's annual winter board of directors meeting here, ASA
leaders refused to change their official position on the  loan
-- still calling for income support at 5.02 dlrs.
    The association backs current bills of Rep. Bill Emerson,
R-Mo. and Sen. Thad Cochran, R-Miss., which call for either a
5.02 marketing loan or a producer option payment.
    Haggard said he does not know what chances the ASA-backed
proposals have but said, "in all honesty, we do not want to see
the farm bill be torn apart."
    He said if USDA feels it cannot withdraw its opposition to
a market loan, there are still numerous ways the USDA could
change the loan without new legislation.
    Making the loan partially in certificates which would not
have to be paid back would be one option, he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2172>
French cereal exports through the port of
Rouen fell 6.4 pct to 725,023 tonnes during the period February
1 to 25, from 774,704 for the period February 1 to 26 last
year, trade sources said.
    Main destinations were Saudi Arabia with 158,109 tonnes of
barley, the Soviet Union 147,214 of wheat, Italy 104,704 of
wheat, Spain 91,381 of wheat and maize, China 52,500 of wheat
and Algeria 41,000 of wheat.
    Between February 26 and today, five ships have loaded
137,000 tonnes of cereals, the sources added.
    The 137,000 tonnes comprised 59,500 tonnes of wheat for
China, 53,000 of wheat for the Soviet Union and 24,500 of wheat
for Algeria.
    By this Friday, sources estimated a further 233,600 tonnes
of cereals will have been loaded, comprising 47,000 tonnes of
barley, 78,600 of wheat and 25,000 of rapeseed for the Soviet
Union, 30,000 of wheat for Sri Lanka, 28,000 of wheat for China
and 25,000 of wheat for Poland.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2359>
Australia accused the U.S. of increasing
protectionism on agricultural products and called for an end to
Washington's special 32-year exemption from certain GATT rules
on agricultural trade.
    Robert Arnott, Australia's delegate to the General
Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT), made the appeal at a
special annual meeting which reviews the 1955 U.S. waiver.
    "Australia today said the United States' goals of reducing
U.S. barriers to agricultural trade were being contradicted by
actions which in fact increased protection in trade in
agriculture," the Australian delegation said in a statement.
    "The United States section 22 waiver is one of the basic
flaws in the GATT coverage of agriculture," Arnott told the
meeting.
    Arnott said the waiver had continually been used as a
justification for "dubious protective measures" by the U.S. He
listed a recent Dairy Export Incentive Program and steps to
close the U.S. sugar market to imports.
    He also told Reuters the waiver allowed Washington to
impose quotas on imports of farm products where it had domestic
support programs. This covered imports of dairy products,
peanuts, cotton and sugar.
    Asked to comment, Michael Samuels, U.S. ambassador to the
GATT, told Reuters: "These charges have been made since the very
beginning. The waiver is part of domestic U.S. agricultural
policy, part of our law when we joined the GATT".
    "We have agreed to put the waiver on the table during the
Uruguay Round and invite other countries to do the same with
their programs. We can negotiate them all," Samuels added.
    Ninety-two nations are taking part in the four-year Uruguay
round of talks launched in Punta del Este last September.
Bargaining in agricultural goods and services (banking,
tourism, insurance) is included for the first time as well as
manufactured goods.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2382>
China has added 90,000 tonnes of U.S.
wheat to its purchases for delivery in the 1987/88 season and
cancelled 30,000 tonnes of wheat purchases for delivery in the
1986/87 season, the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    According to the department's Export Sales Report covering
transactions in the week ended February 26, China has
outstanding wheat commitments for the 1986/87 season of 30,000
tonnes and 420,000 tonnes for delivery in the 1987/88 season.
    The wheat season begins June 1.
    China has total corn commitments for 1986/87 of 1,011,200
tonnes and soybeans commitments of 157,500 tonnes.
    The season for corn and soybeans began September 1.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2456>
Corn sales gained 2,494,900 tonnes in
the week ended February 26, the highest weekly total since
August 1984 and two and three-quarter times the prior week's
level, the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    In comments on its Export Sales Report, the department said
sales of 1.0 mln tonnes to the USSR -- previously reported
under the daily reporting system -- were the first sales for
delivery to the USSR under the fourth year of the U.S.-USSR
Grains Supply Agreement, which began October 1.
    Japan added 689,700 tonnes to previous purchases and sales
to unknown destinations rose by 429,800 tonnes.
    Wheat sales of 362,400 tonnes for the current season and
151,000 for the 1987/88 season were down by more than half from
the previous week's combined sales, it said.
    Egypt, Japan and Iraq were the major wheat buyers for
delivery in the current year, while sales to China decreased by
30,000 tonnes for the current season, but increased by 90,000
tonnes for the 1987/88 season, which begins June 1.
    Net sales of soybeans totalling 274,200 tonnes equaled the
preceding week, but were nearly a third below the four week
average. Major increases were for Belgium, South Korea, Mexico
and Italy, it said.
    Soybean cake and meal sales of 103,700 tonnes were 2-3/4
times the previous week's marketing year low, but six pct less
than the four week average.
    Major increases for West Germany, Belgium, Spain, Italy and
Australia were partially offset by declines to unknown
destinations.
    Soybean oil sales of 5,400 tonnes were the result of
increases for Venezuela and reductions of 500 tonnes for
unknown destinations.
    Combined sales activity in cotton of 75,200 running bales
-- 44,700 bales for the current year and 30,500 bales for the
1987/88  bales -- were 56 pct below the prior week's good
showing, the department said.
    Major purchasers for the current season were South Korea,
Japan, Taiwan and Thailand, while South Korea and Indonesia
were the major buyers for the 1987/88 season, which begins
August 1.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2521>
Brazil's recent announcement of a
suspension in interest payments on 68 billion dlrs of foreign
debt gave the banking system the jitters and confirmed views
among many international economists and commodities analysts
that Brazil will continue to flex its trading muscles in 1987.
    The developing world's most indebted nation is also its
most prolific exporter of agricultural commodities such as
coffee and soybeans, and might maximize foreign exchange
revenue by selling hard on world markets, economists said.
    "That sounds like a reasonable strategy. But there is no
way they can trade their way out of this situation," Aldo
Roldan, Vice President for International Services at Chase
Econometrics, said.
    Roldan told Reuters that Brazil not only had to tackle the
problems of satisfying domestic demand and competing on glutted
world markets, but also had to work to make its position on
foreign exchange markets more profitable.
    "Domestic costs have increased (due to inflation) and
exporters have not had the same offsetting movement in exchange
rates," Roldan said.
    The Chase economist also said commodities markets were
depressed and generally did not appear very promising for a
country like Brazil, where pure commodities account for some 50
pct of exports and in 1986 had a total value of around 23
billion dlrs.
    But he added: "They are always pretty aggressive and they
have good foreign marketing channels."
    Analysts said a key factor in Brazilian trade will be
coffee, and even without background pressure from foreign
creditors the world's largest producer was expected to hit the
market this year with a vengeance.
    Negotiations between International Coffee Organization
(ICO) members to re-establish producer export quotas broke up
earlier this week with major producers and consumers accusing
each other of intransigence.
    "Brazil would not tolerate a change in ICO regulations,
which others wanted changed," one senior coffee dealer said.
    The dealer, who declined to be named, said Brazil wanted to
preserve its market share. At the end of the talks, he said
Brazil hinted it could sell more than anyone else and others
would suffer.
    Brazil will be an aggressive seller under any scenario but
as yet there is no sign of unusually heavy Brazilian sales, the
dealer said.
    "If they do come into the market at this level it will go
lower and you could breach a dollar, ninety or eighty cents,"
he said.
    New York coffee futures for May delivery settled 2.29 cents
lower Thursday at 104.68 cents a lb, while more distant
deliveries fell the six-cent maximum trading limit.
    President of the Brazilian Coffee Institute, Jorio Dauster
told a press conference in Rio de Janeiro today that Brazil has
no set target for its coffee exports following the breakdown of
the ICO talks on export quotas.
    Many economists and analysts believe soybeans could be the
focus of possible stepped-up Brazilian marketing efforts. "They
will be more aggressive this year than they have ever been,"
according to Richard Loewy, analyst for Prudential-Bache
Securities Inc.
    Loewy believes the foreign debt problem, a good crop, plus
difficulties with storage would help motivate selling of the
Brazil soybean crop. "Brazilian farmers also need cash flow and
they can't afford to store the crops," he said.
    The Chicago soybean complex has been nervous for some time
about large South American crops developing under near ideal
conditions towards record yields.
    "We are going to see a very rapid decline, earlier than
usual, this year in our (U.S.) exports," Loewy said.
    Tommy Eshleman, economist for the American Soybean
Association (ASA), said this year's Brazilian soybean harvest
could total 18 mln tonnes, versus 13.7 mln last year.
    Marketings will be very aggressive this summer when prices
are usually high relative to the rest of the year due to the
vulnerability of the U.S. crop to bad growing weather.
    Another incentive to sell might be trade anticipation of a
reduction in the U.S. government soybean loan rate, offered to
farmers who give crops as collateral, Eshleman said.
    He said there has been some uncertainty this year about the
soybean loan rate, which acts as an effective floor for prices
by keeping supplies away from the free market. Farmers can
forfeit their beans to the government rather than repay the
loan.
    "We're getting into a period when they (Brazil) are
starting to harvest and starting to export," Eshleman said. But
he added it will be a while before U.S. exports fall to below
10 mln bushels a week from around 20 mln bushels currently.
    Jose Melicias from the research department of Drexel
Burnham Lambert said Brazil would be trying to export as much
as it can this year because of its economic situation.
    He said the debt situation was a major consideration. "The
Brazilian government also does not have enough money to pay for
storage," he added.
    Asked if a return to an inflationary environment in Brazil
would make farmers inclined to hold onto crops, Melicias said
it would not make a big difference.
    On other commodity markets, Brazil's selling impact may be
muted no matter its need to generate capital.
    Brazil is faced with a poor 1986/87 sugar harvest, which
could limit exports to the world market, analysts said. The
country may have oversold and be unable to honor export
commitments, and this plus higher domestic demand caused by
consumer price subsidies on ethanol and refined sugar, will
give it little room to stretch exports, they said.
    Brazil's other major crop, cocoa, is in its third year of
surplus. "Cocoa consumption is basically flat and last year it
fell, so I don't think they can start throwing out cocoa and
find many more markets for it," one analyst said.
    "If they come out as aggressive sellers, the market would
collapse and they can't afford to do that," she added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3082>
Graan Elevator Mij said its balance in
port of grains, oilseeds and derivatives rose to 136,000 tonnes
on March 7 from 31,000 a week earlier, after arrivals of
523,000 tonnes and discharges of 418,000 tonnes last week.
    The balance comprised 38,000 tonnes of grains and oilseeds
and 98,000 tonnes of derivatives.
    This week's estimated arrivals total 194,000 tonnes, of
which 45,000 are grains/oilseeds and 149,000 derivatives.
    The figures cover around 95 pct of Rotterdam traffic in the
products concerned.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3206>
Japanese crushers bought 5,000 to 7,000
tonnes of Canadian rapeseed in export business over the weekend
for April shipment, trade sources said.
    Japanese crushers continue to concentrate on rapeseed
purchases since it converts to a higher percentage of oil than
other oilseeds, they said. A glut of feed meals makes other
oilseeds, such as soybeans, less desirable because they would
add to already large meal stocks.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3282>
The USDA's weekly export inspection
report is expected to show a decline in soybean exports and
steady to slightly lower corn and wheat exports, according to
CBT floor traders' forecasts.
    Traders projected soybean exports at 15 mln to 16 mln
bushels, down from 20.3 mln bushels a week ago and 25.5 mln
bushels a year ago.
    Corn guesses ranged from 20 mln to 25 mln bushels, compared
with 21.9 mln bushels a week ago and 28.2 mln a year ago.
    Wheat guesses ranged from 13 mln to 18 mln bushels,
compared with 14.1 mln bushels a week ago and 17.9 mln a year
ago.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3453>
Japanese crushers are likely to buy at
least 200,000 tonnes of Brazilian soybeans this year and
another 100,000 to 200,000 if quality and shipping conditions
are good against 128,089 tonnes in 1986, trade sources said.
    A Japanese trading house recently bought about 31,000
tonnes of soybeans for April 10/May 10 shipment, they said.
    "Because Brazilian soybean prices are now some 10 cents a
bushel cheaper than U.S. Origin due to the bumper harvest, it
is highly likely that Japanese crushers will increase their
buying volume," one source said. Brazilian beans are available
to Japan for shipment from May to July.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3458>
Japanese crushers, starting to buy U.S.
Soybeans for April shipment, have recently made purchases of
some 48,000 tonnes, trade sources said.
    The sources said they could not estimate the total volume
to be purchased for April shipping because Japan's crushing
program for April and June is unclear.
    They had predicted earlier that crushers' April shipment
U.S. Bean purchases would drop to 260,000 to 270,000 from the
monthly average of 300,000 to 330,000 tonnes due to low soybean
meal prices.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3467>
The joint committee of Taiwan's soybean
importers will tender March 12 for a 27,000 tonne cargo of U.S.
Soybeans for March 20 to April 5 delivery, a committee
spokesman told Reuters.
    Taiwan's soybean imports in calendar 1987 are provisionally
set at 1.81 mln tonnes compared with a revised 1.74 mln tonnes
imported last year.
    The 1.74 mln tonne figure was revised from 1.76 mln tonnes.
    Taiwan imports all its soybeans from the United States.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3540>
Lower production of coconut
and palm oils could lead to a decline in vegetable oil stocks
this year despite growing supplies of oilseeds, senior oilseeds
analyst for Merrill Lynch Capital Markets Mario Balletto said.
    Balletto told a conference of Canadian farmers at Alberta
Agriculture's annual farm outlook conference that the world
vegetable oil situation is one of potentially tight supplies.
    "Prices for edible oils appear to have more upside
potential reflecting strong world demand and an unprecedented
decline in the production of tree oils," Balletto said.
    Balletto estimated production of palm, coconut and palm
kernel oils this year at 8.5 mln tonnes, down from 9.1 mln
tonnes last year, enough to offset higher oilseed output.
    He estimated total vegetable oil production this year at
33.4 mln tonnes, up from 33.0 mln last year, and disappearance
at 34.0 mln tonnes, up from 32.6 mln.
    Unless oilseed crushing increases sharply, he said,
disappearance of vegetable oils could exceed production by
600,000 tonnes, the largest deficit since 1976.
    "If world protein meal demand stagnates, thus limiting the
crush of soybeans ... the need for serious supply rationing in
the edible oils sector could develop," he said.
    "This would be relatively favorable for the prices of high
oil yielding seeds," Balletto said.
    Oilseeds, on the other hand, remain at depressed prices
because of burdensome supplies, he said.
    World ending stocks of oilseeds are estimated to increase
for the fourth straight year to a record 28.4 mln tonnes,
compared with 25.4 mln last year.
    The increase should result from lower disappearance, as
production is expected to fall to 184.0 mln tonnes from 185.7
mln last year, he said.
    World soybean production in 1987 totalled a record 98.9 mln
tonnes, up from 90.6 mln the previous year, Balletto said,
while production of other oilseeds was lower.
    Higher soybean production in South America and Europe made
up for lower production in the United States, he said.
    Soybeans account for the bulk of the surplus, and U.S.
stocks make up most of those, Balletto said.
    The Commodity Credit Corporation owned 12.7 mln tonnes,
about half of the world soybean surplus, he said.
    Since 1983-84, he said, world oilseed stocks have increased
13.1 mln tonnes.
    "During the same period, U.S. soybean stocks increased 12.1
mln tonnes, becoming the dumping ground of the entire world
surplus, courtesy of the CCC and highlighting the artificially
high prices caused by the U.S. loan program."
    "Soybean prices and, to a great extent, world oilseeds
prices are likely to be dominated by the loan program, as long
as the U.S. soybean surplus continues.
    For the 1987 crop, he said, prices are likely to hover in a
range tied to the U.S. loan program.
    "Upside potential for prices is limited by the huge supply
overhang while strong underlying support is provided by the
U.S. loan rate."
    The problem is likely to become worse as the artificially
high prices encourage producers in South America, Canada and
Australia to shift from grains to oilseeds, Balletto said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3888>
France supports the European Commission's
plans for a European Community (EC) fats and oils tax but
objects to some of its oilseeds proposals, Yves Van Haecke, an
aide to French agriculture minister Francois Guillaume said.
    He told a general assembly of France's Oilseeds Federation
(FFCOP) that a suppression of monthly increases of oilseed
support prices, for example, was unacceptable.
    French oilseeds experts added the principle of a single tax
regardless of varying quality was clumsy and capable of
unneccessarily alienating exporters such as the U.S.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3979>
Enrollment in the U.S. Agriculture
Department's fourth conservation signup is expected to be
announced tomorrow, and USDA officials said the figure may be
higher than total enrollment for the first three signups.
    Enrollment will be in the range of seven to 12 mln acres,
USDA conservation specialists said. Total enrollment so far in
the 10-year conservation program is 8.9 mln acres.
    Producers submitted bids to enter 11 to 12 mln acres into
the program, Milton Hertz, administrator for USDA's
Agricultural Stabilization and Conservation Service said at a
congressional hearing yesterday. Not all the bids will be
accepted, Hertz said, but enrollment is expected to be high.
    As in the first three signups, the Great Plains area is
expected to attract the greatest enrollment.
    "The Great Plains area will be the predominate area which
we'll get signup in," a USDA conservation specialist said.
    Marginal corn acreage will likely be the bulk of the
acreage pulled from that area, he said.
    Fringe soybean acres in the southeast and some bean acreage
in the midwest are also expected to be taken out of production,
but the USDA source said this would be a relatively small
percent of the total.
    A special two dlr bonus to corn producers who enroll part
of their corn base acreage into the program has sparked more
interest in this latest signup, USDA officials said.
    Under the program, USDA pays farmers annual rents to take
land out of production for 10 years. The average rent payment
accepted in the first three signups was 43.50 dlrs per acre.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3981>
Heavy rains fell again in
Argentina's main grain growing areas in the week to yesterday,
trade sources said.
    Rains fell heaviest early in the week, and in particularly
high volume in Buenos Aires province, Cordoba, La Pampa and
Santa Fe provinces.
    Rainfall totalled between 20 and 290 mm in Buenos Aires,
heaviest in western sectors of the province, 20 to 145 mm in La
Pampa, 25 to 120 mm in Cordoba, and 10 to 75 mm in Santa Fe.
Rainfall was lighter in other provinces.
    Rainfall totalled from five to 50 mm in Corrientes, five to
31 mm in San Luis, five to 30 mm in Entre Rios, three to 20 mm
in Misiones, 11 to 17 mm in Formosa and one to eight mm in
Chaco.
    Growers said it was still too early to tell whether the
rains had damaged crops, though they said maize and sunflower
crops may have suffered.
    Harvesting of both those crops and sorghum was paralysed by
the bad weather. For harvesting to resume as normal, the rains
would have to stop long enough for the soil to dry and allow
farm machinery to operate.
    The rains caused flooding in western and northwestern
Buenos Aires, as more than 750 mm have fallen in some areas
there since February 23 while the annual average is 1,200 mm.
    Flooded areas total between 1.2 and 1.5 mln hectares,
Buenos Aires province governor Alejandro Armendariz said after
flying over the flooded area.
    Agriculture Secretary Ernesto Figueras said only 500,000
hectares of the area now flooded had been planted, and that
200,000 to 300,000 hectares could be lost. Growers said large
parts of the flooded areas were not planted because they are
low-lying and flood easily.
    Trade sources said it was certain crops were damaged by the
heavy rains but it was too early to tell the exact extent of
the damage. They said it was likely rain combined with high
winds uprooted many sunflower and maize plants.
    The sunflower harvest moved forward in the centre and south
of Cordoba and Santa Fe and got underway in a few isolated
areas of northern Buenos Aires. Growers have harvested between
15 and 18 pct of total planted area, up from seven to nine pct
a week ago.
    Estimates of the total volume of the sunflower crop were
revised downward in light of the bad weather.
    Estimates for total crop ranged from 2.3 to 2.6 mln tonnes,
down from 2.4 to 2.7 mln tonnes estimated last week and down
34.1 to 41.5 pct from last year's record harvest of 4.1 mln
tonnes.
    Maize harvesting also advanced, reaching between 13 and 15
pct of total planted area compared to seven to nine pct a week
ago. The maize harvest is expected to total between 10 and 10.2
mln tonnes, down from the 10 to 10.4 mln tonnes estimated a
week ago.
    Last year's maize harvest totalled 12.8 mln tonnes,
according to official figures.
    Soybean production estimates were revised downward, to 7.8
to 8.2 mln tonnes compared to estimates of eight to 8.4 mln
tonnes a week ago. Last year's soybean harvest totalled 7.1 mln
tonnes, according to official figures.
    Sorghum harvesting moved slowly forward, reaching between
four and six pct of total planted area, compared to two to four
pct a week ago.
    Sorghum production estimates remained steady at 3.2 to 3.5
mln tonnes, down 16.7 to 22 pct from the 4.1 to 4.2 mln tonnes
produced in the last harvest.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4040>
The yield on 46,000 hectares (ha) of
rapeseed in central China will be cut by up to 70 pct by
hailstorms and tornadoes that swept across nearly 100,000 ha of
crops on March 6, the New China News Agency said today.
    The storm, which lashed the Huai and Yangtze rivers and
eastern Anhui province, left two people dead and 800 others
injured. Some 800 houses were flattened and 19 boats sunk, it
said.
    The Anhui provincial government has sent emergency relief
to the 19 counties affected, the news agency said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4076>
The joint committee of Taiwan's soybean
importers awarded a contract to Richco Grain Ltd of New York to
supply a 27,000-tonne cargo of U.S. Soybeans, a committee
spokesman told Reuters.
    The shipment, priced at 210.34 U.S. Dlrs per tonne c and f
Taiwan, is set for delivery between March 20 and April 5, he
said.
    Taiwan's soybeans imports in calendar 1987 are targetted at
1.81 mln tonnes, against an actual 1.74 mln tonnes imported in
1986, he said.
    All the imports come from the U.S., He added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4083>
France's Oilseed and Bean Cooperatives
Federation, FFCOP, said it expected French rapeseed sowings for
the 1987 harvest to rise by between 54.6 pct and 67.5 pct to
between 600,000 and 650,000 hectares from 388,000 planted last
year.
    Its latest estimates also suggested a 66.7 pct rise in
soybean sowings to 80,000 ha from 48,000 last year. Sunflower
sowings were expected to increase by between 8.6 pct and 14.6
pct from 829,000 ha. Pea sowings are estimated likely to rise
27.7 pct to 350,000 ha against 274,000, while field bean
sowings are forecast unchanged at 40,000.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4133>
A Japanese real estate company
said it will launch a campaign to sell land in U.S. Farming
areas to rich Japanese.
    Higashi Nippon House said it would offer around 2,200 acres
of land in Illinois, California, Florida and Indiana from early
April to gauge response. It set up International Farm Corp of
America in Chicago last September to oversee the operation.
    American farmers would continue as working tenants and part
of the profits from harvests of rice, corn, soybean and oranges
would go to the Japanese investors as rental.
    Japanese Agriculture Ministry officials told Reuters sales
were limited to farmers to keep land in agricultural use.
    "Two years ago, I began to seek my own farmland in Japan,"
said Isao Nakamura, president of Higashi Nippon. "However, sale
of Japanese farmland is strictly controlled by the government,
so I began to look for the land in the U.S to make my dream to
own farm land come true."
    Nakamura said hundreds of companies exist in the U.S. To
sell farmland to investors as more and more farmers face
difficulties due to the recession in U.S. Agriculture.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4392>
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard
Lyng said a marketing loan for soybeans would serve no present
purpose because the U.S. price is not above the world price.
    Asked in an interview if it was time to consider a
marketing loan for soybeans, Lyng said, "I don't think so. I
don't think the world price is lower than our price anyway."
    However, the USDA secretary said that if current conditions
of surplus production persisted, it might be appropriate to
consider a marketing loan.
    "I suppose that under that condition there is a danger our
exports will continue to drop and that the government will
continue to accumulate large stocks of soybeans," he said. "It
might be (worth contemplating a marketing loan), if there were
a world market that was lower than our market."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4490>
Implementation of a one-year 0/92
pilot program for wheat and feedgrains was strongly promoted
today by the chairman of a key house agriculture subcommittee
as a way to cut farm costs and simultaneously give farmers
another option when making their planting decisions.
    "We have a budget driven farm policy. It may be a shame,
but we are locked into this," said Dan Glickman, (D-Kans.),
chairman of the subcommittee on wheat, soybeans and feed
grains. "We need to look at ways to cut costs and not hurt the
farmer. A 0/92 plan, if properly done, could do both."
    Glickman announced this week plans to introduce a 0/92 bill
for 1987 and 1988 wheat and feedgrains. An aide to Glickman
said that it will probably be introduced next week.
    Glickman said a 0/92 program, which allows a farmer to
forego planting and still receive 92 pct of his deficiency
payment, would not be a major revision of the 1985 farm bill --
only an extension of the 50/92 option already provided under
the current bill.
    It is premature to make any major changes in the farm bill,
he said, but if agriculture has to make further cuts to meet
budget goals, a voluntary 0/92 plan would be better than
sharply cutting target prices, as USDA has proposed.
    A 0/92 plan, however, would not be decoupling, but simply a
different type of acreage diversion program, Glickman said.
    Decoupling -- delinking planting decisions from government
payments -- is too much of a policy change to approve at this
point, he said.
    "I don't think there is any interest in pursuing a
decoupling bill this year. Period. Unequivocal," Glickman said
at the hearing.
    Sen. Rudy Boschwitz (R-Minn.), cosponsor of the
Boren/Boschwitz decoupling plan, said he supports a short term
0/92 program as a move to a more permament decoupling plan.
    Boschwitz plans to introduce a 0/92 plan in the senate. His
plan would guarantee a certain deficiency payment to
participating farmers, require that idled acreage be put to
conservation use only, prohibit haying and grazing on extra
idled acreage, limit participation to a certain number of acres
in a county and provide tenant protection provisions.
    "I know we cannot obtain complete decoupling in 1987, but
we can at least move in that direction," Boschwitz said.
    Robbin Johnson, vice president of Cargill, Inc., testified
in favor of decoupling. Decoupling would end the current bias
in U.S. farm policy towards overproduction and reduce farmers'
dependency on the government, he said.
    A 0/92 plan does not go far enough in decoupling, Johnson
said, and would still encourage farmers to plant.
    Officials from the National Corn Growers Association and
the National Cattlemen's Association said their groups oppose
any 0/92 or decoupling plan due to concerns about reopening the
farm bill and creating more confusion among farmers.
    But when asked if his association were forced to choose
between a ten pct cut in target prices or a 0/92 program, Larry
Johnson of the Corn Growers said they would agree to 0/92
rather than take sharp cuts in target levels.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4512>
Japanese crushers bought 8,000 tonnes
of Canadian rapeseed in export business overnight for April
shipment, trade sources said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4549>
A marketing loan for U.S. wheat,
feedgrains and soybeans would do nothing to help the surplus
production situation and would be extremely costly, Sen. Rudy
Boschwitz (R-Minn.) said.
    "I think I would not support a marketing loan now," he told
the House agriculture subcommittee on wheat, soybeans and
feedgrains. Boschwitz was one of the original supporters of a
marketing loan for cotton and rice, but has since focused
support on decoupling legislation, the Boren/Boschwitiz bill.
    A market loan for grains and soybeans would encourage more
production, especially in high-yielding areas, would be much
more expensive than the current cotton and rice marketing loans
and not increase exports significantly, he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4599>
There were no shipments of U.S.
grain or soybeans to the Soviet Union in the week ended March
12, according to the U.S. Agriculture Department's latest
Export Sales report.
     The USSR has purchased 1.0 mln tonnes of U.S. corn for
delivery in the fourth year of the U.S.-USSR grain agreement.
     Total shipments in the third year of the U.S.-USSR grains
agreement, which ended September 30, amounted to 152,600 tonnes
of wheat, 6,808,100 tonnes of corn and 1,518,700 tonnes of
soybeans.
    Shipments to the USSR in the second year of the agreeement
amounted to 2,887,200 tonnes of wheat and 15,750,100 tonnes of
corn.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5391>
American soybean producers are
confident the proposed European Community (EC) tax on vegetable
oils and fats will be rejected but are leaving nothing to
chance, American Soybean Association (ASA) president-elect
Wayne Bennett said.
    Bennett, who is leading one of three soybean producer
delegations on a lobbying tour of EC capitals, was speaking at
a lunch.
    After meetings at the Economics and Foreign ministries this
morning, he said the Dutch Government had indicated it would
vote against the proposal, as had a number of other countries.
    "Our information suggests we will have the required number
of votes in Brussels to prevent the tax proposal going forward,"
he said.
    "The proposal has been talked of in Brussels for the past 20
years, and dropped every time. What we want now is to kill it
once and for all," Bennett added.
    Backing up the soybean producers' active lobbying, the U.S.
Government has also indicated it will be prepared to retaliate
with penal import taxes if the proposal does get through, he
said.
    The U.S. Government also feels it has a good case to fight
the proposed tax in the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
(GATT), a U.S. Embassy spokesman said.
    U.S. Exports of soybeans and products to the EC account for
one-fifth of annual production, and are worth about 2.5 billion
dlrs a year, Bennett said.
    The proposed tax on oils and fats would hit U.S. Producers
badly while at the same time virtually doubling the price of
soyoil in the EC, which would suffer far worse than other
higher-priced oils because of the nature of the proposed tax,
he added.
    The revenue to the EC from the tax would simply be used to
finance the EC's own oilseed subsidy machine, he said.
    "We in the ASA are dedicated free-traders. We helped defeat
the Wine Equity Act two years ago, but we will not stand by and
watch our own farmers suffer from such protectionist EC
measures," Bennett said.
    "The mood in the U.S. Is turning increasingly protectionist,
and the EC's actions are fueling the chances of a trade war,"
he added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5531>
The USDA's weekly export inspection
report is expected to show steady corn and wheat exports and
lower soybean exports, according to CBT floor traders'
forecasts.
    Traders projected soybean exports at 16 mln to 18 mln
bushels, down from 18.6 mln bushels a week ago and 20.3 mln
bushels a year ago.
    Corn guesses ranged from 22 mln to 26 mln bushels, compared
with 25.2 mln bushels a week ago and 22.4 million bushels a
year ago.
    Wheat guesses ranged from 13 mln to 17 mln bushels,
compared with 16.8 mln bushels a week ago and 13.4 mln bushels
a year ago.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5610>
Farmers enrolled over 6.5 mln acres
of program crops in the latest conservation reserve program
signup and around four mln acres of non-program crops,
Agriculture Department conservation specialists said.
    Soybean acreage amounted to less than two mln acres of the
non-program crop acreage enrolled, a USDA analyst said. Heavy
enrollment of non-base acreage in wheat states, of which a big
percentage would be fallow and non-soybean land, accounted for
a large portion of the non-program acreage, the analyst said.
    Wheat and corn acreage comprised slightly over 40 pct of
the total 10,572,402 acres accepted into the ten-year program.
    USDA analysts gave the following enrollment breakdown:
    -- wheat  2,615,140 acres
    -- corn   1,894,764 acres
    -- barley   705,888 acres
    -- sorghum  585,552 acres
    -- cotton   417,893 acres
    -- rice       2,035 acres
    -- peanuts      611 acres
    -- tobacco      285 acres
    -- total program crops  6,512,700 acres
    -- total nonprogram     4,059,702 acres
    -- total enrollment    10,572,402 acres
    USDA analysts are currently working on a complete state
breakdown of crop acreage enrollment and should have it ready
for publication later this week, they said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5702>
A high-level meeting last week which
included the Secretary of Agriculture and other senior  USDA
officials, along with leaders of the major soybean lobbying
groups, failed to reach any decision on what should be done
about the soybean loan level, participants at the meeting told
Reuters.
    "We didn't feel a lot was accomplished last week, but we
were delighted to meet with the Secretary, and he didn't close
the door on anything," a member of the soybean delegation said.
    At issue is the current soybean loan and the fact that at
the present level of 4.77 dlrs (without Gramm-Rudman
reductions) it encourages foreign soybean production by making
soybeans more profitable to grow than corn.
    But while recognizing that soybeans are priced too high in
relation with corn, soybean groups have pledged their support
to maintaining current price supports for soybean growers.
    Leaders of the American Soybean Association and the
National Soybean Processors Association offered specific loan
options to USDA Secretary Lyng in last week's meeting, but
participants would not reveal what those options were.
    "There were no surprises in our package," one participant
said. Bandied about for several weeks has been the idea of
offering producers soybean loans partially in cash and in
certificates.
    The most prevailing scheme would be to pay a 4.77 loan with
77 cts worth of soybean-specific certificates which would not
have to be paid back and the remaining four dlrs in cash.
    This would have the effect of lowering the world price,
maintaining domestic support levels and reducing the
government's soybean inventory.
    A marketing loan for soybeans was not discussed at last
week's meeting, participants said.
    One member of the soybean delegation said that the meeting
was a "listening session" for USDA, and that the proposals will
now be studied further by the Department.
    USDA officials, however, would not commit to any time
frame. Participants in the meeting do not look for changes in
the soybean loan to be announced in the near future.
    "USDA is very sensitive about saying anything that could
influence the market, so the Secretary was very non-committal,"
a participant said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5761>
The European Community's (EC)
executive Commission defended attacks on major elements of its
ambitious program to rid the EC of its controversial farm
surpluses, after strong attacks from northern states.
    Britain and West Germany, backed by the Netherlands and
Denmark, opposed a proposed tax on edible oils and fats which
has already sparked strong protest from exporters to the EC led
by the U.S. and from EC consumer groups, diplomats said.
    But EC Agriculture Commissioner Frans Andriessen told
journalists he had warned ministers that failure to agree the
tax, proposed last month as part of the Commission's annual
farm price package, would leave a large hole in the group's
budget.
    He added that he hoped states had not yet made their mind
up for good. "I hope the debate is still open, if not there will
be a formidable hole in the budget," he said.
    The shortfall could reach two billion dollars in 1988 and
would be only slightly less this year, he said.
    Foreign ministers were taking a first look at the tax ahead
of farm ministers in a move described by diplomats as
unprecedented and welcomed by Andriessen as a sign ministers
recognised the importance of reforming the EC's farm policy.
    The proposed tax is designed to provide the EC with extra
cash to finance community oilseed crops at their current levels
and to brake a dramatic decrease in olive oil consumption by
making it more competitive with other oils.
    Andriessen noted the EC has over two mln olive oil
producers, mostly small farmers, who could be helped by the
tax.
    "What we are suggesting is reasonable, it should be better
understood not just outside the community but at home," he said.
    Britain, normally a keen advocate of radical changes in the
EC's costly farm subsidies system, warned the proposal to
impose the tax on both domestic and imported oils and fats
could seriously damage the EC's trade relations with other
countries.
    Britain also warned that the tax could hit developing
countries already receiving aid from the EC, they said.
    The Commission also defended proposals to dismantle
Monetary Compensatory Amounts (MCA) -- a system of cross border
subsidies and taxes to level out foreign exchange fluctuations
for farm exports -- against harsh West German criticism.
    In a letter this weekend from Chancellor Helmut Kohl to EC
executive Commission President, Jacques Delors, Kohl made clear
such a dismantling would mainly hit West German farmers.
    Diplomats said West Germany again repeated its criticism at
the talks here but Andriessen told journalists that Germany had
been alone in its opposition. The question was a key aspect of
the Commission's farm price proposals, he added.
   Ministers also agreed a 3.5 billion dlrs scheme to rid the
EC of its butter mountain, despite Spanish and Portuguese
opposition.
    The scheme will pay for the disposal of one mln tonnes of
unwanted butter, by selling it at knock-down prices, turning it
into animal feed or exporting it at subsidised prices.
    National capitals are due to be reimbursed later out of
savings from another plan to curb milk production.
    Diplomats said Spain and Portugal have been angered by the
scheme, which they feel forces them to pay for massive
surpluses built up before they joined the community last year,
but the two countries did not block today's vote.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5833>
Further talks will be held this morning
at Cargill U.K. Ltd's oilseed processing plant at Seaforth,
after yesterday's meeting between management and unions failed
to produce a solution to end the three month old strike, a
company spokesman said.
    Talks will be extended to tomorrow if there is no
breakthrough in today's session, he said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6116>
Wet weather covered Rio Grande do
Sul, Brazil in the week ended March 14, benefitting soybeans
which are mostly setting to filling pods, the Joint
Agricultural weather Facility of the U.S. Agriculture and
Commerce Departments said.
    In its International Weather and Crop Summary, the agency
said minimal precipitation covered soybean areas in Santa
Catarina, Parana, and southern Matto Grosso do Sul.
    Adequate soil moisture in these areas met crop moisture
demands, reducing the potential for crop stress, it said.
    The agency said February precipitation was above normal
over most soybean areas of Brazil.
    Weekly temperatures were below normal, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6265>
Upcoming changes being considered in
the U.S. Agriculture Department's transportation and loan
programs were outlined by a USDA official today.
    Addressing the annual meeting of the National Grain and
Feed Association, Tom VonGarlem, assistant deputy administrator
for USDA's state and county operations, said the following
changes are under consideration by USDA.
    Termination of USDA's Transportation Assistance Program for
wheat, barley and sorghum would be proposed this week.
    Changes in USDA's reserve rotation program are also under
consideration, VonGarlem said. While the department has not
made any final decision, banning the use of pik and roll grain
in reserve rotation is under heavy consideration, he said.
    Changes in loan rates will definitely be looked at for next
year's crop, he said, with the option of making soybean loans
partially in cash and in certificates under consideration.
    VanGarlem said he will definitely not extend the 1987 crop
program signup, saying he sees no reason to do so at this time.
    He also said wheat will not be considered for a cash bonus
under the Conservation Reserve Program.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6269>
Seven major U.S. farm groups took
the unusual step of releasing a joint statement urging
congressional leaders not to tinker with existing farm law.
    Following meetings with House Agriculture Committee
Chairman Kika de la Garza (D-Tex.) and Senate Agriculture
Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.), the groups issued a
statement saying lawmakers should "resist efforts to overhaul
the 15-month-old law, which is operating in its first crop
marketing year."
    The farm groups included the American Farm Bureau
Federation, American Soybean Association, National Cattlemen's
Association, National Corn Growers Association, National Cotton
Council, National Pork Producers Council and the U.S. Rice
Producers Legislative Group.
    The statement said Congress should not modify the 1985 farm
bill "so the law might have its intended impact of making
agriculture more competitive in export markets while at the
same time maintaining farm income."
    "We strongly believe American farmers now need
predictability and certainty in farm legislation in order to
have any opportunity of making proper production and marketing
decisions," the groups said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6890>
Argentine grain growers reduced
their estimates for maize and soybean production in the current
harvest in the week to yesterday, trade sources said.
    Soybean production for 1986/87 is now estimated to reach
between 7.7 and eight mln tonnes, versus 7.8 to 8.2 mln tonnes
estimated a week ago and eight to 8.4 mln tonnes estimated in
mid-February.
    But even the lowest of those estimates would be 8.5 to 12.7
pct greater than last year's total of 7.1 mln tonnes, according
to official figures, and would be a new record.
    The total area planted with soybeans for this harvest was a
record 3.7 to 3.8 mln hectares and increased 10.8 to 13.8 pct
compared to the 3.3 mln hectares planted last year.
    The change in yield estimates is due to very high
temperatures and inadequate rainfall since early in the year in
the soybean-producing belt of southern Cordoba and Santa Fe and
northern Buenos Aires province.
    The heat and lack of rain combined to leave many soybean
pods empty, especially in Cordoba.
    Intense rains in recent weeks did not affect crops, since
rainfall was slight in most main soybean-producing areas.
    Rains in the week to yesterday were isolated and weak in
Buenos Aires province, totalling between one and 10 mm. There
was no recorded rain in other grain-producing provinces.
    With clear skies and seasonable temperatures, fields were
able to dry in areas that had received heavy rains in recent
weeks, allowing growers to accelerate the pace of maize,
sunflower and sorghum harvesting.
    Crops were considered in generally good condition, though
it is still too early to judge whether the intense rains of
recent weeks caused any long-term damage.
    The maize harvest advanced to between 20 and 22 pct of the
total area planted, compared to 13 to 15 pct a week ago.
    Total area planted with maize for this harvest stood at
3.58 to 3.78 mln hectares, down two to seven pct from the 3.85
mln hectares planted in the previous harvest.
    Total production for the current maize harvest is expected
to reach between 9.9 and 10.1 mln tonnes, versus 10 to 10.2 mln
tonnes estimated a week ago. The new figure is 21.1 to 22.7 pct
lower than the 12.8 mln tonnes produced in the last harvest,
according to official figures.
    The sunflower harvest advanced to between 20 and 23 pct of
total planted area, versus 15 to 18 pct a week ago.
    Total area planted with sunflower for this harvest was two
to 2.2 mln hectares, or 29.9 to 36.3 pct lower than the record
3.14 mln hectares planted in the 1985/86 harvest.
    The current harvest's volume was again expected to be
between 2.3 and 2.6 mln tonnes, or 34.1 to 41.5 pct lower than
last harvest's record 4.1 mln tonnes.
    Yields varied widely from area to area, and growers feared
that heavy rains in recent weeks may have taken their toll on
crops and, consequently, on total production volume.
    The sorghum harvest reached between nine and 11 pct of
total planted area, compared to four to six pct a week ago.
    Total area planted with sorghum stood at between 1.2 and
1.3 mln hectares, or 10.3 to 15.2 pct lower than the 1.4 mln
hectares planted in the previous harvest.
    Estimates for total sorghum production this harvest
remained at 3.2 to 3.5 mln tonnes again this week, or 16.7 to
22 pct lower than last harvest's total volume of 4.1 to 4.2 mln
tonnes.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6906>
Soybeans produced in the United
States face a competitive price problem because of the loan
rate provisions of the 1985 farm bill, U.S. Undersecretary of
Agriculture Daniel Amstutz said.
    Amstutz told a House Agriculture Appropriations
subcommittee hearing that soybeans are caught in a "squeeze"
because the Farm Bill allowed steep cuts in grain loan rates
while limiting the soybean reduction.
    As a result, he said U.S.-produced soybeans "have a price
problem" in competing with other soybean producing countries.
    Amstutz called the situation a "dilemma" for the USDA, and
said "we have spent hours in ASCS (Agriculture Stabilization
and Conservation Service) looking at this."
    He did not say what may be done to rectify the situation.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7037>
American soybean producers and processors
are hoping the proposed EC tax on vegetable oils and fats will
not be imposed, but say the U.S. Is prepared to retaliate if it
is introduced.
    Wayne Bennett, the American Soybean Association's first
vice president, told a news conference the U.S. Administration
would not hesitate to retaliate, but both producers and
processors were trying to solve the issue through negotiation.
    U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Richard Lyng said in a letter
to EC officials that U.S. Retaliatory measures would cover more
than agricultural products if the tax was imposed, Bennett
said.
    The ASA and National Soybean Processors Association (NSPA)
delegations will meet top West German government officials
today and tomorrow to lobby for support.
    Bennett said West Germany, Britain, the Netherlands,
Denmark and Portugal oppose the tax, but Italy and Belgium seem
to have taken a hardline view on the issue.
    "Europeans in favour of the tax say it would be to their
advantage economically, but that is not correct because we
would hit back," NSPA chairman Jack Reed said.
    This step would be very expensive for all and no one would
emerge as a winner if the tax were introduced, he said.
    Reed pointed out the U.S. Administration and the soybean
industry view the EC proposal as violating the General
Agreement on Tariffs and Trade.
    The proposed tax also violates the zero duty bindings
agreed between the EC and U.S. In 1962, he said.
    Under the zero duty bindings pact U.S. Soybeans and
products can be exported to the Community duty-free.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7356>
Several leading farm-state
Congressmen said they will press the U.S. Agriculture
Department to implement some kind of marketing loan to make
soybeans exports competitive while protecting farm income.
    Speaking at a House grains subcommittee hearing, chairman
Dan Glickman, D-Kan., proposed that Congressmen and
representatives of soybean growers meet with USDA on the
subject in the next two weeks.
    "Let's see if we can try to push them (USDA) to do
something without legislation," Glickman told the hearing.
    The current soybean loan rate effectively is 4.56 dlrs per
bushel with no income protection, or marketing loan.
    David Haggard, American Soybean Association, ASA, president
said USDA must make changes in the soybean program.
    The current soybean program "gave us the worst of both
worlds," ASA's Haggard told the hearing. The 1987 loan rate is
too high relative to corn and is encouraging an expansion of
soybean production in South America, he said. At the same time,
the U.S. soybean loan rate is too low to provide any income
support for soybean farmers, Haggard said.
    "We need some kind of market loan," he added.
    The 1985 farm bill provides authority for the Agriculture
Secretary to implement a marketing loan for soybeans but USDA
so far has resisted pressure to use the authority.
    Representatives of ASA met earlier this month with USDA,
but Haggard said USDA officials gave no indication if they
would seriously consider offering a marketing loan.
    USDA undersecretary Daniel Amstutz yesterday said the
soybean situation is a "dilemna" which has been studied
extensively by the department. But he did not say what, if any
changes, are under consideration.
    In his testimony, Haggard indicated there are ways other
than a marketing loan which should be considered to help
soybean growers, such as a so-called producer option payment,
or a direct payment program.
    Haggard said barring any program changes, Commodity Credit
Corporation, CCC, soybean stocks, now at 385 mln bu, will rise
to 500 mln by the end of August. A further 100 mln bu of
soybeans could be forfeited between September and end-year.
    "Thus, CCC could own the equivalent of Brazil's entire
soybean crop by the end of calendar year 1987," Haggard said.
    However, Haggard said that the U.S. should be cautious in
making soybean program changes that might allow the European
Community to challenge the U.S. program under the General
Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, GATT.
    He noted that The EC imports one quarter of U.S. soybean
production and loss of that market would be devastating.
    The Reagan administration has given "mixed signals" on
whether it believes a marketing loan for soybeans could be
successfully challenged in GATT by the EC, Haggard said.
    While the ASA position is to support a 5.02 dlrs per bu
loan rate combined with a marketing loan, Haggard also endorsed
a proposal by Rep. Jerry Huckaby, D-La., which would set a six
dlrs per bu loan rate and apply a marketing loan.
    The Huckaby proposal is also supported by the ranking
Republican on the House Agriculture committee, Rep. Edward
Madigan of Illinois.
    Subcommittee chairman Glickman endorsed the need to take
some action on soybeans, but cautioned that the marketing loan
could mean a substantial increase in budget costs.
    Glickman noted that the Agriculture Committee must cut one
to 1.5 billion dlrs from its fiscal 1988 budget and therefore
must fit any soybean program changes into the overall budget.
    Haggard said at a soybean loan rate of six dlrs per bu
combined with a marketing loan, the U.S. soybean price might
fall to four dlrs per bu initially. This would cost the
government a maximum of two billion dlrs. But he said the costs
would decline as market prices recovered.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7515>
Whether the European Community's
Council of Ministers will approve a proposed tax on vegetable
oils that has sparked threats of U.S. retaliation is uncertain,
an EC official said.
    "It is very far from certain that it will go through," Sir
Roy Denman, Head of the EC Delegation in Washington, told
reporters before he addressed the Foreign Trade Association.
    Denman noted Britain remains opposed to the plan and West
Germany has opposed it in the past.
    U.S. Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter has threatened
retaliation if the tax is approved, as it would limit U.S.
soybean exports to the EC. Council action is expected soon.
    Denman said while the EC is willing to negotiate about
agriculture in a new round of trade talks, it is unwilling to
single out export subsidies on a negotiating agenda or put
agricultural policy on a special fast track.
    "The key to a solution in this area seems to me not in the
framing of the GATT (General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade)
wording...but in tackling government subsidies to farmers on
both sides of the Atlantic," he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7625>
The West German government expressed
support for the U.S. Position in opposing the proposed European
Community tax on vegetable oils and fats, a U.S. Embassy
spokesman said.
    The spokesman, speaking from Bonn, said, "We have good
reason to think West Germany holds to its resistance to the
proposed tax."
    Several top government officials told the American Soybean
Association and the National Soybean Processors Association
delegations there was no reason for American producers and
processors to pay for EC agriculture, the spokesman said.
    European agriculture was facing severe problems, but both
the Community and the U.S. Should work closely within the
framework provided by the General Agreement on Tariffs and
Trade, he said.
    The delegations will continue their top level meetings in
Bonn today but will not issue a statement before returning to
the U.S. At the weekend.
    The EC and the U.S. Realised the tax issue would stay on
the agenda for several months and there were indications that
both sides would have to prepare for some tough negotiations,
the spokesman said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7700>
Grain analysts surveyed by the American
Soybean Association, ASA, projected acreage this year at 59.1
mln acres of soybeans and 64.7 mln acres of corn.
    In 1986, farmers planted 61.5 mln acres of soybeans and
76.7 mln acres of corn, according to the February 9 USDA
supply/demand report. The USDA is to release its 1987 planting
intentions report March 31.
    The survey included 15 soybean estimates and 13 corn
estimates and was released in the March 16 Soybean Update
newsletter sent to members.
    Estimates ranged from 56.0 mln to 63.0 mln acres of
soybeans and 59.5 mln to 68.0 mln acres of corn.
    An ASA spokesman said the association plans no survey of
farmers' planting intentions this year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7951>
The Commodity Credit Corporation,
CCC, has reallocated 15.0 mln dlrs in credit guarantees to
Turkey previously earmarked for sales of U.S. oilseeds to
provide coverage for sales of U.S. protein meals in fiscal year
1987, the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    The department said the action reduces the guarantee line
authorized for sales of oilseeds to 5.0 mln dlrs from 20.0 mln
dlrs and creates the new line for protein meals.
    All sales under the credit lines must be registered and
exports completed by September 30, 1987, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8003>
Total food aid needs in 69 of the
least developed countries declined in 1986/87, as requirments
fell in many countries in Africa, the Middle East and Asia, the
U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    In a summary of its World Agriculture Report, the
department said grain production in sub-Saharan Africa was a
record high in 1986, with gains in almost every country.
    However, food needs in Central America rose, worsened by
drought-reduced crops and civil strife.
    Record wheat production in 1986/87 is pushing global wheat
consumption for food to a new high, and higher yielding
varieties have been particularly effective where spring wheat
is a common crop, it said.
    However, may developing countries in tropical climates,
such as Sub-Saharan Africa, Southeast Asia, and Central
America, are not well adapted for wheat production, and
improved varieties are not the answer to rising food needs, the
department said.
    World per capita consumption of vegetable oil will rise in
1986/87 for the third straight year.
    Soybean oil constitutes almost 30 pct of vegetable oil
consumption, while palm oil is the most traded, the department
said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8112>
Coconut product exports fell to 163,924
copra tonnes in January from 196,610 tonnes in December and
167,747 tonnes in January last year, government figures show.
    Coconut product sales earned 44.54 mln dlrs compared with
45.30 mln in December and 49.09 mln a year earlier.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8132>
Taiwan is expected to boost agricultural
imports from the U.S. And Europe in calendar 1987 to help
balance trade, the Council of Agriculture said.
    A council official, who declined to be named, told Reuters
the imports, which will include about seven mln tonnes of
oilseeds, grains and dairy products, would be worth some four
billion U.S. Dlrs against 3.72 billion in 1986 and 3.38 billion
in 1985.
    Taiwan's surplus with the U.S. Rose to 13.6 billion dlrs
last year from 10.2 billion in 1985, government figures show.
    Government figures also show Taiwan's surplus with Europe
rose to 1.53 billion dlrs last year from 543 mln in 1985.
    Taiwan's imports of U.S. Farm produce last year amounted to
1.41 billion dlrs against 1.52 billion in 1985.
    Imports from Europe rose to 182 mln U.S. Dlrs from 148 mln,
the official said.
    He attributed the decline in the value of U.S. Imports to
falling agricultural products prices last year.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8140>
Japanese compound feed output fell to
2.06 mln tonnes in January from 2.57 mln in December, against
2.04 mln a year earlier, Agriculture Ministry statistics show.
    January sales totalled 2.07 mln tonnes against 2.59 mln in
December and 2.04 mln a year earlier, while end-month stocks
were 233,003 tonnes against 230,764 and 241,567.
    Base mixes for the January compound feed output included
corn, sorghum and soybean meal.
    Corn use totalled 993,156 tonnes, against 1.20 mln in
December and 896,718 a year earlier, and its compounding ratio
was 48.1 pct against 46.6 pct and 43.1 pct.
    Sorghum use totalled 339,013 tonnes in January against
459,067 in December and 412,743 a year earlier, and its
compounding ratio was 16.4 pct against 17.8 pct and 19.8 pct,
the ministry's figures shows.
    Soybean meal use amounted to 202,546 tonnes against 253,498
and 213,287 and its compounding ratio was 9.8 pct against 9.8
pct and 10.2 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8213>
Winter kill has probably affected West
German winter barley and rapeseed to an above average degree
this season, West German grain trader Alfred C. Toepfer said in
its latest report.
    It is too soon to assess the extent of the damage, but it
is likely that northern West German crops are particularly at
risk because of insufficient snow cover, it said.
    The soil needs to warm up rapidly and moisture content must
improve to avoid further delays to spring field work, it added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8273>
Sen. David Pryor, D-Ark., said
he was considering amending the Senate Finance Committee's
trade bill with a provision to require a marketing loan for
soybeans, corn and wheat.
    Pryor told the Futures Industry Association that there was
great reluctance among members of the Senate Agriculture
Committee to reopen the 1985 farm bill, and that a marketing
loan might have a better chance in the Finance panel.
    The Arkansas senator said the marketing loan -- which in
effect allows producers to pay back their crop loans at the
world price -- had led to a 300 pct increase in U.S. cotton
exports in 14 months and a 72 pct increase in rice exports.
    Pryor serves on both the Senate Finance and Agriculture
Committees.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8319>
Graan Elevator Mij (GEM) said its
balance in port of grains, oilseeds and derivatives rose to
70,000 tonnes on March 21 compared with 10,000 a week earlier
after arrivals of 192,000 tonnes and discharges of 132,000
tonnes last week.
    The balance comprised 25,000 tonnes of grains plus oilseeds
and 45,000 tonnes of derivatives.
    This week's estimated arrivals total 487,000 tonnes, of
which 107,000 are grains/oilseeds and 380,000 derivatives.
    The figures cover around 95 pct of Rotterdam traffic in the
products concerned.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8522>
Congress should give the U.S.
Agriculture Secretary the authority to keep the 1987 soybean
loan rate at the current effective rate of 4.56 dlrs per bushel
in order to help resolve the problem of soybean export
competitiveness, USDA undersecretary Dan Amstutz said.
    Speaking to reporters following a Senate Agriculture
Appropriations hearing, Amstutz suggested that one way out of
the current soybean program "dilemma" would be for Congress to
allow the loan rate to remain at 4.56 dlrs. He indicated if the
loan rate were 4.56 dlrs, USDA could then consider ways to make
U.S. soybeans more competitive such as using certificates to
further buydown the loan rate.
    Under current law, the 1987 soybean loan rate cannot be
less than 4.77 dlrs per bu.
    Amstutz' suggestion would be for Congress to change the
farm bill to allow USDA to leave the soybean loan rate at 4.56
dlrs in crop year 1987 rather than increase it to 4.77 dlrs.
    The 1986 effective loan rate is 4.56 dlrs because of the
4.3 pct Gramm-Rudman budget cut.
    Amstutz stressed that a major factor in any decision on
soybean program changes will be the budget costs.
    He told the hearing that the problem in soybeans is that
the U.S. loan rate provides an "umbrella" to foreign production
and causes competitive problems for U.S. soybeans.
    Asked about the American Soybean Association's request for
some form of income support, Amstutz said "the competitive
problem is the most severe." He said USDA is still studying the
situation and "no resolution" has yet been found.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9058>
U.S. corn acreage this year is 
likely to drop to the lowest level since the unsurpassed
acreage reductions of the 1983 PIK year and could rank as one
of the lowest corn plantings in the United States in sixty
years, Agriculture Department officials said.
    USDA releases its official plantings report on March 31.
Agriculture Department analysts said next week's figures will
likely show a sharp drop in acreage to as low as 65 mln acres,
down 22 pct from last year's plantings of 83.3 mln acres.
    Assuming an 18 mln acre drop in plantings, U.S. corn
production will also decrease significantly. Analysts said 1987
corn production could drop by over one billion bushels to
around seven billion bushels.
    Expected signup of up to 90 pct in the 1987 feed grains
program, along with 1.9 mln acres enrolled in the conservation
program, will cause acreage to plummet, Department feedgrain
analysts said.
    "There's no question that there will be a sharp decrease in
corn acreage," one said. "It's difficult for any farmer to not
go along with the program this year."
    Soybean acreage is also expected to decline this year but
at a much slower rate of around four pct, USDA analysts said.
    Soybean plantings could drop to 59 mln acres or below, they
said, compared to last year's level of 61.5 mln acres.
    If analysts' unofficial estimates prove correct then the
drop in u.s. corn acreage will be the largest since 1983 when
farmers idled 22 mln acres in the Payment-In-Kind program.
    Farmers planted only around 60 mln acres of corn in 1983. A
severe drought that summer in major producing states caused
yields to tumble and final crop production to total only 4.2
billion bushels.
    Given normal weather conditions this year, USDA analysts
said the 1987 corn crop could end up around seven billion
bushels, down from last year's crop of 8.3 billion bushels.
    "This kind of acreage reduction will mean a significant
reduction in production," an analyst said.
    A crop of seven billion bushels is close to the annual U.S.
corn usage, so surplus stocks, while not decreasing, would not
increase significantly, a specialist said.
    High producing corn belt states are expected to show the
greatest acreage reductions, based upon historical
participation in government programs, analysts said.
    In contrast, soybean acreage is likely to be cut the most
in marginal producing areas of the southeast and the western
corn belt, a USDA soybean analyst said.
    "Soybean acreage in the eastern corn belt will not budge,"
he said. Neither does he expect any significant acreage cuts in
higher-producing delta areas.
    Soybean production could drop fractionally from last year's
2.0 billion bushels to 1.8 to 1.9 billion, he said.
    U.S. soybean acreage, after soaring to 71.4 mln acres in
1979 from only 52 mln acres five years prior to that, has
steadily declined in the 1980's.
    U.S. corn acreage, with the exception of 1983, has been in
the low to mid 80-mln acre range for the past 10 years. The
highest corn plantings reported in the 60 years that USDA has
kept such records was in 1932 when farmers planted 113 mln
acres and obtained average yields of 26.5 bushels per acre.
    Last year U.S. farmers obtained record corn yields
averaging 119.3 bushels per acre.
    "We have absolutely no trouble producing an eight billion
bushel crop on only 80 mln acres or so," an analyst said.
    Corn acreage will probably level at around 65 mln acres as
long as government program provisions remain the same, analysts
said.
    Currently farmers enrolling in the program are required to
set aside 20 pct of their base acreage and then are eligible
for payments of two dlrs per bushel by idling an additional 15
pct of their acreage.
    "To get to the PIK level of 60 mln acres, we would have to
provide more incentives," an analyst said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9197>
Talks between Cargill U.K. Ltd's
management and unions, aimed at ending the prolonged strike at
its Seaforth oilseed processing plant, will resume this
afternoon, a company spokesman said.
    Yesterday's session failed to reach a compromise but some
progress was made, he said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9521>
Argentine grain producers again
reduced their estimates for the total yield of the 1986/87
soybean crop, which will begin to be harvested in mid-April,
trade sources said.
    They said growers now forecast soybean production this
season at between 7.5 and 7.8 mln tonnes, down from last week's
estimate of 7.7 to eight mln tonnes and the 8.0 to 8.4 mln
tonnes forecast in mid-February.
    The new forecast is still higher than last season's record
total production.
    Private sources put 1985/86 production at a record 7.2 to
7.3 mln tonnes -- 4.2 to 6.4 pct lower than the new forecast
for the current crop. The official figure for 1985/86 is 7.1
mln tonnes, 5.6 to 9.9 pct below this season's new estimates.
    Growers in the past week discovered more empty soybean pods
in the main producing areas of southern Cordoba and Santa Fe
provinces and northern Buenos Aires.
    The crop since January has been hit by high temperatures
and inadequate rainfall. Growers fear they may find more empty
pods and have to further reduce their forecasts of total yield.
    The area sown to soybeans this season was a record 3.7 to
3.8 mln hectares, 10.8 to 13.8 pct higher than the 1985/86
record of 3.34 mln hectares.
    The state of the crop continued to be good in general until
last week but intense, heavy rains since could have caused
damage in areas where rainfall was higher than 100 mm.
    Where the rains were less heavy they were considered
beneficial although too late to improve yield estimates.
    The rains also benefitted maize and sorghum crops in
southern Buenos Aires province but are not expected to
influence production forecasts.
    In other areas, especially western Buenos Aires, where
rainfall was more than 200 mm, parts of the sunflower, maize
and sorghum crops not yet harvested may have been damaged.
    The coarse grain crop harvest was interrupted last week by
rains which also reached over 100 mm in parts of Cordoba, La
Pampa and Santa Fe and almost 90 mm in parts of Entre Rios.
    The area sown with maize this season was between 3.58 and
3.78 mln hectares, two to seven pct less than the 3.85 mln
hectares in 1985/86.
    The yield of 1986/87 maize continued to be forecast at
between 9.9 and 10.1 mln tonnes.
    This estimate is 19.8 to 20.2 pct lower than the 12.4 to
12.6 mln tonnes at which private sources put 1985/86 production
and 21.1 to 22.7 pct lower than the official 12.8 mln tonnes.
    The sunflowerseed harvest has covered 23 to 26 pct of the
area sown and continues in parts of central Buenos Aires
although at a standstill elsewhere due to rain and floods.
    A resumption of full harvesting and assessment of damage is
impossible until rains stop and a spell of a week to 10 days of
sunshine dries the fields.
    The area sown this season was 2.0 to 2.2 mln hectares, down
29.9 to 36.3 pct on last year's record 3.14 mln hectares.
    Sunflowerseed 1986/87 production is still forecast at 2.3
to 2.6 mln tonnes, 34.1 to 41.5 pct below the 1985/86 record of
4.1 mln tonnes.
    The grain sorghum harvest was the least affected by the
rains, advancing steadily in Santa Fe and Cordoba and starting
in La Pampa to cover 14 to 16 pct of the total area sown.
    The area sown was 1.23 to 1.30 mln hectares, 10.3 to 15.2
pct less than the 1.45 mln hectares the previous season.
    Yield estimates remained at 3.2 to 3.5 mln tonnes, 16.7 to
22 pct down on 1985/86 production of 4.1 to 4.2 mln tonnes.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9617>
U.S. soybean lobbyists and
congressional aides criticized a proposal from a senior
Agriculture Department official that Congress allow the U.S.
soybean loan level to be officially lowered to 4.56 dlrs per
bushel next year.
    "I don't know who in Congress would propose that happening.
Politically it would be totally unacceptable," an aide to a
senior farm-state senator said.
    USDA undersecretary Daniel Amstutz said this week that
Congress should give USDA authority to keep the soybean loan 
at its current effective rate of 4.56 dlrs per bushel rather
than increasing it to its minimum allowed level of 4.77 dlrs.
    "I'm convinced that Congress will not go along with this,"
American Soybean Association President Dave Haggard said.
    Amstutz told reporters following a senate hearing that if
the soybean loan rate were 4.56 dlrs, USDA could then consider
ways to make U.S. soybeans more competitive.
    His comments were seen as possibly indicating what the  the
administration's position is in the debate over what should be
done to make soybeans competitive and at the same time protect
soybean farmers' income.
    Using soybean specific certificates to further buydown the
loan rate or implementation of a marketing loan have been
pointed to as the most effective ways to get soybean prices
competitive. USDA secretary Richard Lyng, however, continues to
maintain his opposition to a marketing loan, saying such a move
would be too costly.
    "There will be alot of other options that will be
considered before Congress looks at that one (the Amstutz
proposal," said Bill O'Conner, aide to Rep. Edward Madigan
(R-Ill), ranking minority leader of the Agriculture Committee.
    "Anybody representing large groups of soybean producers
would not be very excited about supporting a lower soybean
loan," O'Conner said.
    Congress may very likely look at the soybean loan and
decide that they cannot increase it from its current 5.02 dlr
basic rate, but that there has to be something mandated to
increase soybean's competitiveness, David Graves, aide to Sen.
Thad Cochran (R-Miss) said. Cochran, a staunch supporter of a
soybean marketing loan, would support a soybean loan of 5.02 or
4.77 dlrs with a certificate buydown, Graves said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9756>
The U.K. Produced 820,400 tonnes of
oilcake and meal and 431,000 tonnes of crude vegetable oil in
calendar 1986, Ministry of Agriculture figures show.
    They compare with 785,800 tonnes of oilcake and meal and
407,400 tonnes of crude vegetable oil produced in 1985.
    Total oilseeds crushed rose to 1.27 mln tonnes from 1.21
mln in 1985.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9919>
Brazil's soybean harvest was 13
pct complete by March 20, the Safras e Mercado newsletter said.
    This compares with an historic average for this time of
year of 20 pct.
    The newsletter gave the following figures for the progress
of the harvest in the main producer states:
    Parana: 40 pct
    Mato Grosso do Sul: 15 pct
    Mato Grosso: five pct
    Rio Grande do Sul: two pct
 Reuter
</BODY>
