<BODY DOCID=235>
Indonesia"s agriculture sector will grow
by just 1.0 pct in calendar 1987, against an estimated 2.4 pct
in 1986 as the production of some commodities stagnates or
declines, the U.S. Embassy said in a report.
    Production of Indonesia"s staple food, rice, is forecast to
fall to around 26.3 mln tonnes from an embassy estimate of
26.58 mln tonnes in 1986, according to the annual report on
Indonesia"s agricultural performance.
    The government officially estimates 1986 rice production at
26.7 mln tonnes, with a forecast 27.3 mln tonnes output in
1987.
    The report says wheat imports are likely to fall to 1.5 mln
tonnes in calendar 1987 from 1.69 mln tonnes in 1986 because of
a drawdown on stocks.
    "Growth prospects for agriculture in 1987 do not look
promising as rice production is forecast to decline and the
production of sugarcane, rubber and copra show little or no
gain," the report says.
    "The modest overall increase which is expected will be due
to significant gains in production of corn soybeans, palm oil
and palm kernels."
    Constraints to significant overall increases in
agricultural output include a shortage of disease resistant
seeds, limited fertile land, insect pests and a reluctance by
farmers to shift from rice production to other crops, the
report underlines.
    The fall in rice production is caused by an outbreak of
pests known as "wereng" or brown plant hoppers in 1986 which
largely offset gains in yields.
    The outbreak has forced the government to ban the use of 57
insecticides on rice because it was believed the wereng are now
resistant to these varieties, and to use lower-yielding, more
resistant rice types.
    The government is depending on increased production of
export commodities such as coffee, tea, rubber, plywood and
palm oil to offset revenue losses brought on by falling crude
oil prices.
    Palm oil production is expected to increase by over 7.0 pct
in 1987 to 1.45 mln tonnes from 1.35 mln, with exports rising
to an estimated 720,000 tonnes from 695,000 tonnes in 1986, the
report says.
    But while production of soybeans in 1987/88 (Oct-Sept) will
rise to 1.075 mln tonnes from 980,000 in 1986/87, imports will
also rise to supply a new soybean crushing plant.
    The report says that imports of wheat, soybeans, soybean
meal and cotton are not likely to decline as a result of last
September"s 31 pct devaluation of the rupiah because of a rise
in domestic demand.
    The report said that Indonesia"s overall economic
performance in calendar 1986 was about zero or even a slight
negative growth rate, the lowest rate of growth since the
mid-1960s. It compares with 1.9 pct growth in 1985 and 6.7 pct
in 1984.
    The dramatic fall in oil prices last year was responsible
for the slump.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=274>
Indonesia's palm oil output is expected
to rise and exports to increase, the U.S. Embassy said in its
annual report on Indonesia's agriculture sector.
    The Indonesian government said crude palm oil (CPO) output
is expected to rise to 1.56 mln tonnes in 1987 and 2.11 mln in
1988, up from a projected 1.45 mln tonnes in 1986 and 1.26 mln
in 1985.
    The 1986 projection of 1.45 mln tonnes is up from a
provisional figure of 1.3 mln tonnes.
    A U.S. Embassy assessment puts 1987 output at 1.45 mln
tonnes, against 1.35 mln in 1986 and 1.208 mln in 1985.
    "More realistic estimates indicate that 1988 production will
be between 1.5 and 1.6 mln tonnes," the report said.
    The report said the abolition of the five pct CPO export
tax, the devaluation of the rupiah in September 1986 and higher
international palm oil prices should lead to a modest increase
in exports this year.
    Exports are forecast to rise to 720,000 tonnes against
695,000 tonnes in 1986, the report added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=313>
and oil-bearing
raw materials, fats and oils rose to 2.16 mln tonnes on a
fat/oil basis in 1986 from 2.12 mln tonnes in 1985, the
Commodity Board for Margarine, Fats and Oils said.
    Exports of the same commodities fell to 1.35 mln tonnes
from 1.38 mln on a fat-oil basis.
    Fat- and oil-bearing raw materials imports rose to 760,000
from 709,200 tonnes on a fat/oil basis and to 3.47 mln tonnes
actual weight from 3.32 mln.
    Soyabeans were the main component, with imports rising to
2.82 mln tonnes actual weight from 2.75 mln. Sunflowerseed
imports fell to 308,200 from 342,900 tonnes while rapeseed
imports rose to 292,000 from 201,400 tonnes.
    Exports of fat- and oil-bearing raw materials rose to
28,700 tonnes from 19,800 on a fat/oil basis and to 137,200
from 89,900 tonnes actual weight.
    Soyabean exports rose to 119,400 tonnes actual weight from
73,200 tonnes.
    Imports of vegetable fats, including palm oil, rose to
445,400 tonnes from 362,500 and exports to 151,500 from
139,800.
    Vegetable oil imports fell to 227,500 tonnes in 1986 from
286,300 in 1985, and exports to 661,400 from 683,400 tonnes.
    Soyabean oil imports were 32,000 (48,200), sunflower oil
61,600 (92,800), rape oil 82,900 (94,900) and groundnut oil
9,300 (12,200). Exports of soybean oil were 325,900 (338,800),
sun oil 172,100 (189,800), rape oil 114,300 (103,400) and
groundnut oil 7,000 (10,400).
    Animal fat imports rose to 371,700 from 345,800 tonnes and
exports to 124,100 tonnes from 113,000. Fishoil imports fell to
190,600 from 265,600 and exports to 56,500 from 85,500 tonnes.
 reuter...
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=320>
The Indian State Trading Corporation
purchased 46,000 tonnes of vegetable oils at its import tender
on Friday, market sources said.
    The business was for April shipments and comprised 20,000
tonnes of European rapeseed oil at 318 dlrs, 20,000 tonnes of
soyoil, believed South American origin, at 314, and 6,000
tonnes of Malaysian rbd palm olein at 347 dlrs, all per tonne
cif.
    Palm oil sellers were disappointed at the light purchase of
rbd olein and early trading saw the market ease nearly 10 dlrs
under Malaysian refiner and dealer selling. April shipments
traded down to 326 dlrs per tonne, fob.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=332>
Pakistan will hold an import tender
tomorrow for 6,000 tonnes of refined bleached deodorised palm
oil for second half March shipments, traders said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=885>
The government said it raised the
export duty on processed palm oil (PPO) to 64.06 ringgit per
tonne from 40.96 ringgit, effective from March 1.
    Export duty on crude palm oil (CPO) was unchanged at 16.06
ringgit per tonne.
    The gazetted price of PPO rose to 796.8604 ringgit per
tonne from 719.8286. That of CPO remained at 617.8238 ringgit.
    The export duty and gazetted price of palm kernel were left
unchanged at 191.15 and 955.75 ringgit per tonne respectively.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=944>
Pakistan will retender for 6,000 tonnes
of refined bleached deodorised palm oil for second half March
shipment tomorrow, after failing to take up offers today, palm
oil traders said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11778>
The Malaysian government said it
raised the export duty on processed palm oil (ppo) to 70.90
ringgit per tonne from 64.06 in March, effective today.
    Export duty on crude palm oil (cpo) rose to 38.30 ringgit
per tonne from 16.06 last month.
    The gazetted price for ppo rose to 819.6600 ringgit per
tonne from 796.8604 a month earlier and that on cpo to 711.0037
ringgit from 617.8238.
    The export duty and gazetted price of palm kernel stood
unchanged at 191.15 and 955.75 ringgit per tonne respectively.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12585>
Pakistan will tender tomorrow for 12,000
tonnes of refined bleached deodorised palm olein tomorrow,
split in two equal cargo lots for first and second half April
shipments, traders said.
    The tender will be financed with Islamic Development Bank
credit.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12746>
The Palm Oil Registration and
Licensing Authority (PORLA) reports trade in crude palm oil
(cpo) on April 2 as follows in ringgit per tonne delivered
unless stated.
    April 752.50 south and central 751 north average 752.50
down 6.50. May 750 south down 11.
    Refined palm oil traded in bulk US dlrs per tonne fob. RBD
palm oil May 320. RBD palm olein April 336 May 337.50 June 337.
RBD palm stearin May 275.
    The cpo market was lower in light trading, with April
traded between 747.50 and 755 ringgit per tonne.
    The refined palm oil market was slightly easier and April
delivery of RBD palm olein to Singapore traded at 856.50
ringgit per tonne.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13080>
U.S. scientists said some tropical
vegetable oils can be hazardous to consumers whose health is at
risk because of high levels of saturated fat, lending weight to
a campaign by the American Soybean Association (ASA) for
labelling changes.
    The scientists appeared to support an ASA charge, denied by
Malaysian palm growers, that imported coconut, palm and palm
kernel oils contain high levels of saturated fat and thus raise
blood cholesterol and the risk of heart disease.
    In a petition filed in January, the ASA asked the U.S. Food
and Drug Administration (FDA) to require palm, palm kernel and
coconut oils to be identified as saturated fats on food
manufacturers' labels.
    The FDA responded to the ASA in a letter saying it would
consider the petition as a comment to a proposed rule dealing
with cholesterol and fatty acid labelling of foods.
    Malaysian oil palm growers have said the charges by the ASA
that palm oil consumption increases blood cholesterol and
contributes to heart disease are untrue.
    But Steve Chang, Professor of Food Science at Rutgers
University, said, "Palm oil is definitely not good for human
health because it has a high content of saturated fatty acid."
    He added that the higher the fatty acid, the greater the
blood cholesterol level. "It has been well established that
high cholesterol levels will have a higher level of heart
disease," he said.
    A Malaysian Oil Palm Growers Council official, Borge
Bek-Nielsen, has said studies have shown that palm oil is
cholesterol-free, low in saturated fats, has anti-cancer
properties and prevents blood clotting and blocking of arteries
in humans.
    Bek-Nielsen said Americans consume more saturated fats
daily through food like butter, bacon, ham and beef than from
palm oil, which, he added is rich in vitamins A and E.
    David Kritchevsky, Associate Director of the Wistar
Institute in Philadelphia, appeared to take the ASA view on
labelling. "What people really have to learn is to read labels,"
said Kritchevsky. "The more a consumer knows, the more likely he
will make an intelligent choice."
    The U.S. scientists said they had no doubt imported palm,
palm kernel and coconut oils contain high saturated fat levels.
    Kritchevsky, a specialist in nutrition, said, "More
saturated fat would raise cholesterol levels...So, from that
point of view it's a health risk. High cholesterol levels in
the blood are a risk factor for heart disease."
    Susanne Harris, deputy assistant secretary of the U.S.
Agriculture Department's Food and Consumer Services Division,
said the health risk among consumers of vegetable oils with
high saturated fat levels was highest among those who have
heart disease.
    The scientists said more than 50 pct of the fatty acid
content of the tropical oils was saturated, whereas less than
20 pct of the fatty acid content of soybean oil was saturated.
    David Ericksen, director of ASA's technical services, said
U.S. soybean producers could regain about one-half of the 273
mln dlrs in sales lost to imported tropical oils if consumers
were aware the vegetable oils were high in saturated fat.
    Imported tropical oils displace 171 mln bushels of U.S.
soybean sales in the U.S. market, ASA estimates.
    U.S. imports of coconut oil during January totaled 82.9 mln
lbs compared with 48.0 mln lbs in December and 106.5 mln a year
earlier, according to Commerce Department figures.
    Imports of palm oil totaled 44.0 mln lbs compared with 51.3
mln lbs in December and 85.2 mln a year earlier.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13179>
Grain and oilseed complex export
business reported since yesterday by government agencies and
private exporters -
    Japanese crushers bought 4,000 to 5,000 tonnes of Canadian
rapeseed in export business overnight for May shipment...Greece
has agreed to buy 27,000 to 33,000 tonnes of Spanish corn for
spot shipment, with Italy buying 6,000 to 7,000 tonnes of
Spanish corn for last/half April shipment, a spokesman for
cargill's spanish unit said...Taiwan bought 54,000 tonnes of
U.S. soybeans for April 20/May 5 delivery C and F...
    (Continued) - The India State Trading Corp bought 20,000
tonnes of optional origin soybean oil for May 20/June 20
shipment and 6,000 tonnes of RBD palm olein for April 25/May 25
shipment at its import tender yesterday...Pakistan rejected
offers at its tender for 12,000 tonnes of RBD palm oil, but is
expected to retender next week...The U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) said it has accepted a bid for an export
bonus to cover the sale of 50,000 tonnes of U.S. hard red
winter wehat to Sri Lanka for April 8/16 shipment, with an
additional 10,000 tonnes of wheat still available to Sri Lanka
under the Export Enhancement Program (EEP)...
    (Continued) - The USDA said it has accepted a bid for an
export bonus to cover the sale of 18,000 tonnes of U.S. durum
wheat to Algeria for June 20/30 shipment, with an additional
228,000 tonnes still available to Algeria under the EEP.
    Tenders - Jordan will tender Monday, April 6, for 225,000
tonnes of U.S. hard and soft wheats for various April/Nov
shipments under the EEP.
    Market talk and comment - The USDA said Turkey has been
made eligible for the sale of up to 70,000 tonnes of medium
grain milled rice under the EEP...
    Market talk and comment (continued) - The USDA announced
Colombia has been made eligible for sale of up to 15,000 tonnes
of U.S. barley malt under the EEP...The Canadian Grain
Commission reported Canadian wheat exports in the week ended
March 29 totalled 447,200 tonnes, compared with 277,700 the
previous week, with 1986/87 season exports so far up to
10,228,600 tonnes versus 10,637,500 for the 1985/86 season,
with barley exports 38,800 tonnes, 106,700 tonnes, 4,804,500
and 1,892,600 respectively, rapeseed 43,900 tonnes, 50,700
tonnes, 1,292,600 and 920,000 respectively and flaxseed 20,700
tonnes, 13,600 tonens, 450,900 and 392,600 respectively...
    Market talk and comment (continued) - Pakistan is not
emerging as a major wheat exporter as World market prospects
are not good enough, a government official said...Active
timecharter fixing by Soviet operators to cover USSR grain
imprts featured the ocean freight market this morning, ship
brokers said...Dry cargo futures on the BIFFEX extended
yesterday's strong advance, with sharp gains of 22 to 17 points
in response to rumors of higher rates for grain business from
the U.S. Gulf to Japan, dealers said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13738>
Malaysian and Indonesian palm oil
production is likely to drop sharply this year, due to lower
yields, the Hamburg-based newsletter Oil World said.
    The publication expects total Malaysian output during
Jan/Sept 1987 to decline by eight pct to 3.05 mln tonnes. For
East Malaysia, it put production during the period at 297,000
tonnes after 312,000 a year earlier and for West Malaysia 2.75
mln compared with just over 3.0 mln during Jan/Sept 1986.
    It said new plantings had slowed markedly in both
countries, but the effects of this will not be felt until
1988-90.
    Above normal yields during recent years resulted in trees
reacting to the stress by changing the sex ratio to more male
inflorescences and/or aborting more female, Oil World said.
    Yields per hectare are also likely to be adversely affected
this year by insufficient rain up to 25 months ago. This could
especially affect trees in West Malaysia during April/June,
while in East Malaysia the impact will be in February/April and
July/Dec, and in Indonesia July/Sept.
    Last year's cut in fertilizer use will hit this year's
yields and bigger effects are expected within the next three
years, Oil World said without elaborating.
    Opening stocks in West Malaysia at the start of this year
were put at only 565,000 tonnes compared with 914,000 in
January 1986, Oil World said.
    West Malaysian net exports are therefore expected to drop
500,000 tonnes to 2.54 mln during Jan/Sept, while those of East
Malaysia are likely to decline by 10 pct to 280,000 tonnes.
    Indonesian palm oil production is forecast to fall about
eight pct during Jan/May, but to rise from June on. Overall
Indonesian output during Jan/Sept is forecast to rise three pct
to 933,000 tonnes. Indonesian stocks as of April 1, however,
are put at only 65,000 tonnes compared with 160,000 a year ago.
    Indonesian export commitments and domestic requirements are
both running at high levels, Oil World said, and it expects the
country's imports to reach a record 110,000 tonnes during
Jan/Sept. The bulk of this will arrive during Feb/May, ahead of
the April elections and the religious Ramadan festival
throughout May, it said.
    Indonesian net exports, therefore, may fall by 29 pct to
350,000 tonnes, Oil World said. The possibility that recent
Indonesian palm oil purchases will not actually enter the
country but be transshipped to other countries to fulfill
Indonesia's export orders cannot be ruled out, it said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3499>
Saudi Arabia bought 5,000 tonnes of
refined bleached deodorised palm olein at its import tender
yesterday for April 16/25 shipment at 353 dlrs per tonne cost
and freight Jeddah, traders said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3540>
Lower production of coconut
and palm oils could lead to a decline in vegetable oil stocks
this year despite growing supplies of oilseeds, senior oilseeds
analyst for Merrill Lynch Capital Markets Mario Balletto said.
    Balletto told a conference of Canadian farmers at Alberta
Agriculture's annual farm outlook conference that the world
vegetable oil situation is one of potentially tight supplies.
    "Prices for edible oils appear to have more upside
potential reflecting strong world demand and an unprecedented
decline in the production of tree oils," Balletto said.
    Balletto estimated production of palm, coconut and palm
kernel oils this year at 8.5 mln tonnes, down from 9.1 mln
tonnes last year, enough to offset higher oilseed output.
    He estimated total vegetable oil production this year at
33.4 mln tonnes, up from 33.0 mln last year, and disappearance
at 34.0 mln tonnes, up from 32.6 mln.
    Unless oilseed crushing increases sharply, he said,
disappearance of vegetable oils could exceed production by
600,000 tonnes, the largest deficit since 1976.
    "If world protein meal demand stagnates, thus limiting the
crush of soybeans ... the need for serious supply rationing in
the edible oils sector could develop," he said.
    "This would be relatively favorable for the prices of high
oil yielding seeds," Balletto said.
    Oilseeds, on the other hand, remain at depressed prices
because of burdensome supplies, he said.
    World ending stocks of oilseeds are estimated to increase
for the fourth straight year to a record 28.4 mln tonnes,
compared with 25.4 mln last year.
    The increase should result from lower disappearance, as
production is expected to fall to 184.0 mln tonnes from 185.7
mln last year, he said.
    World soybean production in 1987 totalled a record 98.9 mln
tonnes, up from 90.6 mln the previous year, Balletto said,
while production of other oilseeds was lower.
    Higher soybean production in South America and Europe made
up for lower production in the United States, he said.
    Soybeans account for the bulk of the surplus, and U.S.
stocks make up most of those, Balletto said.
    The Commodity Credit Corporation owned 12.7 mln tonnes,
about half of the world soybean surplus, he said.
    Since 1983-84, he said, world oilseed stocks have increased
13.1 mln tonnes.
    "During the same period, U.S. soybean stocks increased 12.1
mln tonnes, becoming the dumping ground of the entire world
surplus, courtesy of the CCC and highlighting the artificially
high prices caused by the U.S. loan program."
    "Soybean prices and, to a great extent, world oilseeds
prices are likely to be dominated by the loan program, as long
as the U.S. soybean surplus continues.
    For the 1987 crop, he said, prices are likely to hover in a
range tied to the U.S. loan program.
    "Upside potential for prices is limited by the huge supply
overhang while strong underlying support is provided by the
U.S. loan rate."
    The problem is likely to become worse as the artificially
high prices encourage producers in South America, Canada and
Australia to shift from grains to oilseeds, Balletto said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4138>
Pakistan is likely to import 100,000
tonnes of refined, bleached and deodorised palm oil between
April and June this year, vegetable oil dealers said.
    They said the import would be financed by the Islamic
Development Bank (IDB) which signed an agreement with Pakistan
earlier this week in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.
    Pakistan had imported 600,000 tonnes of edible oil since
the beginning of the current financial year last July, they
added. The palm oil would come from Malaysia or Indonesia.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4305>
The Indian State Trading Corp bought
one, or possibly two, 6,000 tonne cargoes of Malaysian refined
bleached deodorised palm olein at its vegetable oil import
tender today for Mar 15/Apr 15 shipment at 355 dlrs per tonne
cif, traders said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4650>
India is to partially cover the cost
of its Malaysian palm oil imports through a countertrade deal
involving the construction of two bridges valued at 20 mln
dlrs, an Indian trade source told Reuters.
    He said Malaysia agreed to the oil-for-bridges deal in
October after India said it could no longer buy some 700,000
tonnes of palm oil a year because of its trade deficit.
    Malaysia has also agreed to barter palm oil for 30 mln dlrs
of hydroelectric equipment and is interested in countertrading
for Indian iron ore, wheat and other goods and services, he
said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4681>
The Indian State Trading Corporation
(STC) bought three cargoes of rbd palm olein at its vegetable
oil import tender yesterday, traders said. Late yesterday the
market was reporting it had bought one to two cargoes.
    The business comprised two 6,000 tonne cargoes for March
15/April 15 shipments at 355 dlrs per tonne cif, and 6,000
tonnes for May at 358 dlrs. The first two cargoes were on a
cash basis and the May position was transacted on a 30 pct
counter-trade basis, traders said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5152>
Indonesia, the world's second largest
producer of palm oil, has not issued licences to import the
commodity, a spokesman for the Ministry of Trade said.
    Traders in London said Indonesia has issued licences to
local operators to import around 135,000 tonnes of palm oil
starting in April, but the spokesman said this was incorrect.
    A spokesman for the Indonesian Importers Association also
denied knowledge of the import plan. He said importers would
quickly know if licences were issued. The Trade Ministry
official said there was no sign of a palm oil shortage in
Indonesia.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5218>
Malaysian crude palm oil (cpo)
production fell to an estimated 270,400 tonnes in February from
an estimated 273,300 tonnes in January and 332,995 in February
1986, the Palm Oil Registration and Licensing Authority (PORLA)
said.
    Cpo stocks fell to an estimated 286,440 tonnes in February
from 287,940 in January and 653,411 in February last year.
    Processed palm oil stocks in February fell to an estimated
193,060 tonnes from 205,060 in January and 225,576 in February
1986.
    The January and February figures are subject to revision.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5292>
Indonesia will build a crude palm oil
terminal at a new port on Batam island, south of Singapore,
Research and Technology Minister Yusuf Habibie said.
    The terminal will be able to handle 2.1 mln tonnes of crude
palm oil from new plantations in northern Sumatra and western
Kalimantan (Borneo), he said.
    A tender for engineering work on the Asia Port project will
be offered mid-year. Habibie did not say when the terminal was
expected to be operational.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5315>
Indonesia has imported palm oil this
year and is likely to take more, trade sources said.
    They were commenting on a weekend Jakarta report quoting a
Ministry of Trade spokesman as saying Indonesia had not issued
licences to import the commodity. He also said there was no
sign of a shortage of palm oil in Indonesia.
    A major palm oil dealer said he shipped Malaysian palm oil
to Indonesia in February, additional vessels were loading this
month and other vessels had been earmarked for April.
    Other operators claimed they had palm oil booked for
Indonesia but would not disclose tonnages.
    Traders said palm oil production in Indonesia this year had
been below expectations and current stocks were low. They said
licences were issued at the start of the year to import crude
palm oil but were subsequently revised to include RBD olein and
RBD oil.
    Last week there were rumours in European markets that
Indonesia had issued licences to import around 135,000 tonnes
of palm oil for deliveries commencing April. An Indonesian
Ministry of Trade official said this was incorrect.
    Some traders here said the total could be more. Others said
they could include those issued earlier this year and
applications not yet granted.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6344>
Indonesia has issued licences to
traders to import palm oil to avert a possible shortage of
cooking oil during the Moslem fasting month of Ramadan in May,
Trade Minister Rachmat Saleh told Reuters.
    "We have given permission for a small amount of imports to
prevent a shortage during Ramadan," he said. He gave no figures
for the amount of palm oil to be imported, but said it would
come from Malaysia.
    Indonesia, the world's second largest palm oil producer,
earlier denied it had granted palm oil import licences.
    Saleh was replying to a question from Reuters after traders
in London said Indonesia had issued licences to import around
135,000 tonnes of palm oil for delivery in April.
    Indonesia, with 168 mln people, is the world's largest
Moslem country. During Ramadan Moslems fast during the day and
have large meals after sunset.
    Indonesian crude palm oil exports in the first 11 months of
1986 were 469,100 tonnes, according to central bank figures,
against 652,000 tonnes in the whole of calendar 1985.
    Indonesia is expanding palm oil output, and Saleh did not
explain why there might be a shortage during Ramadan.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6354>
Malaysian palm kernel output fell
to an estimated 80,500 tonnes in February from a revised 83,231
(originally 83,700) in January and 98,393 in February 1986, the
Palm Oil Registration and Licensing Authority said.
    Palm kernel stocks dropped to an estimated 45,870 tonnes in
February from a revised 55,693 (65,100) in January and 85,595
in February last year, it said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6535>
Pakistan and Sweden have signed a
commodity exchange agreement for 88 mln dlrs each way, the
Pakistan government announced.
    Pakistan's exports under the agreement will include raw
cotton, cotton products, cotton textiles, steel products,
molasses, naphtha and fresh and dried fruits.
    Swedish exports to Pakistan will include medical and
laboratory equipment, electrical telecommunication equipment,
diesel engine spares, mining and security equipment,
road-building and construction machinery, fertilisers and palm
oil.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6954>
Indonesia cannot spend its way out of
recession and has very limited economic options due to lower
world oil prices, Central Bank governor Arifin Siregar was
quoted as saying by the official Antara news agency.
    "If Indonesia spurs its economic growth too much, such as
through expansionary monetary and budgetary policies, it might
create negative effects not only on price increases, but also
on the balance of payments," he told bankers and businessmen in
the North Sumatran city of Medan.
    Antara quoted him as saying Indonesia is relying on its
export drive to help narrow its trade deficit.
    Antara reported that Siregar said the government wanted to
help boost exports from the rubber and palm oil industries,
which are centered in Sumatra.
    "I see Sumatra has great potential, as in the plantation
sector in which family units are employed in great number," he
said, according to the agency.
    Indonesia relied on oil and gas exports for 70 pct of its
export revenue until last year's fall in crude prices.
    It has projected its current account deficit will widen to
over four billion dlrs in the current financial year ending
March 31 from 1.8 billion in 1985/86.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8149>
Indonesia's non-oil and gas exports
fell to 5.79 billion dlrs in calendar 1986 from 5.98 billion in
1985, according to Bank Indonesia figures.
    Coffee exports rose to 753 mln dlrs from 580 mln in 1985,
but rubber shipments fell to 625 mln from 720 mln and tin to
180.6 mln from 246 mln, weekly central bank figures show.
    Indonesia hopes to boost its non-oil exports to make up for
oil revenue lost because of lower prices. But the lower value
of commodities such as timber, rubber, palm oil and tea on
world markets has prevented this, despite a 31 pct devaluation
of the rupiah against the dollar in September.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8159>
The Indian State Trading Corporation
(STC) bought four cargoes of rbd palm olein totalling 24,000
tonnes at its vegetable oil import tender last week, traders
said. Market reports on Friday said the STC had booked two
cargoes.
    The business comprised three 6,000 tonne cargoes for June
at 346 dlrs and 6,000 tonnes for July at 340 dlrs per tonne
cif.
    It also secured a 20,000 tonne cargo of optional origin
rapeseed oil for May 15/Jun 15 shipment at 321 dlrs cif.
 REUTER
</BODY>
