<BODY DOCID=829>
The New York Mercantile Exchange expects
to submit a propane futures contract for federal regulatory
approval within a few days, according to an exchange
spokeswoman.
    As previously announced, the Board of Governors of the
exchange approved the contract last month. The exchange will
now submit the contract to the Commodity Futures Trading
Commission, according to the spokeswoman.
    Contract specifications will resemble those of heating oil
and gasoline futures. The contract size will be 1,000 barrels,
or 42,000 U.S. gallons.
    The minimum price fluctuation for the propane futures
contract will be  0.01 cent per gallon, or 4.20 dlrs a barrel,
according to the exchange.
    The maximum daily price limit will be two cts a gallon on
all contracts except spot. Trading will terminate on the last
business day of the month preceding the delivery month.
    The exchange said delivery will be F.O.B from the seller's
pipeline, storage, or fractionation facility in Mont Belvieu,
Texas, which has a direct pipeline access to the Texas Eastern
Transmission Pipeline (TET) in Mont Beliview.
    Delivery method will be by in-line or in-well transfer,
inter-facility transfer or pumpover, or book transfer and
cannot be done earlier than the tenth calendar day of the
delivery month, according to the exchange. Deliveries must be
completed no later than two business days prior to the end of
the delivery month.
    Buyers taking delivery of the propane must pay the seller
by certified check and the deadline for payment is 1200 EST
(noon) of the second business day following receipt of the
propane.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10567>
Consumer energy costs rose 1.9 pct
in February following a sharp rise last month, the Labor
Department said.
    The February increase in the overall energy costs,
including petroleum, coal and natural gas, followed a 0.2 pct
drop in December and a 3.0 pct rise in January, it said.
    Energy prices were 12.2 pct below year-ago levels.
    The department's Consumer Price Index showed that the cost
of gasoline rose in February by 4.2 pct, after a 6.6 pct rise
in January.
    Gasoline prices were nonetheless 18.0 pct below their
levels as of February 1986.
    Also, the category including fuel oil, coal and bottled gas
rose in February by 3.8 pct, putting it 14.9 pct under the
year-ago figure.
    The index also showed that natural gas and electricity were
unchanged last month, but down 3.5 pct from the February 1986
figure, the department said.
    The index has been updated  o reflect 1982-84 consumption
patterns; previously, the index was based on 1972-73 patterns.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13130>
International LPG prices were mixed in
the past week, with North Sea prices easier while prices in the
Mediterranean and the Gulf were up in April, traders said.
    In the North Sea market, small cargoes of propane were sold
as high as 126 dlrs per tonne on the f.o.b. basis early in the
week, but prices eased after the majors posted their April
contract prices, traders said.
    British Petroleum plc &lt;BP> left propane unchanged at 110
dlrs and raised butane prices 5.50 dlrs to 123 dlrs, Shell, a
unit of Royal Dutch/Shell Group &lt;RD> &lt;ST> raised propane three
dlrs to 113 and butane 5.50 dlrs to 123 dlrs, they said.
    In the Mediterranean, prices firm in Lavera as Algerian
supplies were not always available. Spot propane was unchanged,
while butane rose about 25 dlrs from last week, traders said.
    They said, however, the Mediterranean butane market was
very thin, making it subject to wide price swings.
    In the Gulf, strong demand from the Far East pushed premium
on small cargoes five to 10 dlrs above government selling price
(gsp) for propane and 10 dlrs for butane, traders said. 
    The rising premium over gsp, however, was partially offset
by about 10 pct decline in shipping, making prices for propane
about unchanged and butane five dlrs higher, basis c. and f.
Japan, the traders said.
SPOT.(DLRS/TONNE)......PROPANE..............BUTANE...........
NORTH SEA (FOB)........113/117..............125/130..........
NORTH SEA (CIF)........120/125..............135/140..........
MEDITERRANEAN.(CIF)....140/145..............175/180..........
THE GULF (FOB).........130/135..............140/145..........
JAPAN (C AND F)........155/160..............160/165..........
OFFICIAL PRICES-FOB..........................................
SAUDI ARABIA (3/1)........125.................125............
ALGERIA......(3/1)........120.................130............
BP/POSTED PRICE.(4/1).....110.................123.00.........
SHELL/POSTED PRICE.(4/1)..113.................123.00.........
 Reuter
</BODY>
