<BODY DOCID=313>
and oil-bearing
raw materials, fats and oils rose to 2.16 mln tonnes on a
fat/oil basis in 1986 from 2.12 mln tonnes in 1985, the
Commodity Board for Margarine, Fats and Oils said.
    Exports of the same commodities fell to 1.35 mln tonnes
from 1.38 mln on a fat-oil basis.
    Fat- and oil-bearing raw materials imports rose to 760,000
from 709,200 tonnes on a fat/oil basis and to 3.47 mln tonnes
actual weight from 3.32 mln.
    Soyabeans were the main component, with imports rising to
2.82 mln tonnes actual weight from 2.75 mln. Sunflowerseed
imports fell to 308,200 from 342,900 tonnes while rapeseed
imports rose to 292,000 from 201,400 tonnes.
    Exports of fat- and oil-bearing raw materials rose to
28,700 tonnes from 19,800 on a fat/oil basis and to 137,200
from 89,900 tonnes actual weight.
    Soyabean exports rose to 119,400 tonnes actual weight from
73,200 tonnes.
    Imports of vegetable fats, including palm oil, rose to
445,400 tonnes from 362,500 and exports to 151,500 from
139,800.
    Vegetable oil imports fell to 227,500 tonnes in 1986 from
286,300 in 1985, and exports to 661,400 from 683,400 tonnes.
    Soyabean oil imports were 32,000 (48,200), sunflower oil
61,600 (92,800), rape oil 82,900 (94,900) and groundnut oil
9,300 (12,200). Exports of soybean oil were 325,900 (338,800),
sun oil 172,100 (189,800), rape oil 114,300 (103,400) and
groundnut oil 7,000 (10,400).
    Animal fat imports rose to 371,700 from 345,800 tonnes and
exports to 124,100 tonnes from 113,000. Fishoil imports fell to
190,600 from 265,600 and exports to 56,500 from 85,500 tonnes.
 reuter...
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=327>
Dutch animal feed usage in the first
half of the current season from July through December 1986 fell
7.6 pct to 6.5 mln tonnes from 7.1 mln in the same period of
1985, figures in the latest newsletter from the co-operative
Cebeco-Handelsraad show.
    Tapioca usage fell 9.1 pct to 1.4 mln tonnes from 1.6 mln
in the first half of the 1985/86 season.
    Grain usage fell 6.1 pct to 1.1 mln tonnes from 1.2 mln,
while soymeal usage fell 10 pct to 967,000 tonnes from 1.1 mln.
    Cornglutenfeed usage fell 17.8 pct to 729,000 tonnes from
887,000, but cornfeedmeal usage nearly doubled to 399,000
tonnes from 201,000.
    Citruspulp usage dropped 62.8 pct to 149,000 tonnes from
400,000 tonnes, while rapeseed and meal usage rose 9.6 pct to
217,000 tonnes from 198,000 and sunmeal rose 25.6 pct to
216,000 tonnes from 172,000 tonnes.
    During the whole of the season from July 1985 to June 1986,
Dutch soymeal usage fell 12 pct to 1.9 mln tonnes from 2.1 mln
the previous season, while sunmeal usage rose 25 pct to 408,000
tonnes from 325,000.
    Rapeseed and meal usage during the season also rose 14 pct
to 409,000 tonnes from 360,000, but citruspulp fell 37 pct to
516,000 tonnes from 826,000.
    Meanwhile, the value of exports of agricultural products
from the Netherlands in calendar 1986 fell 5.4 pct to 48.7
billion guilders from 51.5 billion in calendar 1985, figures
from the Ministry of Agriculture show.
    During the same period imports of agricultural products
dropped 13.1 pct to 31.2 billion guilders from 35.8 billion.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1151>
Japan bought 5,000 tonnes of Canadian
rapeseed overnight at an undisclosed price for April shipment,
trade sources said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10758>
Algeria will tender on April 3 for
20,000 tonnes of optional origin sunflowerseed oil/rapeseed oil
for Apr/May loading, traders said.
    Meanwhile, the market is awaiting results of an Algerian
import tender which took place over the weekend for about
10,000 tonnes of refined vegetable oils in drums, traders
added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11052>
Japanese crushers bought 2,000 tonnes
of Canadian rapeseed in export business overnight for May
shipment, trade sources said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11885>
French cereals exports through Rouen port
rose to 751,563 tonnes between March 1 and March 25 from
603,413 tonnes in the same 1986 period, freight sources said.
    The Soviet Union took 263,051 tonnes of wheat and barley,
Saudi Arabia 90,944 tonnes barley, China 87,259 wheat, Algeria
64,896 wheat, Bangladesh 30,000 wheat, Morocco 27,500 maize,
Greece 26,700 wheat and barley, Spain 25,124 wheat, Poland
24,683 wheat, Brazil 24,082 wheat, Italy 21,659 wheat, Cyprus
20,700 wheat and maize, Israel 16,500 maize and the U.K. 8,797
tonnes wheat.
    Six ships are loading 120,000 tonnes of wheat, the sources
said. They include 30,000 tonnes for China, 31,000 for the
Soviet Union, 25,000 for Turkey, and 35,000 for Italy. Another
ship is loading 17,000 tonnes of colza for the Soviet Union.
    Another 12 ships should arrive to load 344,000 tonnes of
cereals by the end of the week. Six are to load 186,000 tonnes
of wheat for the Soviet Union. Two will load 60,000 tonnes of
barley for Saudi Arabia, one 28,000 tonnes of wheat for China,
two 25,000 tonnes of wheat each for Algeria and Turkey and one
20,000 tonnes of wheat for Italy. Another is expected to load
20,000 tonnes of colza for the Soviet Union.
    Flour exports through Rouen rose to 23,457 tonnes in the 25
day period from 5,500 in the equivalent 1986 period, the
sources said.
    Sudan took 19,327 tonnes and west coast Africa 4,130.
    Four ships are currently loading 32,000 tonnes, including
24,000 for Egypt, 6,000 for Tanzania and 2,000 for Mauritania.
    A ship is expected later this week to load 12,000 tonnes
for China.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12076>
Japanese crushers bought 5,000 to 6,000
tonnes of Canadian rapeseed for May shipment in export business
overnight, trade sources said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12254>
Argentine subproducts shipments
during January/December 1986 totalled 5,618,315 tonnes, against
4,815,188 tonnes in the same period of 1985, the Argentine
Grain Board said.
    Breakdown was as follows: cotton 26,992 (41,933), sunflower
1,403,230 (1,190,862), linseed 261,600 (309,191), groundnutseed
23,595 (22,809), soybean 3,275,225 (2,415,492), bran/pollards
wheat 606,352 (659,271), fiber cotton 3,256 (107,752), wheat
flour 18,065 (67,878), rape nil (nil), the board added.
    Shipments during December 1986 amounted to 418,755 tonnes,
against 257,844 tonnes in the same month of 1985.
    The breakdown, was as follows, in tonnes:
    Cotton 3,002 (6,234), sunflower 86,612 (38,347), linseed
23,954 (38,290), groundnutseed nil (nil), soybean 264,650
(104,571), bran/polards wheat 37,724 (49,946), fiber cotton 987
(2,121), wheat flour 1,826 (18,335), rapeseed nil (nil), the
board said.
    The ten principal destinations during January/December
1986, with comparative figures for the same period of 1985 in
brackets, were as follows, in tonnes:
    Holland 2,444,260 (2,234,049), Belgium 546,423 (595,635),
Italy 430,029 (338,766), Czechoslovakia 365,897 (236,836), Cuba
253,067 (222,842), Iran 250,646 (192,430), West Germany
232,049) (158,491), Bulgaria 207,030 (300,488), Spain and
Canary Islands 176,287 (113,751), Corea 163,304 (37,416), the
board added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12982>
Japanese crushers bought 4,000 to 5,000
tonnes of Canadian rapeseed in export business overnight for
May shipment, trade sources said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13179>
Grain and oilseed complex export
business reported since yesterday by government agencies and
private exporters -
    Japanese crushers bought 4,000 to 5,000 tonnes of Canadian
rapeseed in export business overnight for May shipment...Greece
has agreed to buy 27,000 to 33,000 tonnes of Spanish corn for
spot shipment, with Italy buying 6,000 to 7,000 tonnes of
Spanish corn for last/half April shipment, a spokesman for
cargill's spanish unit said...Taiwan bought 54,000 tonnes of
U.S. soybeans for April 20/May 5 delivery C and F...
    (Continued) - The India State Trading Corp bought 20,000
tonnes of optional origin soybean oil for May 20/June 20
shipment and 6,000 tonnes of RBD palm olein for April 25/May 25
shipment at its import tender yesterday...Pakistan rejected
offers at its tender for 12,000 tonnes of RBD palm oil, but is
expected to retender next week...The U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) said it has accepted a bid for an export
bonus to cover the sale of 50,000 tonnes of U.S. hard red
winter wehat to Sri Lanka for April 8/16 shipment, with an
additional 10,000 tonnes of wheat still available to Sri Lanka
under the Export Enhancement Program (EEP)...
    (Continued) - The USDA said it has accepted a bid for an
export bonus to cover the sale of 18,000 tonnes of U.S. durum
wheat to Algeria for June 20/30 shipment, with an additional
228,000 tonnes still available to Algeria under the EEP.
    Tenders - Jordan will tender Monday, April 6, for 225,000
tonnes of U.S. hard and soft wheats for various April/Nov
shipments under the EEP.
    Market talk and comment - The USDA said Turkey has been
made eligible for the sale of up to 70,000 tonnes of medium
grain milled rice under the EEP...
    Market talk and comment (continued) - The USDA announced
Colombia has been made eligible for sale of up to 15,000 tonnes
of U.S. barley malt under the EEP...The Canadian Grain
Commission reported Canadian wheat exports in the week ended
March 29 totalled 447,200 tonnes, compared with 277,700 the
previous week, with 1986/87 season exports so far up to
10,228,600 tonnes versus 10,637,500 for the 1985/86 season,
with barley exports 38,800 tonnes, 106,700 tonnes, 4,804,500
and 1,892,600 respectively, rapeseed 43,900 tonnes, 50,700
tonnes, 1,292,600 and 920,000 respectively and flaxseed 20,700
tonnes, 13,600 tonens, 450,900 and 392,600 respectively...
    Market talk and comment (continued) - Pakistan is not
emerging as a major wheat exporter as World market prospects
are not good enough, a government official said...Active
timecharter fixing by Soviet operators to cover USSR grain
imprts featured the ocean freight market this morning, ship
brokers said...Dry cargo futures on the BIFFEX extended
yesterday's strong advance, with sharp gains of 22 to 17 points
in response to rumors of higher rates for grain business from
the U.S. Gulf to Japan, dealers said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13313>
Wheat and rapeseed crops in east China
suffered considerable damage because of frost during a spell of
unusually cold weather in late March, the China Daily said.
    It said average temperatures for the last 10 days of March
in most of east China were three to five degrees centigrade
below average. Snow fell in Jiangsu, Anhui, Hubei and Henan,
making early rice sowing difficult.
    Heavy snow blanketted central and south Jilin and north
Liaoning, leaving farmland too muddy for spring ploughing and
sowing, the paper said.
    The paper said rainfall during the last 10 days of March in
areas south of the Yangtze had been much higher than normal.
    Heavy rain fell last Sunday in parts of Guangdong, ending a
particularly arid dry season and marking the start of the flood
season, it said. It gave no further details.
    The New China News Agency said rain and snow in Henan had
improved the prospects for wheat, sown on 4.8 mln hectares, and
caused a drop in grain prices at rural fairs since late
February. It gave no 1986 figures for comparison.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14603>
Japanese crushers bought 5,000 tonnes
of Canadian rapeseed in export business overnight for late
May/early June shipment, trade sources said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2172>
French cereal exports through the port of
Rouen fell 6.4 pct to 725,023 tonnes during the period February
1 to 25, from 774,704 for the period February 1 to 26 last
year, trade sources said.
    Main destinations were Saudi Arabia with 158,109 tonnes of
barley, the Soviet Union 147,214 of wheat, Italy 104,704 of
wheat, Spain 91,381 of wheat and maize, China 52,500 of wheat
and Algeria 41,000 of wheat.
    Between February 26 and today, five ships have loaded
137,000 tonnes of cereals, the sources added.
    The 137,000 tonnes comprised 59,500 tonnes of wheat for
China, 53,000 of wheat for the Soviet Union and 24,500 of wheat
for Algeria.
    By this Friday, sources estimated a further 233,600 tonnes
of cereals will have been loaded, comprising 47,000 tonnes of
barley, 78,600 of wheat and 25,000 of rapeseed for the Soviet
Union, 30,000 of wheat for Sri Lanka, 28,000 of wheat for China
and 25,000 of wheat for Poland.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3206>
Japanese crushers bought 5,000 to 7,000
tonnes of Canadian rapeseed in export business over the weekend
for April shipment, trade sources said.
    Japanese crushers continue to concentrate on rapeseed
purchases since it converts to a higher percentage of oil than
other oilseeds, they said. A glut of feed meals makes other
oilseeds, such as soybeans, less desirable because they would
add to already large meal stocks.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4040>
The yield on 46,000 hectares (ha) of
rapeseed in central China will be cut by up to 70 pct by
hailstorms and tornadoes that swept across nearly 100,000 ha of
crops on March 6, the New China News Agency said today.
    The storm, which lashed the Huai and Yangtze rivers and
eastern Anhui province, left two people dead and 800 others
injured. Some 800 houses were flattened and 19 boats sunk, it
said.
    The Anhui provincial government has sent emergency relief
to the 19 counties affected, the news agency said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4083>
France's Oilseed and Bean Cooperatives
Federation, FFCOP, said it expected French rapeseed sowings for
the 1987 harvest to rise by between 54.6 pct and 67.5 pct to
between 600,000 and 650,000 hectares from 388,000 planted last
year.
    Its latest estimates also suggested a 66.7 pct rise in
soybean sowings to 80,000 ha from 48,000 last year. Sunflower
sowings were expected to increase by between 8.6 pct and 14.6
pct from 829,000 ha. Pea sowings are estimated likely to rise
27.7 pct to 350,000 ha against 274,000, while field bean
sowings are forecast unchanged at 40,000.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4512>
Japanese crushers bought 8,000 tonnes
of Canadian rapeseed in export business overnight for April
shipment, trade sources said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8213>
Winter kill has probably affected West
German winter barley and rapeseed to an above average degree
this season, West German grain trader Alfred C. Toepfer said in
its latest report.
    It is too soon to assess the extent of the damage, but it
is likely that northern West German crops are particularly at
risk because of insufficient snow cover, it said.
    The soil needs to warm up rapidly and moisture content must
improve to avoid further delays to spring field work, it added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
