<BODY DOCID=48>
New Zealand's official foreign
reserves fell to 7.15 billion N.Z. Dlrs in January from 7.20
billion dlrs in December and compared with 3.03 billion a year
ago period, the Reserve Bank said in its weekly statistical
bulletin.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=284>
Japan's external reserves rose to a record
51.73 billion dlrs at the end of February from the previous
record of 51.46 billion at end-January, the Finance Ministry
said.
    End-February reserves last year were 27.58 billion dlrs.
    In January, the nation's foreign reserves showed the
largest-ever monthly increase at 9.22 billion dlrs due to
massive Bank of Japan dollar buying intervention during the
month as the dollar fell briefly to an all-time low of 149.98
yen on January 19, foreign exchange dealers said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=323>
State-owned (Taiwan Power co) will boost
its domestic borrowings to further cut its foreign debt in line
with a government policy to trim the island's huge foreign
exchange reserves, a company official said.
    The company's foreign debt, mainly from the Japanese and
U.S. Banks, was cut nearly by half to 66.2 billion taiwan dlrs
equivalent in calendar 1986 from 124.6 billion in 1985, he
said.
    Its domestic borrowings however rose to 105.2 billion
taiwan dlrs from 80.6 billion in the same period, he added.
    Taiwan's foreign exchange reserves now stood at 50 billion
U.S. Dlrs, due to its 1986 record trade surplus of 15.6
billion.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=416>
Sight deposits by commercial banks at the
Swiss National Bank rose by 3.10 billion Swiss francs to 10.53
billion in the last 10 days of February, the National Bank
said.
    Foreign exchange reserves fell 3.06 billion francs to 30.64
billion.
    Sight deposits are an important measure of Swiss money
market liquidity.
    The decline in foreign exchange reserves reflected the
dismantling of swap arrangements, the National Bank said.
    Banknotes in circulation rose by 834 mln francs to 24.79
billion while other deposits on call - mainly government funds
- fell 1.60 billion francs to 1.04 billion.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=896>
Thailand's improving economy will likely
cause foreign reserves to increase to at least five billion
dlrs by end-1987 from a record of nearly 4.2 billion at
end-February, private bankers said.
    Bank of Thailand statistics show foreign reserves rose to
3.95 billion at end-January from 3.03 billion a year earlier.
    Nimit Nonthapanthawat, chief economist at the &lt;Bangkok Bank
Ltd>, said Thailand's strong export performance, its relatively
high interest rates, foreign participation in its stock market,
and growing foreign investment, especially from Japan,
contributed to the projected sharp rise.
    Thai exports rose 19.4 pct in 1986 and are expected to
expand another 15 pct this year, bankers said.
    A U.S. Embassy report said last month Thailand could
achieve five pct real gross domestic product growth in 1987, up
from a projection of 3.8 pct for 1986 and 3.7 pct in 1985.
    Nonthapanthawat said if economic growth continues at its
current pace and oil prices and major currencies remain stable
the five billion 1987 reserves target can easily be reached.
    Thailand calculates foreign reserves to include gold,
special drawing rights and convertible currencies. The target
is equivalent to five-and-a-half months' worth of imports.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=937>
Britain's gold and currency reserves
showed an underlying rise of 287 mln dlrs in February, after a
72 mln dlrs rise in January, the Treasury said.
    The underlying trend, which is a guide to Bank of England
operations to support the pound on foreign exchanges, is net of
borrowings and repayments.
    This was above market expectations for a 100 mln dlrs rise.
    The Treasury said the Bank of England used the opportunity
of strong demand to rebuild reserves after losses last autumn
and said the underlying rise was still relatively modest.
    Actual reserves rose by 305 mln dlrs in February to 22.26
billion dlrs, after rising 29 mln in January to 21.95 billion.
    Accruals of borrowings under the exchange cover scheme were
36 mln dlrs last month, after 163 mln in January, while
repayments were 16 mln dlrs after the previous 151 mln, a
Treasury spokesman said.
    Capital repayments totalled two mln dlrs. In January,
capital repayments totalled 14 mln dlrs, with a valuation
change that resulted in a fall of 41 mln dlrs due to the
quarterly rollover from the European Monetary Cooperation Fund
swap.
    The Treasury would not comment on the Bank of England's
market operations, but currency traders reported moderate Bank
of England intervention to curb upward pressure on the pound
today.
    A Treasury spokesman, commenting on the reserves figures,
said that the government does not want sterling either to rise
too far or to fall substantially from current levels.
    He noted that the Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson
stressed this after the recent Paris currencies meeting.
    REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1174>
Denmark's net official reserves rose
to 36.34 billion crowns in February from 28.00 billion in
January, against a revised 45.85 billion in February 1986, the
central bank said in its monthly balance sheet report.
    Total net reserves, including reserves held by commercial
and major savings banks, rose to 38.26 billion crowns from
30.11 billion in January compared with a revised 35.99 billion
in February last year.
    The bank said provisional figures showed net registered
private and public capital imports of 10.3 billion crowns in
February.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1773>
South Africa's total gold and
foreign assets rose by 700 mln rand in February to 6.2 billion
rand after rising by almost one billion rand in January,
Reserve Bank Governor Gerhard de Kock said.
    De Kock, interviewed on state-run television, gave no
breakdown of the reserves.
    He also said that to curb inflation, salary increases would
have to be below the inflation rate. The state must set an
example by keeping wage increases below the inflation rate, he
said.
    Consumer prices rose by 16.1 pct in the year to January.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1885>
South Africa's total gold and
foreign assets rose by 700 mln rand in February to 6.2 billion
rand after rising by almost one billion rand in January,
Reserve Bank Governor Gerhard de Kock said.
    De Kock, interviewed on state-run television, gave no
breakdown of the reserves.
    He also said that to curb inflation, salary increases would
have to be below the inflation rate. The state must set an
example by keeping wage increases below the inflation rate, he
said.
    Consumer prices rose by 16.1 pct in the year to January.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1913>
Pakistan's foreign exchange reserves
fell to 8.43 billion rupees in February from 8.96 billion in
January, compared with 12.97 billion in February 1986, the
State Bank of Pakistan said.
    The bank gave no reason for the fall but local bankers said
big import bills had affected the reserves.
    The Federal Bureau of Statistics has not yet released last
month's import and export figures.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1940>
Taiwan's foreign exchange reserves hit a
new high of more than 51 billion U.S. Dlrs on March 4, compared
with 50 billion in mid-February and 25.1 billion a year
earlier, the central bank said.
    Bank governor Chang Chi-Cheng told reporters the increase
came mainly from the bank's purchases of more than one billion
U.S. Dlrs on the local interbank market between February 18 and
March 4.
    He said the rise showed signs of slowing, however, because
Taiwan has liberalised import policy and expects its trade
surplus to decline over the next few months as a result.
    Chang declined to predict how high the reserves might rise,
but local economists have forecast they will hit 60 billion
U.S. Dlrs by the end of 1987.
    In January, Taiwan reduced import tariffs of up to 50 pct
on some 1,700 foreign products. It had been under growing U.S.
Pressure to cut its 1986 record 13.6 billion dlr trade surplus
with the U.S. Taiwan's 1985 surplus with the U.S. Was 10.2
billion, according to official statistics.
    Wang Chang-Ming, Vice Chairman of the Council for Economic
Planning and Development, told Reuters the government is
planning another round of deep tariff cuts in the second half
of this year.
    The reserves could support imports of more than two years
for Taiwan, compared with about three months for Japan and the
U.S.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10262>
New Zealand's official foreign
reserves fell slightly to 7.13 billion N.Z. Dlrs in February
from 7.15 billion in January but were sharply above 2.85
billion in February 1986, the Reserve Bank said in its weekly
statistical release.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10531>
The South African Reserve Bank,
confirming previous estimates, said real gross domestic product
in the 1986 fourth quarter grew at a seasonally adjusted annual
rate of 4.7 pct versus 4.6 pct in the third quarter and 1.3 pct
in the 1985 final quarter.
    The bank, in its latest quarterly review, said the nominal
growth rate for the year did not quite reach one pct after a
1.5 pct contraction in 1985.
    But it said when the strengthening of the terms of trade is
taken into account, the real GNP in 1986 advanced by 1.5 pct
compared with a decrease of 0.5 pct in 1985.
    GDP is the total value of goods and services produced by an
economy but omits income from abroad.  GNP includes such
payments or outflows.
    The bank also said there were indications the country's
economic recovery was becoming more broadly based.
    With the exception of commerce all major sectors of the
economy contributed to the fourth quarter rise in domestic
production.
    The bank said major increases in foreign reserves were
recorded in January, February and the first half of March 1987.
Reserves rose by 1.70 billion rand during January and February.
    Total reserves in 1986 declined by 189 mln rand to 5.70
billion rand and were equivalent to about 14.5 pct of the total
annual value of import payments.
    The current account surplus amounted to 7.20 billion rand
in 1986 versus 5.90 mln the previous year.
    The bank said continuing strength of the current account
has allowed foreign reserves to be "rebuilt to more comfortable
levels."
    "This has strengthened the authorities' hands in lending
support to the exchange rate of the rand if such action were to
be called for," the bank said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10634>
China's foreign exchange reserves are
more than 10 billion dlrs, enough to cover import payments for
three to four months, Vice Premier Tian Jiyun said.
    He told a news conference that China also has considerable
reserves of gold. He gave no figure.
    The last published figure for foreign exchange reserves was
10.37 billion dlrs at end-September 1986, down from 10.47
billion at end-June and 12.59 billion at end-September 1985.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12416>
Taiwan said its foreign reserves suffered
about 3.4 billion U.S. Dlrs in exchange rate losses from July
1986 to February 1987 as a result of the rise of the Taiwan
dollar against the U.S. Currency.
    Yu Chien-ming, head of the government statistics
department, told parliament yesterday he expected the losses to
increase as the Taiwan dollar continues to strengthen.
    The Taiwan dollar, which opened at 34.24 to the U.S. Dollar
today, has risen about 16 pct against the U.S. Unit since
September 1985. Some bankers expect it to rise to 33 by June
and to 32 by the end of this year.
    Taiwan's foreign exchange reserves now total 53 billion
dlrs. At end-February they were 52.1 billion dlrs, the world's
third largest after West Germany and Japan.
    Yu said the interest earned from the reserves totalled
about 1.68 billion U.S. Dlrs from July 1986 to February 1987.
The reserves are managed by the central bank and deposited at
about 170 leading banks in the U.S., Japan, Britain, Canada and
Singapore.
    About 75 pct of the reserves are in the form of cash,
mostly in U.S. Dollars. The rest are in government treasury
bills, certificates of deposit and bonds.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12435>
Britain's gold and currency reserves
showed an underlying rise of 1.785 billion dlrs in March after
a 287 mln dlr rise in January, the Treasury said.
    This was considerably above market expectations for a 650
mln dlr rise.
    The underlying trend, which is a guide to Bank of England
operations to support the pound on foreign exchanges, is net of
borrowings and repayments.
    The Treasury declined comment on the figures. Last month it
said the Bank of England took the opportunity of strong demand
to rebuild reserves after losses last autumn.
    Actual reserves rose by 1.89 billion dlrs, after rising 305
mln in February, to 22.26 billion. Total reserves were revalued
to 27.04 billion dlrs, but would have totalled 24.15 billion
under the previous valuation, the Treasury said. Gold reserves
were revalued by 895 mln dlrs, while SDRs, ECU and convertible
currency holdings were revalued by 1.995 billion.
    Accruals of borrowings under the exchange cover scheme were
361 mln dlrs last month, after 36 mln in February. Repayments
were 240 mln dlrs after the previous 16 mln. Capital repayments
totalled 14 mln dlrs, after February's two mln dlrs repayment.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12480>
Weekly figures published by the Bank of
France showed its gross foreign assets rose by about two
billion francs last week, when it was reported by banks to have
intervened on the foreign exchange markets to support the
dollar against the yen.
    The figures showed its gold, foreign currency and other
external assets rose to 415.1 billion francs from 413 billion,
mainly reflecting a rise to 116.7 billion from 114.7 billion in
foreign exchange holdings.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12801>
West German net currency reserves rose
by 200 mln marks in the fourth week of March to 82.2 billion,
following a rise of 300 mln marks in the previous week, the
Bundesbank said.
    Non-currency reserves were unchanged at about 2.5 billion
marks, bringing net monetary reserves to 84.7 billion.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12829>
Canadian foreign reserve holdings rose
1.23 billion U.S. dlrs in March to 7.77 billion dlrs, the
Finance Department said.
    The department said the change from February included a
decrease of 258.1 mln dlrs from the repayment, at maturity, of
a 1982 Swiss Franc 400 mln issue.
    Also included was also a 112.8 mln dlr decline from a net
redemption of Canada bills. The par value of bills outstanding
was 800.7 mln dlrs at March 31.
    This month's reserves were 4.49 billion dlrs above March,
1986's total of 3.28 billion dlrs.
    Reserve holdings in U.S. dlrs at end of March versus end of
February were as follows.
    - U.S. dlrs 5.98 billion vs 4.47 billion,
    - other foreign currencies 37.1 mln vs 319.9 mln,
    - gold 874.0 mln vs 864.1 mln
    - special drawing rights 191.8 mln vs 188.6 mln,
    - IMF Reserves 689.7 mln vs 705.7 mln.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12875>
The Bundesbank's gross currency
reserves rose 300 mln marks in the last week of March to 104.9
billion marks, the Bundesbank said in a statement.
    At the same time its foreign liabilities rose 100 mln to
22.8 billion, producing a rise in net reserves of 200 mln to
82.2 billion on March 31.
    The Bundesbank provided banks with liquidity in the fourth
March week by disbursing funds in the money market via
government-owned banks. Banks took up the Bundesbank's standing
offer of treasury bills to place excess liquidity.
    Banks received more liquidity through routine month-end
payments by public authorities as well as expansionary market
factors than was lost through the 2.3 billion mark rise in cash
in circulation to 122.3 billion, the Bundesbank said.
    But banks had to draw heavily on the Lombard emergency
financing facility due to month-end tightness, borrowing 5.3
billion marks.
    Overall, banks' holdings at the Bundesbank rose 10.2
billion marks to 58.5 billion at the end of the month,
averaging 50.9 billion in the whole of March.
    The minimum reserve requirement for March, before deduction
of banks' cash holdings, was set at 61 billion marks.
    Public authorities' net holdings at the Bundesbank fell to
2.2 billion marks in the last March week from 4.4 billion the
week before. The federal states' holdings fell 2.6 billion to
2.4 billion.
    The federal government's holdings rose 700 mln marks to 5.1
billion.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13255>
China's foreign exchange reserves
totalled 10.514 billion dlrs at end-1986, up from 10.37 billion
at end-September but down from 11.9 billion at end-1985,
according to central bank figures published by the New China
News Agency.
    The agency said 2.072 billion dlrs of the reserves was held
by the state treasury, down from 2.26 billion at end-September,
while 8.442 billion was held by the Bank of China, up from 8.11
billion.
    China's outstanding foreign debts rose to 7.572 billion at
end-1986 from 5.067 billion at end-1985. Gold reserves stood at
12.67 mln ounces, unchanged over the year.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13690>
South African gold holdings rose 172.56
mln rand to 4.17 billion rand in March after rising 39 mln rand
to 4.0 billion rand in February, Reserve Bank figures show.
    In volume terms gold holdings rose to 5.51 mln ounces in
March from 5.26 mln ounces in February, valued at 757.24 rand
an ounce for March versus 754.59 rand an ounce for February.
    Total gold and foreign assets rose to 6.30 billion rand
from 6.22 billion, of which the gold content increased to 66.22
pct from 64.3 pct.
    Foreign bills remained at zero in March while investments
fell slightly to 105.69 mln rand from February's 106.56 mln
rand and other assets to 2.02 billion rand from 2.11 billion,
the figures showed.
    Total liabilities fell to 12.21 billion rand in March after
rising to 13.62 billion in February.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13791>
South Africa gold holdings rose 172.56
mln rand to 4.17 billion rand in March after rising 39 mln rand
to 4.0 billion in February, Reserve Bank figures show.
    In volume terms gold holdings rose to 5.51 mln ounces in
March from 5.26 mln ounces in February, valued at 757.24 rand
an ounce for March versus 754.59 rand an ounce for February.
    Total gold and foreign assets rose to 6.30 billion rand
from 6.22 billion, of which the gold content increased to 66.22
pct from 64.3 pct.
    Foreign bills remained at zero in March while investments
fell slightly to 105.69 mln rand from February's 106.56 mln
rand and other assets to 2.02 billion rand from 2.11 billion,
the figures showed. Total liabilities fell to 12.21 billion
rand in March after rising to 13.62 billion in February.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14207>
Loans and advances from the Dutch
Central Bank to the commercial banks rose by 1.2 billion
guilders to 10.7 billion in the week up to and including April
6, the Bank's weekly return showed.
    Paper discounted with the Bank also rose, by 477 mln
guilders to 916 mln.
    These rises were balanced by a 1.6 billion guilders rise in
the Treasury's account at the Bank, made up mainly of
repayments on housing loans by local authorities.  The
Treasury's account stood at 8.1 billion guilders, the weekly
return showed.
    The Bank's gold and currency reserves rose by 484 mln to
56.89 billion guilders, while the value of non-gold holdings
rose by 140 mln guilders, analysts said.
    They added that the rise in the reserves was merely the
result of commercial currency transactions by the Bank.
    Call money and period tariffs were only fractionally
changed this week and were seen sustaining their stable levels
since no dramatic changes in the money market debt, currently
around 10.25 billion guilders, are expected.
    Today call money traded between 5-3/8 to 5-1/2 pct and
period tariffs all between 5-5/16 to 5-7/16 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2110>
French official reserves fell 45.06
billion francs to 375.95 billion at the end of January from
421.00 billion at the end of December, the Finance Ministry
said in a statement.
    It said the fall was largely due to sales of foreign
currency that preceded the January 11 realignment of the
European Monetary System (EMS).
    Foreign currency reserves fell by 8.91 billion francs
during the month, the ministry said.
    This reflected outflows of 10.26 billion francs through
operations of the French exchange stabilisation fund,
counterbalanced by a gain of 1.35 billion francs resulting from
the quarterly adjustment in the value of dollar deposits held
with the European Monetary Cooperation Fund (FECOM).
    But most of the decline reflected a 33.90 billion franc
deficit that France built up during the month with FECOM as a
result of using very short-term financing instruments.
    The Bank of France, in conjunction with the Bundesbank and
other central banks, intervened heavily in foreign exchange
markets between late December and the January 11 EMS accord, in
an attempt to hold down the mark, which was attracting a flight
of funds from the dollar, and simultaneously shore up the
franc.
    On January 11, the mark was revalued by three pct against
the French franc, relieving pressure on the French currency.
    The fall in foreign exchange reserves took these reserves
to 98.83 billion francs at the end of January from 107.74
billion at end December.
    Gold reserves were unchanged at 218.45 billion francs.
    Reserves of European Currency Units fell to 73.25 billion
francs from 75.27 billion at end December.
    Claims on the International Monetary Fund fell 219 mln
francs to 19.31 billion francs.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2686>
Cash in circulation in West Germany
rose by 2.8 billion marks in the last week of February to 121.5
billion, a gain of 8.3 pct over the same month last year, the
Bundesbank said.
    Cash in circulation is one of two components of the West
German money supply which the German central bank is targeting
to grow between three and six pct this year.
    Gross currency reserves in the week rose by 200 mln marks
to 109.5 billion. Foreign liabilities fell 100 mln to 22.9
billion, giving a net currency reserves increase of 300 mln to
86.6 billion.
    Commercial bank minimum reserve holdings at the Bundesbank
fell 300 mln marks to 51.9 billion marks at the end of
February, averaging 51.2 billion over the month.
    The rediscount debt of the banking system fell 800 mln
marks to 55.2 billion marks, the Bundesbank said.
    Banks made heavy use of the Lombard emergency funding
facility to meet month-end payments and borrowed 3.1 billion
marks, a rise of 2.9 billion over the week before.
    The net position of public authorities at the Bundesbank
declined 6.7 billion marks in the last week of February.
    The federal government drew down 3.8 billion marks of its
Bundesbank cash deposits, which had stood at 4.1 billion in the
third week of February, and also borrowed a 1.8 billion in
credit from the central bank.
    Federal states' deposits fell 1.5 billion marks to 1.3
billion and their cash credits dropped 400 mln to 300 mln.
    The Bundesbank balance sheet total rose around 5.44 billion
to 222.22 billion marks.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3593>
National Bank of Hungary first
vice-president Janos Fekete said he hoped a planned eight pct
devaluation of the forint will spur exports and redress last
year's severe trade deficit with the West.
    Fekete told Reuters in an interview Hungary must achieve at
least equilibrium on its hard currency trade.
    "It is useful to have a devaluation," he said. "There is now a
real push to our exports and a bit of a curb to our imports."
    The official news agency MTI said today Hungary would
devalue by eight pct and it expected the new rates to be
announced later today. Fekete said the rates would come into
effect tomorrow.
    He said one reason for the devaluation was that Hungary had
a higher rate of inflation over the past two years than its
main partners (around eight pct in 1985 and between five and
5.5 pct in 1986).
    This was partly an after-effect of action Hungary took to
prevent inflation from soaring during the oil price shocks of
the 1970s, he added.
    Hungary devalued by a similar amount last September and by
between three and four pct early last year.
    But the country's hard currency trade balance nevertheless
fell into a deficit of 539.4 mln dlrs from a surplus of 295.3
mln in 1986 and 1.2 billion in 1985.
    Fekete said Hungary was hoping for a hard currency trade
surplus of between 200 and 300 mln dlrs this year, but that a
more likely outcome would be closer to equilibrium on total
hard currency trade of around 10 billion dlrs.
    One Western commercial attache here said: "Devaluation of
itself will not change anything. It will only be useful if they
also make efforts to restructure industry and improve the
quality of their export goods."
    Fekete said he hoped to raise credits on good terms this
year to invest in restructuring industry.
    It would be his role to persuade international banks to
cooperate in this process. He noted Hungary had been given an
AA rating enabling it to raise money on the Japanese Samurai
bond market.
    Hungary's net hard currency debt soared to 7.79 billion
dlrs last year from 5.01 billion in 1985, partly because of a
current account deficit of 1.42 billion dlrs and partly because
the fall in the dollar increased the dollar value of debt
denominated in marks or yen.
    He said he feared net debt would also rise slightly this
year, but he was in favour of borrowing for the purpose of
modernisation.
    "I am for credits to invest for that purpose," he said. "I am
against credits for consumption." He forecast gross domestic
product growth of two pct this year, from one pct in 1986.
   Fekete said Hungary would continue to restructure its debt
profile by prepaying high interest shorter and medium term
loans with cheaper long term money for which it was looking
more and more to the fixed interest rate bond market, where he
considered rates to be low.
    Hard currency foreign exchange reserves would stay at
around 3.5 billion dlrs, he said. On the budget deficit, which
tripled to a provisional 47 billion forints last year after
quadrupling in 1985, Fekete said the finance ministry was
working out measures to reduce an approved target deficit for
this year of 43.8 billion forints to between 30 and 35 billion
forints.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3660>
A Bank of Spain spokesman qualified a
bank statement announcing an extension of reserve requirements
to convertible peseta funds held by banks, saying the move
applied only to future rises above current balances.
    "The 19 pct reserve requirement will only be applied to
further increases in bank's convertible peseta funds," the
spokesman said. Convertible peseta funds previously were exempt
from reserve requirements. The spokesman said the measure was
intended to curb an influx of short-term foreign speculative
capital which threatened the government's money supply growth
target.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4093>
Taiwan's new controls on currency
inflows, implemented today, are a desperate bid to stem a flood
of speculative money prompted by the local currency surge
against the U.S. Dollar, local and foreign bankers said.
    The central bank now has to clear remittances exceeding one
mln U.S. Dlrs earned from exports, shipping and insurance and
bank lending plus remittances of more than 10,000 dlrs from any
other source.
    Petitioners have to show their remittances relate to
genuine commercial transactions.
    Meanwhile, traders are no longer required to report all
outward payments concerning invisible trade, including freight,
insurance and royalties, to the central bank.
    But bankers said they believed the new controls would be
ineffective since businessmen could split up remittances into
smaller units or simply remit money through Taiwan's
flourishing currency black market.
    The bankers said the controls, announced on March 6, are a
panic reaction to U.S. Pressure, which has intensified over the
past week, for a faster appreciation of the Taiwan dollar to
slow the growth of Taiwan's exports to the U.S.
    The government has denied local press reports Washington is
pressing for an exchange rate of up to 28 dlrs.
    The Taiwan dollar opened four cents up today at 34.70.
    "I don't think the central bank has a final target," said an
executive with a U.S. Bank. Other bankers and economists said
they are wary of making any firm predictions about how far the
Taiwan dollar will rise.
    Taiwan's trade surplus with the U.S. Hit 13.6 billion U.S.
Dlrs last year against 10.2 billion in 1985. The surplus
widened in the first two months of the year to 2.35 billion
dlrs from 1.87 billion in the same period last year.
    Economists estimate up to five billion dlrs in speculative
money flowed into Taiwan in 1986.
    This inflow helped boost foreign exchange reserves to more
than 51 billion dlrs from just under 25 billion this time last
year and provided further upward pressure on the currency.
    The Taiwan dollar has appreciated by almost 15 pct against
the U.S. Currency since September 1985, further encouraging
speculators.
    Central bank governor Chang Chi-cheng said last week
Washington's pressure plus rising foreign exchange reserves
meant a further strengthening in the currency is inevitable.
    Many local bankers argue the only effective solution to the
currency problem is to drop foreign exchange controls and allow
the local dollar to find its own level.
    "Lifting exchange controls is the final answer, but the
central bank is not prepared to do it. It simply does not want
to take the risk," said one local banker.
    He said he believed the new restrictions are a temporary
measure designed to buy time as the central bank grapples with
the exchange rate problem.
    The restrictions are a bureaucratic imposition and skirt
around the real issue, he said.
    Taiwan needs a fundamental restructuring of foreign
exchange controls, said an executive with a western bank.
    "The controls will create more paperwork, but the extra bank
charges will not outweigh the profits of speculation," said the
manager of a European bank.
    Economists criticised the controls, saying they could
antagonise Washington, which is pushing for further economic
liberalisation in Taiwan.
    "Instead of liberalising outflows, the government has
restricted inflows," said Kate Newman, an economist with Vickers
da Costa.
    A local banker, who declined to be named, said, "It's
basically ridiculous. It's a backward movement and goes against
the government's liberalisation programme."
    Taiwan last year eased some of its financial regulations to
enable Taiwan nationals to invest in foreign government bonds,
treasury bills and certificates of deposit and to allow
individuals to take 5,000 U.S. Dlrs in cash out of the country
each year.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4113>
The net position of federal states
worsened in the first March week, cutting public authority net
holdings at the Bundesbank by 500 mln marks, the central bank
said.
    States' cash deposits at the central bank fell to 800 mln
and they also drew down 1.2 billion marks in book credit, 900
mln marks more than in the prior week.
    By contrast, however, the federal government was able to
reduce its credit drawdown at the central bank by 900 mln marks
to 900 mln.
    Despite the stronger states' net needs in the week, their
cash position and other market dependent influences just about
balanced the outflow of liquidity from the money market through
an increase in cash in circulation, the Bundesbank said.
    Cash in circulation rose by 1.4 billion marks in the week
to 122.9 billion.
    Liquidity also came in through the maturing of short-term
treasury bills bought from the Bundesbank in the prior week.
    Gross currency reserves rose in the week by 400 mln marks
to 109.9 billion. Foreign liabilities of the Bundesbank were
largely unchanged at 22.8 billion marks, giving a rise in net
currency reserves of 400 mln to 87.0 billion, it said.
    The Bundesbank said its balance sheet total fell by 3.77
billion in the week to 218.45 billion.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4548>
Bolivia is to make a formal offer during
the next few months to buy back its 900 mln dlrs debt from
commercial banks at a discount of up to 90 pct, central bank
president Jier Nogales said.
     Nogales told Reuters in an interview the steering
committee of Bolivia's creditor banks had agreed to consider
the offer at a meeting in New York last month.
     He said the offer would be based on the value of Bolivian
paper on the international secondary debt market, where it now
trades at between 10 and 15 pct of its face value.
    Nogales said Bolivia will make a single offer to buy back
its commercial debt and banks who accepted would be paid the
discounted rate in full.
    Banks which declined the offer would be repaid over 20 to
30 years at interest rates below those fixed in the
international markets, he added.
    Bolivia has frozen payments on medium and long term loans
to commercial banks since March, 1984, and Nogales said there
would be no money available to restart traditional debt
servicing to them for some time.
     Several Latin American countries have initiated schemes to
cancel foreign debt by equity swaps or third party buy-backs,
but Bolivia would be the first country in the region to make a
formal offer to buy back all its commercial bank debt at
discounted rates.
    Nogales said practical and strategic considerations would
determine the exact timing of the offer but it would be made in
the next few months.
     He said Bolivia would not bargain with creditor banks over
the price to paid for the debt paper they hold, and would make
a single non-negotiable offer.
    He said Bolivia could not even pay interest to friendly
creditor countries, let alone commercial banks. The only
traditional way forward was to capitalise interest, which would
mean greater bank exposure in Bolivia and greater loss
provisions, he added.
    "We are confident that the banks are going to be
reasonable," Nogales said. "Now they can resolve their problems
for once and for all."
    "The most conservative ones who want a little more will
wait a year, but I don't know if the window of opportunity will
be open all the time," he added.
    Discussing the status of other parts of Bolivia's four
billion dlr foreign debt, 2.5 billion of which is owed to
governments and the rest to international agencies, Nogales
said negotiators had achieved considerable success in recent
discussions with the Paris Club.
     He said Paris Club creditors had agreed to reschedule
Bolivian debt over 10 years with five to six years grace, while
accepting that interest would not be paid until 1989. Interest
rates were being discussed on a bilateral basis under Paris
Club rules, he added.
     He said some Paris Club members had agreed to disregard
penalty interest payments and negotiations were continuing with
Argentina and Brazil, who hold 700 mln dlrs of Bolivian debt.
    He said Bolivia was continuing to service loans from
international agencies, and it expected to receive up to 400
mln dlrs in disbursements this year.
    The capital flow for loans and their servicing had changed
from a negative balance of 250 mln dlrs in 1985 to a net inflow
of 130 mln dlrs last year, he added.
    Nogales said that Bolivia's net international reserves now
stood at around 250 mln dlrs, compared to one mln dlrs in
disposable funds when the government of Victor Paz Estenssoro
took office in August, 1985.
    Nogales said inflation, which soared to over 20,000 pct a
year in the government's first month in office, was now down to
10 pct on an annualised basis from the last six months, and the
plan was that it should continue at this level.
    He said the government was also expecting at least three
pct growth in gdp this year after several years of negative
rates.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5181>
Peru will put into effect Monday a foreign
exchange rationing system for imports designed to stop a slide
in the country's international reserves, a government decree in
the Official Gazette said.
    Under the system, importers will be required to present a
bill from the foreign seller of goods and apply for a license
for foreign exchange. The central bank will have 10 days to
decide whether to issue the required foreign exchange.
    Net international reserves now total about 800 mln dlrs
compared to 1.54 billion dlrs a year ago.
    The system will be effective until the end of 1988.
    A ceiling for foreign exchange availability will be set by
a council with members from the central bank, the economy
ministry and the planning and foreign trade institutes. The
central bank will issue licenses to procure foreign exchange in
accordance with guidelines set by the council.
    Peru's reserves fell sharply due to a drop in the trade
surplus to about five mln dlrs in 1986 from 1.1 billion in
1985, according to preliminary central bank estimates.
   Total exports dropped to 2.50 billion dlrs last year against
2.97 billion in 1985.
   Imports last year rose sharply as gross domestic product
grew by about 8.5 pct, the highest economic growth level
registered in 12 years. Imports were about 2.49 billion dlrs in
1986 against 1.87 billion in 1985, according to preliminary
estimates.
    The cushion of reserves allowed Peru to take a hard-line
debt stance last year and suspend most payments due on its 14.3
billion dlr foreign debt.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5193>
Jordan's key economic priorities are
having a sound national treasury and adequate foreign exchange
reserves, Prime Minister Zeid al-Rifa'i said.
    "First, the national treasury should be in sound shape when
dealing with the public and other countries so that its
credibility is preserved," he said in a television interview
Saturday.
    "The second priority is to maintain an acceptable level of
foreign exchange reserves to provide (the) stability and
confidence needed by the government to meet foreign
commitments."
    Rifa'i said Jordan's outstanding government-guaranteed and
commercial loans total 902 mln dinars with a debt service ratio
of 14.9 pct.
    The figure was sharply lower than the 1.02 billion dinars
in outstanding loans at the end of September, according to
latest Central Bank figures.
    Rifa'i dismissed the view of some bankers and economists
here that the dinar, which is pegged to a basket of currencies,
is overvalued.
    "The dinar is strong and stable and we intend to preserve
its stability," he said.
    The prime minister said he hoped the next Arab summit would
tackle the question of continuing financial aid to Jordan.
Under a 10-year agreement reached in 1978, Jordan was to
receive a total of 1.25 billion dlrs annually from Algeria,
Iraq, Kuwait, Libya, Qatar, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab
Emirates to help it resist Israel.
    But only Saudi Arabia met its obligations, while the others
failed because of falling income due to lower oil prices.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5216>
Malaysia's gold and foreign
exchange reserves rose to 16.07 billion ringgit in February
from 15.73 billion in January and 12.23 billion in February
1986, Bank Negara Malaysia said.
    The central bank said cumulative assets at end-February
fell to 20.02 billion ringgit from 20.68 billion at end-January
but were up from 17.07 billion at end-February last year.
    Holdings of federal government securities dropped to 876
mln ringgit in February from 1.70 billion a month earlier and
2.30 billion in February 1986.
    Malaysia's special drawing rights rose to 355 mln ringgit
at end-February from 352 mln at end-January and 286 mln at
end-February 1986, the bank said.
    The IMF position was unchanged from January at 507 mln but
was above the 422 mln in February a year ago.
    Currency in circulation in February fell to 7.43 billion
ringgit from 8.32 billion a month earlier but was up from 7.18
billion in February last year.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5279>
Peru will put into effect today a foreign
exchange rationing system for imports designed to stop a slide
in the country's international reserves, a government decree in
the Official Gazette said.
    Under the system, importers will be required to present a
bill from the foreign seller of goods and apply for a license
for foreign exchange. The central bank will have 10 days to
decide whether to issue the required foreign exchange.
    Net international reserves now total about 800 mln dlrs
compared to 1.54 billion dlrs a year ago.
    The system will be effective until the end of 1988.
    A ceiling for foreign exchange availability will be set by
a council with members from the central bank, the economy
ministry and the planning and foreign trade institutes. The
central bank will issue licenses to procure foreign exchange in
accordance with guidelines set by the council.
    Peru's reserves fell sharply due to a drop in the trade
surplus to about five mln dlrs in 1986 from 1.1 billion in
1985, according to preliminary central bank estimates.
   Total exports dropped to 2.50 billion dlrs last year against
2.97 billion in 1985.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5767>
Australia's official reserve assets fell
to the equivalent of 8.50 billion U.S. Dlrs in February, from
9.15 billion in January, compared with 9.06 billion a year
earlier, the Reserve Bank said.
    In Australian dollar terms, reserves fell by 1.24 billion
dlrs to 12.60 billion after falling 1.71 billion to 13.85
billion in January and rising 792 mln to 12.92 billion in
February 1986.
    The bank said that excluding valuation effects, it
estimated reserves fell 853 mln dlrs after falling 2.34 billion
in January and rising 323 mln a year earlier.
    The individual value of reserve assets in Australian
dollars at end-February with end-January and year-earlier
respectively in brackets were.
    Gold 4.71 billion (4.90 billion and 3.83 billion), SDR's
503 mln (524 mln and 468 mln), IMF reserve position 354 mln
(365 mln and 312 mln), U.S. Dollars 3.25 billion (both 3.99
billion), other foreign exchange 3.78 billion (4.07 billion and
4.32 billion).
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5841>
Taiwan's central bank is considering
proposals to ease currency restrictions to reduce foreign
exchange reserves of 51 billion U.S. Dlrs, a local newspaper
reported today.
    The China Times, which has close ties with the government,
quoted central bank governor Chang Chi-cheng as saying the
government had agreed in principle to liberalise financial
restrictions.
    The bank was considering proposals to allow firms and
individuals to hold foreign exchange and invest in foreign
stocks for the first time, Chang was quoted as saying.
    All foreign exchange must now be handed to local banks and
exchanged for local currency. Firms and individuals may only
invest in foreign government bonds, treasury bills and
certificates of deposit.
    Central bank and other government officials were not
available to comment on the report.
    Economists said it was likely that the government would
ease foreign exchange controls, but only gradually.
    They said vast foreign currency reserves, earned mainly
from huge trade surpluses with the United States, made Taiwan a
target for U.S. Protectionism.
    Taiwan's trade surplus with the U.S. Rose to 13.6 billion
U.S. Dlrs last year compared with 10.2 billion in 1985.
    "The central bank has to go in this direction," said Su
Han-min, chief economist with the International Commercial Bank
of China. "If they don't quicken the pace, Washington could
retaliate and really damage Taiwan."
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7049>
Italy's net official reserves rose to
66,172 billion lire in February 1987 from a previously reported
62,174 billion in January, the Bank of Italy said.
    Gold holdings at end-February totalled 35,203 billion lire,
unchanged on January.
    Convertible currencies totalled 18,467 billion lire, up
from 14,899 billion in January, while European Currency Unit
(ECU) holdings were 10,156 billion lire against 10,133 billion.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7221>
French official reserves rose 12.73
billion francs to 388.68 billion francs at the end of February
from 375.95 billion at the end of January, the Finance Ministry
said.
    It said in a statement the rise was mainly due to inflows
of foreign currency through the exchange stabilisation fund,
which resulted in an increase of 12.41 billion francs.
    Reserves of European Currency Units rose by 25 mln francs
to 73.27 billion francs, due to interest adjustments, while
gold reserves rose by two mln francs to 218.46 billion francs.

</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7937>
Additional capital inflows of 1.5
billion dlrs so far this year have boosted Mexico's reserves to
about eight billion dlrs, director of public credit Angel
Gurria told reporters.
    Money has been coming back to Mexico because of improved
investor confidence and because a tight monetray policy has
forced credit-starved industries to repatriate capital. Inflows
totalled a billion dlrs in fourth-quarter 1986.
    Gurria said Mexico is not accumulating reserves for the
sake of it. He said its new loans will increase the pool of
funds available for badly needed investment.
    Once the first tranche of its new six billion dlr loan is
drawn down in the second quarter, Mexico will still only have
enough reserves to pay for imports and debt service for four or
five months, Gurria noted.
    Nevertheless, Gurria said Mexico does not expect to draw on
the commercial banks' 1.2 billion dlr investment-support
contingency facility. That money will be available until April
1988 if Mexico's export receipts and the price of oil fall
below certain levels. But Mexico failed to qualify for the
first two drawings totalling 451 mln dlrs, and Gurria said
today, "We expect we'll never have to use it."
    Gurria said Mexico will know by June whether it can draw on
the second contingency facility included in the bank financing
package - a 500 mln dlr growth co-financing loan with the World
Bank.
    Finance minister Gustavo Petricioli said he had signed
yesterday a 250 mln dlr loan with the World Bank to support the
development of exports of manufactured goods.
    He also said the first 250 mln dlr tranche of a one billion
dlr loan from the Japanese government to support steel, oil and
export promotion will be disbursed at the end of the month.
    Mexico is also due to make the third drawing from its
International Monetary Fund standby credit in the next few days
based on a successful review of end-1986 economic results.
    Petricioli said Mexico is in the final stages of
discussions which will determine quantitative economic targets
for 1987 which will allow it to continue to draw from the IMF
for the rest of 1987.
    Petricioli reported that Mexico has so far concluded eight
bilateral accords with government creditors within the Paris
Club.
    Sixteen governments signed the Paris Club umbrella
agreement last September, which restructured 1.8 billion dlrs
of official debt, and Petricioli said he hopes to finalize
pacts with the remaining eight countries in the next few weeks.
    In keeping with the spirit of the September agreement, he
said all countries from the Organization of Economic
Cooperation and Development have continued to provide export
credit facilities for Mexico, despite the debt restructuring.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8158>
Burma's debt service ratio will have
fallen to 48.8 pct in the fiscal year to end-March 1987 from 50
pct in 1985-1986, the official Council of People's Inspectors
(CPI) reported.
    Western diplomats in Rangoon estimate the figure at above
70 pct and say the country can no longer depend on foreign
exchange reserves to cover more than a few weeks' imports.
    The CPI, which oversees government spending, said in its
latest report to parliament that foreign currency reserves fell
to a record low of 407.9 mln kyats in September 1986 from 430.3
mln in March 1986. Earlier figures were not available.
    Debt servicing cost Burma 1.62 billion kyats in 1985-1986
while foreign exchange earnings -- export revenues plus loans
and aid -- totalled 3.23 billion kyats in the same period, the
council said.
    Later figures were not available.
    Burma, which diplomats here say now has foreign debts of up
to 3.4 billion dlrs, has applied to the United Nations to be
reclassified as one of the world's least developed countries in
order to qualify for softer loan and grant aid.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8164>
Gross domestic product is expected to
grow by 4.4 pct in the year ending June 30, Finance Minister
Mohammad Syeduzzaman told reporters.
    Inflation fell to an estimated 12 pct this fiscal year from
17 pct in 1981/82, he said last night.
    The World Bank and other independent sources have said
inflation would be around 15 pct in 1986/87.
    Syeduzzaman said remittances from expatriates would rise to
600 mln dlrs this year from 425 mln in 1981/82.
    Foreign exchange reserves at end-June are projected at 680
mln dlrs compared with 105 mln in 1981/82, he said.
    Syeduzzaman said the export target has been set at 900 mln
dlrs this year against 626 mln in 1981/82. Commitments for
foreign loans and grants total more than five billion dlrs in
1986/87, against 3.54 billion five years previously, he said.
    The government's liberal industrial policy has attracted
investment commitments totalling 250 mln dlrs, he said
    Foodgrain output is estimated at 16.4 mln tonnes this year,
up from 16.12 mln in 1985/86 and 14.4 mln in 1981/82.
    Government officials have said Bangladesh must import
nearly two mln tonnes of grain annually up to 1990, when the
government expects to attain self-sufficiency in food.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8597>
Taiwan's foreign exchange reserves,
swollen by strong trade surpluses to a record 53 billion U.S.
Dlrs, are becoming a problem, government officials said.
    Official figures show the latest level compares with the
previous record of 51 billion dlrs on March 4 and about 26
billion in late March 1986.
    Central bank Governor Chang Chi-cheng told reporters the
increase in reserves was the result of heavy intervention by
the bank on the local interbank market. It bought nearly two
billion U.S. Dlrs between March 5 and 23, he said.
    Wang Chao-ming, vice chairman of the government's Council
for Economic Planning and Development, told Reuters the rising
reserves were "a big headache for Taiwan."
    He said the government expects heavier pressure from the
U.S., Where protectionist bills are being proposed against
nations such as Taiwan and Japan with large trade surpluses
with the U.S.
    Wang said the government would launch new measures within
the next two months to further reduce import tariffs and open
the market wider to foreign products, especially those from the
U.S.
    Wang said the measures aim at helping reduce Taiwan's trade
surplus, which rose to 2.73 billion U.S. Dlrs in the first two
months of 1987 from 2.02 billion a year earlier. Nearly 90 pct
of the surplus was with the U.S.
    Vice Economic Minister Wang Chien-shien agreed with Wang's
remarks and said efforts to avert U.S. Protectionism were
running out of time. "We must do it quickly or face retaliation
from Washington," he said.
    He said the measures would include removal of trade
barriers on insurance and inland services for U.S. Companies.
    Chang Chi-cheng said the central bank could not stop buying
U.S. Dollars because of heavy sales by local exporters who fear
the strong local dollar will cause them exchange losses.
    He said the bank is studying revision of the foreign
exchange rules in hope of further reducing currency controls,
but declined to give details.
    The Taiwan dollar has risen about 15 pct against the U.S.
Dollar since September 1985. It opened at 34.38 to the U.S.
Dollar today and is expected to rise further to 33 in June and
to 32 by end-year, some foreign bankers said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8829>
Norway's Central Bank reserves totalled
91.06 billion crowns in January, against 93.07 billion in
December and 105.29 billion in January 1986, the central bank
said in its monthly balance sheet.
    Foreign exchange reserves totalled 83.68 billion crowns,
compared with 85.52 billion in December and 99.19 billion
crowns a year ago. Gold reserves totalled 284.7 mln crowns,
unchanged from the previous month and the year-ago figure.
    Central bank special drawing right holdings were 2.82
billion crowns, compared with 2.89 billion in December and 2.13
billion a year ago.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9133>
Thailand's foreign reserves of gold,
special drawing rights and convertible currencies fell to 3.86
billion dlrs at end-February from 3.95 billion the previous
month, but were above the 3.08 billion held at the same time
last year, the Bank of Thailand said.
    It said the reserves were equal to about five months' worth
of imports.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9787>
West German net currency reserves
rose by 300 mln marks in the third week of March to 82.0
billion, following a fall of 5.4 billion marks in the previous
week, the Bundesbank said.
    Non-currency reserves were unchanged at about 2.5 billion
marks, bringing net monetary reserves to 84.5 billion.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9822>
French reserves fell in the week ended
March 19 following repayment of the bulk of the debt contracted
during January with the European Monetary Cooperation Fund, the
Bank of France said in its weekly statement.
    The repayment of capital and interest on this loan, taken
out during the strong pressure on the franc which preceded the
European Monetary System (EMS) realignment and the subsequent
Group of Five meeting in Paris, took place on March 13.
    It comprised the repayment of 11.25 billion francs' worth
of European Currency Units (ECUs), 9.72 billion francs' worth
of foreign currency and 1.72 billion francs' worth of special
drawing rights (SDRs), the Bank said.
    As a result foreign currency reserves fell to 114.69
billion francs on March 19 from 120.82 billion on March 12,
while ECU reserves fell to 62.02 billion francs from 73.23
billion.
    Gold reserves remained stable at 218.32 billion francs.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9905>
Increased activity by Switzerland's
banks pushed net capital exports to a provisional 11.7 billion
francs last year from 10.0 billion in 1985, the National Bank
said in a pre-publication copy of its annual report.
    It also said the current account surplus of the Swiss
balance of payments reached a provisional 13.5 billion francs
last year, from 12.8 billion in 1985.
    The National Bank's currency reserves rose by 1.8 billion
francs, against a 2.8 billion rise in 1985. However, taking
into accounts effects of the shift in exchange rates, reserves
actually fell in value by 1.9 billion.
    The banks' net capital exports climbed to 5.4 billion
francs, from 5.1 billion in 1985, while capital exports by
domestic non-banks fell to 5.0 billion from 9.1 billion.
    The National Bank gave the following figures (1985 in
brackets)
    Current Account +13.5 billion (+12.8 in 1985), made up of:
    Goods                     -7.1 (-8.7)
    Services                  +10.1 (+9.8)
    Factor Income             +12.5 (+13.7)
    Transfers                 -2.0 (-2.0)
 Capital Account -11.7 billion (-10.0 in 1985) made up of
    Direct Investment                          N/A  (-6.3)
    Portfolio Investment                       N/A  (-2.8)
    Capital Traffic of Banks                  -10.4 (-14.2)
    Other Capital Traffic Included             N/A  (+5.6)
    Traffic not Included and Statistical Error N/A  (+7.7)
    Change in Currency Reserves of the National Bank +1.8
(+2.8)
    Interest Income on Foreign Currency        +2.4 (+3.4)
    Foreign Currency Transactions              -0.6 (-0.6)
 REUTER
</BODY>
