<BODY DOCID=488>
AMAX Incx said it has identified
additional gold and silver ore reserves at its AMAX Sleeper
Mine near Winnemucca, Nev..
    It said as a result of recent drilling, reserves at thhe
mine are now estimated at 2,470,000 short tons of ore grading
0.24 ounce of gold and 0.50 ounce of silver per ton that is
treatable by conventional milling techniques.
    AMAX said additional reserves amenable to heap leaching are
estimated at 38.3 mln tons averaging 0.025 ounce gold and 0.24
ounce silver per ton.  Further drilling is being conducted, it
said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1942>
A limited Belgian issue of silver Ecu
coins with a face value of five Ecus will go on sale from March
23 at a price of 500 Belgian francs each, a Finance Ministry
spokesman said.
    Gold Ecu coins with a face value of 50 Ecus will be sold
from the same day. The spokesman told Reuters the price for
these would be fixed just before they go on sale but was likely
to be between 8,500 and 9,000 francs.
    At least two mln silver coins and several hundreds of
thousands of the gold coins will be minted, he said. They will
be sold both in Belgium and abroad.
    The coins will be the first ever denominated in the Ecu,
the "basket" comprised of the 12-nation European Community's
currencies except the Spanish peseta and the Portuguese escudo.
    The issue is being made to mark the 30th anniversary of the
EC's founding Treaty of Rome this month. Finance Minister Mark
Eyskens, who currently presides over the EC's council of
economic and finance ministers, has called the issue a
political act of symbolic value which aimed to make the
Community's goal of monetary integration more concrete.
    The coins will be legal tender in Belgium but most demand
is expected to come from coin collectors.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10485>
Pegasus Gold Inc said
milling operations have started at its Montana Tunnels open-pit
gold, silver, zinc and lead mine near Helena.
    The start-up is three months ahead of schedule and six mln
dlrs under budget, the company said. Original capital cost of
the mine was 57.5 mln dlrs, but came in at 51.5 mln dlrs, the
company said.
    After a start-up period, the mill is expected to produce 
106,000 ounces of gold, 1,700,000 ounces of silver, 26,000 tons
of zinc and 5,700 tons of lead on an annual basis from
4,300,000 tons of ore, the company said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11839>
The climate for precious metals is
improving with prices benefiting from renewed inflation fears
and the switching of funds from dollar and stock markets,
brokers Samuel Montagu and Co Ltd said.
    Silver prices in March gained some 15 pct in dlr terms due
to a weak dollar and silver is felt to be fairly cheap relative
to gold, Montagu said in its monthly silver newsletter. In
March the gold/silver ratio narrowed from 74 to less than 67.
    The supply/demand position has improved in the past year,
and despite a silver market surplus, the quantity of silver is
modest enough to be absorbed by investors, it added.
    The report said the firmness in oil prices was likely to
continue in the short term.
    A period of consolidation might be necessary before prices
attempted to move significantly higher,it said, but so long as
the dollar remains under pressure then the outlook for silver
was positive.
    However silver was less likely to continue to outpace the
other metals by such a margin, Montagu said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11852>
The climate for precious metals is
improving with prices benefiting from renewed inflation fears
and the switching of funds from dollar and stock markets,
brokers Samuel Montagu and Co Ltd said.
    Silver prices in March gained some 15 pct in dlr terms due
to a weak dollar and silver is felt to be fairly cheap relative
to gold, Montagu said in its monthly silver newsletter. In
March the gold/silver ratio narrowed from 74 to less than 67.
    The supply/demand position has improved in the past year,
and despite a silver market surplus, the quantity of silver is
modest enough to be absorbed by investors, it added.
    The report said the firmness in oil prices was likely to
continue in the short term.
    A period of consolidation might be necessary before prices
attempted to move significantly higher,it said, but so long as
the dollar remains under pressure then the outlook for silver
was positive.
    However silver was less likely to continue to outpace the
other metals by such a margin, Montagu said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12243>
The Commodity Exchange Inc said it is
increasing the minimum margins for silver futures contracts,
effective at the opening of business Thursday, April 2.
    The margins for speculative trading will be increased to
2,000 dlrs per contract from 1,300 dlrs and trade hedge margins
will rise to 1,400 dlrs from 900 dlrs, the Comex said.
    Margins are unchanged for gold, copper, and aluminum
contracts, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12484>
The London Metal Exchange, LME, issued
turnovers for March 1987, with figures for corresponding period
1986 in brackets.
    All in tonnes except Silver which in troy ounces.
    Copper higher grade nil (2,526,425), Standard cathodes nil
(6,325), Grade A 2,429,200 (nil), Standard Copper 17,050 (nil),
Lead 443,850 (538,750), Zinc High grade 598,550 (304,825),
Silver large 10,350,000 (17,400,000), Small nil (2,000),
Aluminium 1,693,375 (1,301,850), Nickel 62,004 (65,040).
    Cumulative figures for January-March were as follows -
Copper higher grade nil (7,703,625), Standard cathodes nil
(24,700), Grade A 6,455,525 (nil), Standard Copper 62,075
(nil), Lead 1,567,000 (1,979,750), Zinc High grade 1,746,675
(1,356,400), Silver large 41,770,000 (65,620,000), Small nil
(8,000), Aluminium 4,984,650 (4,974,950), Nickel 199,944
(179,328).
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12796>
The following deliveries are scheduled
for April 6 against Chicago Baord of Trade Futures -
    Silver - 392 lots at Chicago, Illinois.
    Kilo Gold - 21 lots. 16 at Chicago, Illinois, 5 at New
York, New York.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13119>
U.S. mine production of silver rose
to 2,295,230 troy ounces in December from 2,181,082 in
November, the Interior Department's Bureau of Mines said.
    U.S. imports of silver in December were 8,458,000 ounces,
vs 19,950,000 in November, and 8,840,000 in December, 1985.
    Silver exports totaled 1,549,000 ounces in December, vs
2,346,000 in November and 1,504,000 ounces in December, 1985.
    Silver mining production in the 12-month period Jan-Dec,
1986 totaled 31,720,769 ounces, vs 39,357,197 ounces produced
over the same period in 1985.
   Imports of silver in Jan-Dec, 1986 totaled 144,890,000
ounces, vs 152,601,000 ounces in Jan-Dec, 1985, while silver
exports stood at 25,114,000 ounces and 24,756,000 ounces over
the respective periods, the bureau said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14572>
Westmin Resources Ltd said it
plans to increase capacity at its Myra Falls, British Columbia,
base and precious metal mine and mill complex by 33 pct to
4,400 short tons of ore a day, subject to regulatory approvals.
    The company said the expansion will cost about 24 mln dlrs
and could be in operation by 1988.
    Economies of scale from the expansion should pay back net
expansion cost in less than one year, Westmin said.
    The Myra Falls complex processed 3,257 tons of ore a day
during 1986. Myra Falls 1986 production was 44,000 ounces of
gold, 966,266 ounces of silver, 45.5 mln lbs of copper, 96.2
mln lbs of zinc and 777,000 lbs of lead, a company spokesman
said.
    Myra Falls 1986 production was 44,000 ounces of gold,
966,266 ounces of silver, 45.5 mln pounds of copper, 96.2 mln
pounds of zinc and 777,000 pounds of lead, a company spokesman
said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3574>
St. Joe Gold Corp said it plans to
proceed with development of its Golden Patricia gold property
in northwestern Ontario.
    It said about five mln dlrs will be spent to continue
underground development and obtain operating permits and
another 10.2 mln dlrs is expected to be required to complete
underground development, construct a mill and provide the
infrastructure needed to put the mine into commercial
production.
    St. Joe Gold said if the necessary operating permits were
granted in time, it would start gold production in the second
half of the year ending October 31, 1988 at an annual rate of
about 40,000 troy ounces.
    The company said the property is estimated to contain over
500,000 troy ounces of gold, and the initial mining project
covers only seven of 192 claims, with drill-indicated reserves
of 293,000 short tons grading 0.88 troy ounce of gold per ton.
    It said initial mine output is expected to be about 150
tons of ore daily.
    St. Joe Gold said the Golden Patricia vein has not been
tested at depth or along strike to the east and west and
exploration is continuing on the Golden Patricia property and
the adjacent wholly-owned Muskeg Lake property.
    The company also said its Richmond Hill gold and silver
deposit in the Carbonate district of western South Dakota has
been shown by drilling to contain about 3,900,000 tons grading
0.055 troy ounce of gold and 0.23 troy ounce of silver per ton.
 It said preliminary results are encouraging and a feasibility
study is nearing completion.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3646>
St. Joe Gold Corp said it plans to
proceed with development of its Golden Patricia gold property
in northwestern Ontario.
    It said about five mln dlrs will be spent to continue
underground development and obtain operating permits and
another 10.2 mln dlrs is expected to be required to complete
underground development, construct a mill and provide the
infrastructure needed to put the mine into commercial
production.
    St. Joe Gold said if the necessary operating permits were
granted in time, it would start gold production in the second
half of the year ending October 31, 1988 at an annual rate of
about 40,000 troy ounces.
    The company said the property is estimated to contain over
500,000 troy ounces of gold, and the initial mining project
covers only seven of 192 claims, with drill-indicated reserves
of 293,000 short tons grading 0.88 troy ounce of gold per ton.
    It said initial mine output is expected to be about 150
tons of ore daily.
    St. Joe Gold said the Golden Patricia vein has not been
tested at depth or along strike to the east and west and
exploration is continuing on the Golden Patricia property and
the adjacent wholly-owned Muskeg Lake property.
    The company also said its Richmond Hill gold and silver
deposit in the Carbonate district of western South Dakota has
been shown by drilling to contain about 3,900,000 tons grading
0.055 troy ounce of gold and 0.23 troy ounce of silver per ton.
 It said preliminary results are encouraging and a feasibility
study is nearing completion.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3862>
Maoist guerrillas using dynamite derailed
two locomotives and four train wagons, interrupting traffic on
Peru's sole railway line linking the capital to the central
Andes, where most of the country's mining centres are located,
authorities said.
    Damages was estimated at 800,000 dlrs in the dynamite blast
yesterday at Chacapalca, where the explosion wrecked the train
laden with minerals and 45 metres of the railway line.
    Crews hoped to restore traffic to the line later today
after clearing the damaged train and repairing the tracks at
Chacapalca, 225 km east of the Capital, Lima.
    An official at Mineroperu comercial (Minpeco), Peru's state
minerals marketing firm, said the agency was assessing the
situation. There had not been a declaration of force majeure on
contracts to ship minerals abroad.
    Foreign sales of silver, copper, zinc and other minerals
earn Peru over half of its export income. Most of the minerals,
extracted and refined in the central peruvian andes, are
shipped down the central railway to the lima port of callao.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3868>
&lt;Equity Silver
Mines Ltd> said it agreed to sell 6.6 mln shares of a new class
of par value voting stock to Placer Development Ltd for 37.1
mln dlrs, increasing Placer's stake in Equity to 74.5 pct from
68 pct.
    The transaction is subject to regulatory approval and a
vote by Equity minority shareholders at the April 23 annual
meeting, the company said.
    Proceeds from sale of the shares, priced at 5.625 dlrs
each, will be used to buy and deliver 4,985,000 ounces of
silver to Placer, Equity said.
    Equity Silver said the silver remains to be delivered under
its sale agreement with Placer, after delivery of its 750,000
ounce minimum commitment for 1987.
    Equity said it arranged to acquire 4,985,000 ounces of
silver at 7.40 dlrs an ounces, subject to selling the shares to
Placer.
    Purchase and delivery of the silver to Placer will result
in an after-tax gain of about 6.6 mln dlrs, Equity said.
    It also said the stock and silver transactions will create
a 37,059,000 dlr fund out of which dividends will be paid when
cash is available.
    The cash fund will enable Equity Silver to continue to pay
dividends on its preferred shares and increase the likelihood
that it may be able to pay dividends on its common shares, the
company said.
    It did not elaborate on what common share dividends might
be paid.
    The company normally pays quarterly preferred dividends
totalling 619,000 dlrs from retained earnings, Equity Silver
said.
    Equity Silver had retained earnings of 2,312,000 dlrs at
December 31, 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6515>
Silver looks "unlikely to break out of
gold and platinum's shadow" in the near future, although this
year is likely to see demand increasing at a faster rate than
supply, a study by Credit Suisse said.
    The study predicted demand rising by 300 tonnes to 13,200
tonnes this year, against a 50 tonne increase in supply to
14,050 tonnes. This should cut the global oversupply to 850
tonnes from last year's provisional 1,100 tonnes.
    The study noted that the effects of last year's lower
prices were having a dampening effect on total supply, which
was now back down to around levels of a decade ago.
    However, the study said that primary production, likely to
reach 10,000 tonnes this year against a provisional 9,950 in
1986, is relatively insensitive to price falls.
    Around a third of silver production comes from heavily
indebted Mexico and Peru.
    Price-sensitivity is also reduced by the fact that the
majority of silver is a by-product of other mining activity.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6557>
World stocks of silver are large
enough to accommodate any changes in the supply-demand equation
this year, with industrial consumption expected to again exceed
mine production, the dealer house Handy and Harman said in its
annual review of the silver market.
    The house estimated that the industry last year withdrew
20,000,000 ounces of silver from stocks to bridge a supply
deficit caused by a consumption rate of 403,000,000 ounces and
production level of 382,000,000 ounces.
    However, world stocks are huge, totaling 2,267,900,000
ounces at the end of 1986, it said.
    The review noted that world industrial consumption has been
on an uptrend since 1980, although offtake is still 14 pct
below the 1978 level of 442,000,000 ounces.
    Handy and Harman said 22,800,000 ounces of silver were used
to produce coins last year, up from 12,700,000 ounces in 1985,
with the demand getting a big boost from the production of U.S.
coins, including the American Eagle.
    It also said that in recent years Communist countries have
increased their silver imports and estimated that China and
East Germany alone took in 70,000,000 ounces of foreign silver
in the last five years.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7645>
Geodome Resources Ltd said
following receipt of a feasibility study from Raytheon Co's
Stearns Catalytic unit it will proceed with construction and
pre-production stripping at its Sunbeam Mine in Custer County,
Idaho, as quickly as possible.
    The company said the study found proven ore reserves of
3,302,000 short tons grading 0.077 ounce of gold per ton. It
said the mine will operate at a rate of 626,000 tons of ore per
year, with higher-grade ore being mined in the first three
years for a rapid payback of capital costs.
    It said the feasibility study calls for gold production
averaging 41,000 ounces a year for the life of the mine and
50,000 ounces a year over the first three years, with 99,000
ounces of silver per year being produced over the mine life.
    Capital costs would be 22.3 mln dlrs with all-new equipment
and 500,000 to one mln dlrs less with used equipment, the firm
said. It said the mine would be operated by a contract miner
but the associated mill by Geodome.
    Geodome said a new ore zone discovered last summer is not
included in reserve calculations. It said eight of the nine
holes drilled there have an average grade of 0.046 ounce of
gold and 2.1 ounces of silver per ton.
    Also excluded are reserves of 1,400,000 tons of low-grade
material that could be milled profitably at 425 dlrs a ton for
gold. The feasibility study used a 350 dlr gold price.
    Geodome said operating costs of the mine will average 201
dlr per ounce of gold for the mine life and 171 dlrs for the
first three years, in constant dollars.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7775>
&lt;Houston Metals Corp> said the
the first phase of the underground rehabilitation, extensive
drilling and bulk sampling program at its Silver Queen Mine has
yielded positive results.
    Houston said representative assays from the 2,750 ft and
2,600 ft levels at the south end of the mine established ore
deposits in the following ranges: copper, 3.7 pct to 5.08 pct,
lead .99 pct to 1.5 pct, zinc six pct to 9.6 pct, silver 15.63
pct to 79.92 oz per ton, gold .062 to .19 oz per ton, germanium
93 to 103 grams per ton, gallium five to 18 grams per ton.
    In addition, Houston Metals said the weighted average of 25
diamond-drilled holes 375 ft below the 2,600 foot level and 800
ft along the strike assayed gold at .237 oz per ton, silver at
10.91 oz per ton and zinc at 8.99 pct.
    An apparent parallel vein structure at the 2,600 ft level
returned similar values, the company said.
    It added that preliminary metallurgical tests from
representative bulk ore samples indicate the commercial
feasability of producing a zinc and a copper-lead concentrate.
    Houston Metals said gold, silver and the base metals have
recoveries of 90 pct to 95 pct, with 95 pct of gold recovered
from better gold ores, while gallium, germanium and indium have
recoveries of between 66 pct to 82 pct and are included in the
zinc concentrate.
    The company's 1987 program of diamond drilling, underground
drifting and metallurgical evaluation is scheduled to start on
April.
    Houston Metals said it has a 60 pct interest in the Silver
Queen mines.
    It added that funds for the program have been provided by
First Exploration Fund, a Canadian limited partnership
sponsored by Merrill Lynch Canada Inc and Dominion Securities
Inc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8854>
Hecla Mining Co said it
has agreed to purchase a 28 pct interest in the Greens Creek
Joint Venture from British Petroleum Co PLC's Amselco Minerals
Inc unit.
    The venture expects to bring into production a
gold-silver-lead-zinc ore body on Admiralty Island, Alaska,
containing about 3,500,000 short tons of ore assaying about
0.18 ounce of gold, 24.0 ounces of silver, 9.7 pct zinc and 3.9
pct zinc per short ton, Hecla said.  It said there is
significant potential for the discovery of additional ore.
    Hecla said initial production from a trackless underground
mine is scheduled for late 1988 at a rate of about 1,000 tons
or ore per day.  "At this rate, the Greens Creek mine will be
the largest domestic silver mine and is expected to be one of
the lowest cost producers."
    The company said it estimates its total investment in the
project, including its share of preproduction costs, at about
45 mln dlrs, to be funded through internally generated cash and
existing lines of credit.  It said Amselco will retain a
majority interest in the project.  Other interest holders are
CSX Corp &lt;CSX> and &lt;Exaias Resources Corp>.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8877>
Hecla Minging Co said it
has agreed to purchase a 28 pct interest in the Greens Creek
Joint Venture from British Petroleum Co PLC's &lt;BP> Amselco
Minerals Inc unit.
    The venture expects to bring into production a
gold-silver-lead-zinc ore body on Admiralty Island, Alaska,
containing about 3,500,000 short tons of ore assaying about
0.18 ounce of gold, 24.0 ounces of silver, 9.7 pct zinc and 3.9
pct lead per short ton, Hecla said.  It said there is
significant potential for the discovery of additional ore.
    Corrects last assay result to lead from zinc.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9195>
The West German Cabinet approved a plan to
mint a special 10-mark coin commemorating the 30th anniversary
of the European Community this year.
    The silver-copper alloy coin will be minted in an edition
of 8.35 mln, a Finance Ministry statement said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
