<BODY DOCID=6>
Argentine grain board figures show
crop registrations of grains, oilseeds and their products to
February 11, in thousands of tonnes, showing those for futurE
shipments month, 1986/87 total and 1985/86 total to February
12, 1986, in brackets:
    Bread wheat prev 1,655.8, Feb 872.0, March 164.6, total
2,692.4 (4,161.0).
    Maize Mar 48.0, total 48.0 (nil).
    Sorghum nil (nil)
    Oilseed export registrations were:
    Sunflowerseed total 15.0 (7.9)
    Soybean May 20.0, total 20.0 (nil)
    The board also detailed export registrations for
subproducts, as follows,
    SUBPRODUCTS
    Wheat prev 39.9, Feb 48.7, March 13.2, Apr 10.0, total
111.8 (82.7) .
    Linseed prev 34.8, Feb 32.9, Mar 6.8, Apr 6.3, total 80.8
(87.4).
    Soybean prev 100.9, Feb 45.1, MAr nil, Apr nil, May 20.0,
total 166.1 (218.5).
    Sunflowerseed prev 48.6, Feb 61.5, Mar 25.1, Apr 14.5,
total 149.8 (145.3).
    Vegetable oil registrations were :         
    Sunoil prev 37.4, Feb 107.3, Mar 24.5, Apr 3.2, May nil,
Jun 10.0, total 182.4 (117.6).                  
    Linoil prev 15.9, Feb 23.6, Mar 20.4, Apr 2.0, total 61.8,
(76.1).                         
    Soybean oil prev 3.7, Feb 21.1, Mar nil, Apr 2.0, May 9.0,
Jun 13.0, Jul 7.0, total 55.8 (33.7).        REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=200>
The sharp decline in soybean crush ratios
seen in the last few weeks, accelerating in recent days, has
pushed margins below the cost of production at most soybean
processing plants and prompted many to cut output of soybean
meal and oil.
    The weekly U.S. soybean crush rate was reported by the
National Soybean Processors Association this afternoon at 21.78
mln bushels, down from the 22 mln bushel plus rate seen over
the past two months when crush margins surged to the best
levels seen in over a year.
    Active soymeal export loadings at the Gulf had pushed
soybean futures and premiums higher, prompting a pick-up in the
weekly crush number.
    However, much of that export demand seems to have been met,
with most foreign meal users now waiting for the expected surge
in shipments of new crop South American soymeal over the next
few months.
    U.S. processors are now finding domestic livestock feed
demand is very light for this time of year due to the milder
than normal winter, so they steadily dropped offering prices in
an attempt to find buying interest, soyproduct dealers said.
    Soybean meal futures have also steadily declined in recent
weeks, setting a new contract low of 139.70 dlrs per ton in the
nearby March contract today.
    "Many speculators down here bought March soymeal and sold
May, looking for no deliveries (on first notice day tomorrow,
which would cause March to gain on deferreds)," one CBT crush
trader said.
    "But they've been bailing out this week because the March
has been acting like there will be a lot delivered, if not
tomorrow, then later in the month," he added.
    As a result of the weakness in soymeal, the March crush
ratio (The value of soyproducts less the cost of the soybeans)
fell from the mid 30s earlier this month to 22.6 cents per
bushel today, dropping over five cents in just the last two
days.
    The May crush ended today just over 17 cents, so no
processors will want to lock in a ratio at that unprofitable
level, the trader said. Hopefully, they will now start to cut
back production to get supplies in line with demand, he added.
    With futures down, processors are finding they must bid
premiums for cash soybeans, further reducing crush margins.
    A central Illinois processor is only making about 30 cents
for every bushel of soybeans crushed at current prices, down
sharply from levels just seen just a few weeks ago and below
the average cost of production, cash dealers said.
    Most soybean processing plants are still in operation, with
little talk of taking temporary down-time, so far. But
processors will start halting production in the next few weeks
it they continue to face unprofitable margins, they added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=313>
and oil-bearing
raw materials, fats and oils rose to 2.16 mln tonnes on a
fat/oil basis in 1986 from 2.12 mln tonnes in 1985, the
Commodity Board for Margarine, Fats and Oils said.
    Exports of the same commodities fell to 1.35 mln tonnes
from 1.38 mln on a fat-oil basis.
    Fat- and oil-bearing raw materials imports rose to 760,000
from 709,200 tonnes on a fat/oil basis and to 3.47 mln tonnes
actual weight from 3.32 mln.
    Soyabeans were the main component, with imports rising to
2.82 mln tonnes actual weight from 2.75 mln. Sunflowerseed
imports fell to 308,200 from 342,900 tonnes while rapeseed
imports rose to 292,000 from 201,400 tonnes.
    Exports of fat- and oil-bearing raw materials rose to
28,700 tonnes from 19,800 on a fat/oil basis and to 137,200
from 89,900 tonnes actual weight.
    Soyabean exports rose to 119,400 tonnes actual weight from
73,200 tonnes.
    Imports of vegetable fats, including palm oil, rose to
445,400 tonnes from 362,500 and exports to 151,500 from
139,800.
    Vegetable oil imports fell to 227,500 tonnes in 1986 from
286,300 in 1985, and exports to 661,400 from 683,400 tonnes.
    Soyabean oil imports were 32,000 (48,200), sunflower oil
61,600 (92,800), rape oil 82,900 (94,900) and groundnut oil
9,300 (12,200). Exports of soybean oil were 325,900 (338,800),
sun oil 172,100 (189,800), rape oil 114,300 (103,400) and
groundnut oil 7,000 (10,400).
    Animal fat imports rose to 371,700 from 345,800 tonnes and
exports to 124,100 tonnes from 113,000. Fishoil imports fell to
190,600 from 265,600 and exports to 56,500 from 85,500 tonnes.
 reuter...
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=833>
U.S. trade representative Clayton
Yeutter today said that if the European Community's Council of
Ministers approves a tax on vegetable oils and fats, another
major transatlantic trade row will erupt over agriculture.
    In a statement issued by the trade representative's office
following a speech to the American Soybean Association's board
of directors, Yeutter said the proposed tax would have a severe
impact on American soybean farmers, who export some 2.4 billion
dlrs in soybeans and products annually to the EC.
    "This is an unacceptable situation for us and its
(vegetable oils tax) enactment would leave us no choice but to
vigorously protect our trade rights and defend our access to
the European market," Yeutter said.
    Yeutter said the proposed vegetable oils tax would violate
EC obligations under the GATT.
    He said the effect of the tax would be to double the price
of soyoil produced from imported soybeans, making margarine
made from soyoil more expensive than tallow-based margarine,
and closer in price to expensive European butter.
    "I am astonished that the EC commission would propose such
a provocative measure so soon after we successfully resolved
the agricultural dispute over the enlargement of the EC to
include Spain and Portugal," Yeutter said.
    "It serves no purpose to embark on another confrontational
course before the recent wounds have healed and as we are
beginning to make progress on the Uruaguay round (of global
trade talks)," he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10175>
Corn sales of 2,806,300 tonnes in
the week ended March 19 were the highest level since
mid-November, 1979, the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    The department said the USSR dominated the week's activity
with purchases of 1.4 mln tonnes (which were earlier reported
under the daily reporting system). Other large increaes were
posted for Japan and unknown destinations, it said.
    Taiwan purchased 296,300 tonnes for the 1986/87 season and
170,000 tonnes for the 1987/88 season, it said.
    Wheat sales of 317,200 tonnes for the current season and
125,000 tonnes for the 1987/88 season were down about one-third
from the preceding week and the four-week average.
    Wheat sales to China of 60,000 tonnes were switched from
1986/87 to the 1987/88 season, it noted.
    Soybean sales of 483,100 tonnes were 11 pct above the prior
week and two-thirds above the four-week average.
    Japan, the Netherlands, Mexico and Portugal were the main
buyers, the department said.
    Soybean cake and meal sales of 289,400 tonnes were
two-thirds above the previous week and the largest of the
marketing year, with Venezuela the dominant purchaser.
    Sales activity in soybean oil resulted in decreases of
4,400 tonnes, as reductions for unknown destinations more than
offset increases for Canada, the Dominican Republic and Panama,
the department said.
    Cotton sales of 57,900 running bales -- 43,800 bales for
the current year and 14,200 bales for the 1987/88 season --
were off 25 pct from the previous week and 50 pct from the
four-week average.
    Turkey, Thailand, South Korea and Canada were the major
buyers for the current season, while Thailand, Britain and
Japan were the major purchasers from the upcoming season, the
department said.
     Sorghum sales of 178,800 tonnes were two-thirds above the
prior week and 75 pct over the four-week average.
    Venezuela was the leading buyer it said.
    Sales of 41,800 tonnes of barley were 10 times the previous
week and 10 pct greater than  the four-week average. Israel,
Cyprus and Saudi Arabia were the main buyers, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12425>
Two days of talks between management and
unions to try to end the 3-1/2 month labour dispute at Cargill
U.K. Ltd's oilseed crushing plant at Seaforth ended yesterday
without resolving the situation, a company spokesman said.
    Fresh talks are expected to be held early next week but the
actual date has not yet been fixed, he added.
    Oilseed processing at the mill has been at a standstill
since December 19 and the company has declared force majeure
for deliveries of soymeal and soyoil ahead to May.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12786>
The Indian State Trading Corporation
(STC) bought 20,000 tonnes of optional origin soybean oil and
6,000 tonnes of rbd palm olein at its import tender yesterday,
traders said.
    Pakistan, however, rejected offers at its tender for 12,000
tonnes of rbd palm oil, but is expected to reenter the market
next week, they said.
    The STC soyoil purchase was for May 20/Jun 20 shipment at
319 dlrs per tonne cif and the palm olein for Apr 25/May 25
shipment at 355 dlrs per tonne.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13173>
The Argentine Grain Board adjusted
minimum export prices of grain and oilseed products in dlrs per
tonne FOB, previous in brackets, as follows:
    Maize 71 (72), grain sorghum 65 (66).      
    Roasted groundnutseed, according to grain size, 510 (520),
400 (410), 375 (385), 355 (365).               
    Soybean pellets for shipments through May 164 (162) and
June onwards 161 (159).
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13179>
Grain and oilseed complex export
business reported since yesterday by government agencies and
private exporters -
    Japanese crushers bought 4,000 to 5,000 tonnes of Canadian
rapeseed in export business overnight for May shipment...Greece
has agreed to buy 27,000 to 33,000 tonnes of Spanish corn for
spot shipment, with Italy buying 6,000 to 7,000 tonnes of
Spanish corn for last/half April shipment, a spokesman for
cargill's spanish unit said...Taiwan bought 54,000 tonnes of
U.S. soybeans for April 20/May 5 delivery C and F...
    (Continued) - The India State Trading Corp bought 20,000
tonnes of optional origin soybean oil for May 20/June 20
shipment and 6,000 tonnes of RBD palm olein for April 25/May 25
shipment at its import tender yesterday...Pakistan rejected
offers at its tender for 12,000 tonnes of RBD palm oil, but is
expected to retender next week...The U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) said it has accepted a bid for an export
bonus to cover the sale of 50,000 tonnes of U.S. hard red
winter wehat to Sri Lanka for April 8/16 shipment, with an
additional 10,000 tonnes of wheat still available to Sri Lanka
under the Export Enhancement Program (EEP)...
    (Continued) - The USDA said it has accepted a bid for an
export bonus to cover the sale of 18,000 tonnes of U.S. durum
wheat to Algeria for June 20/30 shipment, with an additional
228,000 tonnes still available to Algeria under the EEP.
    Tenders - Jordan will tender Monday, April 6, for 225,000
tonnes of U.S. hard and soft wheats for various April/Nov
shipments under the EEP.
    Market talk and comment - The USDA said Turkey has been
made eligible for the sale of up to 70,000 tonnes of medium
grain milled rice under the EEP...
    Market talk and comment (continued) - The USDA announced
Colombia has been made eligible for sale of up to 15,000 tonnes
of U.S. barley malt under the EEP...The Canadian Grain
Commission reported Canadian wheat exports in the week ended
March 29 totalled 447,200 tonnes, compared with 277,700 the
previous week, with 1986/87 season exports so far up to
10,228,600 tonnes versus 10,637,500 for the 1985/86 season,
with barley exports 38,800 tonnes, 106,700 tonnes, 4,804,500
and 1,892,600 respectively, rapeseed 43,900 tonnes, 50,700
tonnes, 1,292,600 and 920,000 respectively and flaxseed 20,700
tonnes, 13,600 tonens, 450,900 and 392,600 respectively...
    Market talk and comment (continued) - Pakistan is not
emerging as a major wheat exporter as World market prospects
are not good enough, a government official said...Active
timecharter fixing by Soviet operators to cover USSR grain
imprts featured the ocean freight market this morning, ship
brokers said...Dry cargo futures on the BIFFEX extended
yesterday's strong advance, with sharp gains of 22 to 17 points
in response to rumors of higher rates for grain business from
the U.S. Gulf to Japan, dealers said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13915>
China's soybean crop this year is
forecast at 11.5 mln tonnes, down slightly from 11.55 mln
estiamted for last year, the U.S. Agriculture Department's
officer in Peking said in a field report.
    The report, dated April 2, said Chinese imports this year
are projected at 300,000 tonnes unchanged from last year's
level.
    Exports are forecast to increase to 1.0 mln tonnes from
800,000 tonnes exported last year, the report said.
    Imports of soybean oil are estimated at 200,000 tonnes,
also unchanged from last year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2456>
Corn sales gained 2,494,900 tonnes in
the week ended February 26, the highest weekly total since
August 1984 and two and three-quarter times the prior week's
level, the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    In comments on its Export Sales Report, the department said
sales of 1.0 mln tonnes to the USSR -- previously reported
under the daily reporting system -- were the first sales for
delivery to the USSR under the fourth year of the U.S.-USSR
Grains Supply Agreement, which began October 1.
    Japan added 689,700 tonnes to previous purchases and sales
to unknown destinations rose by 429,800 tonnes.
    Wheat sales of 362,400 tonnes for the current season and
151,000 for the 1987/88 season were down by more than half from
the previous week's combined sales, it said.
    Egypt, Japan and Iraq were the major wheat buyers for
delivery in the current year, while sales to China decreased by
30,000 tonnes for the current season, but increased by 90,000
tonnes for the 1987/88 season, which begins June 1.
    Net sales of soybeans totalling 274,200 tonnes equaled the
preceding week, but were nearly a third below the four week
average. Major increases were for Belgium, South Korea, Mexico
and Italy, it said.
    Soybean cake and meal sales of 103,700 tonnes were 2-3/4
times the previous week's marketing year low, but six pct less
than the four week average.
    Major increases for West Germany, Belgium, Spain, Italy and
Australia were partially offset by declines to unknown
destinations.
    Soybean oil sales of 5,400 tonnes were the result of
increases for Venezuela and reductions of 500 tonnes for
unknown destinations.
    Combined sales activity in cotton of 75,200 running bales
-- 44,700 bales for the current year and 30,500 bales for the
1987/88  bales -- were 56 pct below the prior week's good
showing, the department said.
    Major purchasers for the current season were South Korea,
Japan, Taiwan and Thailand, while South Korea and Indonesia
were the major buyers for the 1987/88 season, which begins
August 1.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5142>
Bangladesh floated an international
tender for the purchase of 10,000 tonnes of refined soyabean
oil for delivery at Chittagong/Chalna port by April 24, Food
Ministry officials said.
    The tender closes March 28 at 0500 GMT.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5791>
U.S. Agriculture Secretary
Richard Lyng warned the European Community yesterday it will
face serious retaliation if it enacts a new tax on products
such as U.S. Soybean oil.
    Speaking at a news conference before a scheduled speech,
Lyng said he did not think the tax, which is still in the
discussion stage, would be approved.
    He said the U.S. Would take serious retaliatory action
because if implemented, the tax would have a considerable
impact on U.S. Farmers.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6994>
The European Community (EC) farmers'
and farm cooperatives lobbies, Copa and Cogeca, have backed the
EC Commission plan for an oils and fats price stabilisation
mechanism, claiming it would not harm consumers.
    In a letter to Belgian Foreign Minister Leo Tindemans,
current president of the EC Council of Ministers, they said the
mechanism, often referred to as a tax, would in fact subsidise
oils and fats prices in the EC under some circumstances.
    This would have been the case in May 1984, when soya oil
prices cif Rotterdam stood at 914 dlrs a tonne, they noted.
    If such price stabilisation is not implemented, EC farmers
should not be the ones to suffer through their prices and
incomes from the financial consequences, the letter, made
available to journalists, said.
    Under the Commission proposal the mechanism would initially
result in a tax of 330 Ecus a tonne on both imported and EC
produced oils and marine fats.
    The mechanism would provide for this tax to be reduced, and
possibly to become a subsidy, as world soya oil prices rose
from present levels.
 REUTER
</BODY>
