<BODY DOCID=69>
Reporting members of the National
Soybean Processors Association (NSPA) crushed 21,782,929
bushels of soybeans in the week ended Feb 25 compared with
22,345,718 bushels in the previous week and 16,568,000 in the
year-ago week, the association said.
    It said total crushing capacity for members was 25,873,904
bushels vs 25,873,904 last week and 25,459,238 bushels last
year.
    NSPA also said U.S. soybean meal exports in the week were
117,866 tonnes vs 121,168 tonnes a week ago and compared with
84,250 tonnes in the year-ago week.
    NSPA said the figures include only NSPA member firms.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=200>
The sharp decline in soybean crush ratios
seen in the last few weeks, accelerating in recent days, has
pushed margins below the cost of production at most soybean
processing plants and prompted many to cut output of soybean
meal and oil.
    The weekly U.S. soybean crush rate was reported by the
National Soybean Processors Association this afternoon at 21.78
mln bushels, down from the 22 mln bushel plus rate seen over
the past two months when crush margins surged to the best
levels seen in over a year.
    Active soymeal export loadings at the Gulf had pushed
soybean futures and premiums higher, prompting a pick-up in the
weekly crush number.
    However, much of that export demand seems to have been met,
with most foreign meal users now waiting for the expected surge
in shipments of new crop South American soymeal over the next
few months.
    U.S. processors are now finding domestic livestock feed
demand is very light for this time of year due to the milder
than normal winter, so they steadily dropped offering prices in
an attempt to find buying interest, soyproduct dealers said.
    Soybean meal futures have also steadily declined in recent
weeks, setting a new contract low of 139.70 dlrs per ton in the
nearby March contract today.
    "Many speculators down here bought March soymeal and sold
May, looking for no deliveries (on first notice day tomorrow,
which would cause March to gain on deferreds)," one CBT crush
trader said.
    "But they've been bailing out this week because the March
has been acting like there will be a lot delivered, if not
tomorrow, then later in the month," he added.
    As a result of the weakness in soymeal, the March crush
ratio (The value of soyproducts less the cost of the soybeans)
fell from the mid 30s earlier this month to 22.6 cents per
bushel today, dropping over five cents in just the last two
days.
    The May crush ended today just over 17 cents, so no
processors will want to lock in a ratio at that unprofitable
level, the trader said. Hopefully, they will now start to cut
back production to get supplies in line with demand, he added.
    With futures down, processors are finding they must bid
premiums for cash soybeans, further reducing crush margins.
    A central Illinois processor is only making about 30 cents
for every bushel of soybeans crushed at current prices, down
sharply from levels just seen just a few weeks ago and below
the average cost of production, cash dealers said.
    Most soybean processing plants are still in operation, with
little talk of taking temporary down-time, so far. But
processors will start halting production in the next few weeks
it they continue to face unprofitable margins, they added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=235>
Indonesia"s agriculture sector will grow
by just 1.0 pct in calendar 1987, against an estimated 2.4 pct
in 1986 as the production of some commodities stagnates or
declines, the U.S. Embassy said in a report.
    Production of Indonesia"s staple food, rice, is forecast to
fall to around 26.3 mln tonnes from an embassy estimate of
26.58 mln tonnes in 1986, according to the annual report on
Indonesia"s agricultural performance.
    The government officially estimates 1986 rice production at
26.7 mln tonnes, with a forecast 27.3 mln tonnes output in
1987.
    The report says wheat imports are likely to fall to 1.5 mln
tonnes in calendar 1987 from 1.69 mln tonnes in 1986 because of
a drawdown on stocks.
    "Growth prospects for agriculture in 1987 do not look
promising as rice production is forecast to decline and the
production of sugarcane, rubber and copra show little or no
gain," the report says.
    "The modest overall increase which is expected will be due
to significant gains in production of corn soybeans, palm oil
and palm kernels."
    Constraints to significant overall increases in
agricultural output include a shortage of disease resistant
seeds, limited fertile land, insect pests and a reluctance by
farmers to shift from rice production to other crops, the
report underlines.
    The fall in rice production is caused by an outbreak of
pests known as "wereng" or brown plant hoppers in 1986 which
largely offset gains in yields.
    The outbreak has forced the government to ban the use of 57
insecticides on rice because it was believed the wereng are now
resistant to these varieties, and to use lower-yielding, more
resistant rice types.
    The government is depending on increased production of
export commodities such as coffee, tea, rubber, plywood and
palm oil to offset revenue losses brought on by falling crude
oil prices.
    Palm oil production is expected to increase by over 7.0 pct
in 1987 to 1.45 mln tonnes from 1.35 mln, with exports rising
to an estimated 720,000 tonnes from 695,000 tonnes in 1986, the
report says.
    But while production of soybeans in 1987/88 (Oct-Sept) will
rise to 1.075 mln tonnes from 980,000 in 1986/87, imports will
also rise to supply a new soybean crushing plant.
    The report says that imports of wheat, soybeans, soybean
meal and cotton are not likely to decline as a result of last
September"s 31 pct devaluation of the rupiah because of a rise
in domestic demand.
    The report said that Indonesia"s overall economic
performance in calendar 1986 was about zero or even a slight
negative growth rate, the lowest rate of growth since the
mid-1960s. It compares with 1.9 pct growth in 1985 and 6.7 pct
in 1984.
    The dramatic fall in oil prices last year was responsible
for the slump.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=303>
Soybean imports are forecast to rise to
425,000 tonnes in 1987/88 (October/September) from an estimated
300,000 in 1986/87 and 375,000 in 1985/86, the U.S. Embassy
said in its annual report on Indonesia's agriculture.
    It said Indonesia did not achieve its goal of
self-sufficiency in soybean output in calendar 1986 because it
did not meet a planned increase in area planted and because
yields have remained below target.
    Soybean meal imports are forecast to fall to around 190,000
tonnes in 1987/88 from 270,000 tonnes in 1986/87 and 295,000
tonnes in 1985/86.
    Domestic soybean production is forecast to rise steadily to
1.08 mln tonnes in 1987/88 from 980,000 in the current year and
890,000 in 1985/86, the report said.
    Imports are forecast to fall in the current year but to
rise in 1987/88 because of a new soybean crushing plant due to
come on stream in early 1988.
    China is the main supplier with a 79 pct share, while the
U.S. Provides the rest, it said.
    "This pattern will likely continue during 1986/87 since
domestic soyfood processors prefer Chinese beans and are
willing to pay a premium for them," it said.
    Area planted is expected to increase by 10 pct in both
1986/87 and 1987/88.
    "Yield increases continue to be hampered by an insufficient
supply of quality seeds, along with pest and disease problems,"
the report said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=327>
Dutch animal feed usage in the first
half of the current season from July through December 1986 fell
7.6 pct to 6.5 mln tonnes from 7.1 mln in the same period of
1985, figures in the latest newsletter from the co-operative
Cebeco-Handelsraad show.
    Tapioca usage fell 9.1 pct to 1.4 mln tonnes from 1.6 mln
in the first half of the 1985/86 season.
    Grain usage fell 6.1 pct to 1.1 mln tonnes from 1.2 mln,
while soymeal usage fell 10 pct to 967,000 tonnes from 1.1 mln.
    Cornglutenfeed usage fell 17.8 pct to 729,000 tonnes from
887,000, but cornfeedmeal usage nearly doubled to 399,000
tonnes from 201,000.
    Citruspulp usage dropped 62.8 pct to 149,000 tonnes from
400,000 tonnes, while rapeseed and meal usage rose 9.6 pct to
217,000 tonnes from 198,000 and sunmeal rose 25.6 pct to
216,000 tonnes from 172,000 tonnes.
    During the whole of the season from July 1985 to June 1986,
Dutch soymeal usage fell 12 pct to 1.9 mln tonnes from 2.1 mln
the previous season, while sunmeal usage rose 25 pct to 408,000
tonnes from 325,000.
    Rapeseed and meal usage during the season also rose 14 pct
to 409,000 tonnes from 360,000, but citruspulp fell 37 pct to
516,000 tonnes from 826,000.
    Meanwhile, the value of exports of agricultural products
from the Netherlands in calendar 1986 fell 5.4 pct to 48.7
billion guilders from 51.5 billion in calendar 1985, figures
from the Ministry of Agriculture show.
    During the same period imports of agricultural products
dropped 13.1 pct to 31.2 billion guilders from 35.8 billion.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1215>
Soviet imports of soymeal may reach or
exceed one mln tonnes between January and September this year,
the Oil World newsletter said.
    Oil World said it was likely the Soviet Union would reduce
soybean imports and step up significantly its imports of meal.
    At least 500,000 tonnes of soymeal may be shipped from the
European Community and South America in the January/March
quarter, with additional large quantities likely to be imported
in the April and July quarters from Argentina and Brazil, it
said. No figures were given for imports in the corresponding
periods of 1986.
    The change made sense in view of the recent purchases of
probably 250,000 tonnes of West European and Polish rapeseed
and large scale butter imports that were expected from March
onward, it said.
    Oil World said substantial losses of Soviet winter grain
area due to recent severe frosts were probably behind the
recent pick-up in Soviet purchases of U.S. Corn.
    It noted that an additional one mln tonnes of U.S. Corn had
been bought recently by the Soviet Union.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1970>
Traded volumes for U.K. Grain and potato
futures in February were down on the previous month while
pigmeat and pig cash settlement futures were higher, official
figures show.
    Combined wheat and barley futures trade declined to 892,700
tonnes from 1.19 mln in January, and the value fell to 97 mln
stg from 129 mln, Grain and Feed Trade Association (GAFTA)
figures show.
    A total of 984,960 tonnes were registered for main crop
potato futures in February valued at 157 mln stg, versus
992,760 and 164 mln stg in January.
    Soymeal futures trade totalled 76,340 tonnes against 90,680
in January, and value declined to nine mln stg from 10 mln.
    Nine pigmeat contracts were traded in February, six more
than in the previous month, representing 450 carcases against
150, valued at 29,347 stg against 9,847 stg.
    Pig cash settlement futures saw 201 contracts traded,
against 19 in January, and the value rose to 659,864 stg from
119,610 stg.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12361>
The Argentine grain board adjusted
minimum export prices of grain and oilseed products in dlrs per
tonne FOB, previous in brackets, as follows:
    Sunflowerseed cake and expellers 99 (97), pellets 97 (95)
and meal 95 (93).                               
    Sunflowerseed oil for shipments through May 308 (300) and
June onwards 314 (307).                         
    Linseed cake and expellers 137 (136), pellets 115 (114) and
meal 105 (104), all for shipments through June. 
    Linseed cake and expellers 146 (145), pellets 124 (123) and
meal 114 (113), all for shipments July onwards.
    Soybean cake and expellers 169 (167), pellets 162 (160) and
meal 152 (150), all for shipments through May.  
    Soybean cake and expellers 166 (164), pellets 159 (157) and
meal 149 (147), all for shipments June onwards.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12425>
Two days of talks between management and
unions to try to end the 3-1/2 month labour dispute at Cargill
U.K. Ltd's oilseed crushing plant at Seaforth ended yesterday
without resolving the situation, a company spokesman said.
    Fresh talks are expected to be held early next week but the
actual date has not yet been fixed, he added.
    Oilseed processing at the mill has been at a standstill
since December 19 and the company has declared force majeure
for deliveries of soymeal and soyoil ahead to May.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12753>
Meals and feed on a cif Rotterdam
basis opened quietly this morning with mixed to slighlty firmer
seller indications compared with yesterday's midday levels,
market sources said.
    Early buying interest was low despite a weaker dollar
against European currencies, they added. No trades were
reported so far.
    US soymeal indicated between unchanged and one dlr a tonne
lower compared with yesterday. Brazilian soymeal pellets were
offered between one dlr lower and one higher, while Argentines
indicated up to two dlrs a tonne higher than yesterday.
    Cornglutenfeed pellets were indicated between unchanged and
one dlr lower, while citruspulp pellets were offered at
slightly firmer levels compared with yesterday midday.
    Seller indications for sunmeal pellets were between one dlr
higher and 0.50 dlrs lower than yesterday, while linseed
expellers were up to two dlrs above yesterday's midday levels.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12787>
Dutch soymeal imports fell
to 75,500 tonnes in January from 97,070 in December and 120,228
in January 1986, Central Bureau of Statistics figures show.
    The U.S. Was the largest supplier in January with 38,760
tonnes, down from 46,899 in December and 63,111 in January
1986.
    Brazil supplied 1,263 tonnes in January, down from 7,411 in
December and 27,088 in January 1986.
    Dutch imports of Argentine soymeal in January were 34,663
tonnes, down from 41,365 tonnes in December but above the
13,375 tonnes in the year ago month.
    Total Dutch exports of soymeal in January were 128,015
tonnes, down from 133,559 tonnes in December and 155,050
exported in January 1986.
    European Community countries were the main destinations for
Dutch soymeal exports with 102,355 tonnes compared with 124,026
in December and 116,080 in January 1986.
    Among third country destinations, the Soviet Union was the
largest costumer in January, taking 11,985 tonnes compared with
nil in December and 26,074 tonnes in January 1986.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2456>
Corn sales gained 2,494,900 tonnes in
the week ended February 26, the highest weekly total since
August 1984 and two and three-quarter times the prior week's
level, the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    In comments on its Export Sales Report, the department said
sales of 1.0 mln tonnes to the USSR -- previously reported
under the daily reporting system -- were the first sales for
delivery to the USSR under the fourth year of the U.S.-USSR
Grains Supply Agreement, which began October 1.
    Japan added 689,700 tonnes to previous purchases and sales
to unknown destinations rose by 429,800 tonnes.
    Wheat sales of 362,400 tonnes for the current season and
151,000 for the 1987/88 season were down by more than half from
the previous week's combined sales, it said.
    Egypt, Japan and Iraq were the major wheat buyers for
delivery in the current year, while sales to China decreased by
30,000 tonnes for the current season, but increased by 90,000
tonnes for the 1987/88 season, which begins June 1.
    Net sales of soybeans totalling 274,200 tonnes equaled the
preceding week, but were nearly a third below the four week
average. Major increases were for Belgium, South Korea, Mexico
and Italy, it said.
    Soybean cake and meal sales of 103,700 tonnes were 2-3/4
times the previous week's marketing year low, but six pct less
than the four week average.
    Major increases for West Germany, Belgium, Spain, Italy and
Australia were partially offset by declines to unknown
destinations.
    Soybean oil sales of 5,400 tonnes were the result of
increases for Venezuela and reductions of 500 tonnes for
unknown destinations.
    Combined sales activity in cotton of 75,200 running bales
-- 44,700 bales for the current year and 30,500 bales for the
1987/88  bales -- were 56 pct below the prior week's good
showing, the department said.
    Major purchasers for the current season were South Korea,
Japan, Taiwan and Thailand, while South Korea and Indonesia
were the major buyers for the 1987/88 season, which begins
August 1.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3084>
Three London markets which trade potato,
soymeal and meat futures said they will merge to form a new
Agricultural Futures Exchange.
    Legal advisers have been instructed to implement the
amalgamation of the London Potato Futures Association, LPFA,
the London Meat Futures Exchange, LMFE, and the Grain and Feed
Trade Association's, GAFTA, Soya Bean Meal Futures Association,
SOMFA. No timetable was given.
    Members of the three exchanges have been consulted,
Agricultural Futures Exchange secretary Bill Englebright told
Reuters, and no objections have been raised to the merger.
    Three markets are involved at present but the new exchange
could ultimately combine five markets.
    Discussions are taking place with the Baltic International
Freight Futures Exchange, BIFFEX, and the GAFTA London Grain
Futures Market is considering the possibility of joining the
other markets, market officials said.
    The BIFFEX board is expected to reach a decision on the
merger at its meeting at the end of this month, after members
are consulted at a meeting on March 16.
    The grain futures market also intends to consult its
members soon, GAFTA director general James Mackie said.
    The aim of the amalgamation is to limit regulatory and
administrative costs and achieve the recognition required under
the 1986 Financial Services Act. This legislation requires a
futures market to become a Recognised Investment Exchange, RIE,
for trading to continue.
    Representatives of all the futures markets on the Baltic
Exchange have been discussing the possibility of a single RIE
structure since the beginning of the year.
    The new exchange now planned will apply to the Securities
and Investments Board for recognition as an RIE "at the
appropriate time," the Agricultural Futures Exchange said.
    "This commitment by the markets will enable progress to be
made to develop a stronger and more effective exchange to the
benefit of all those involved in the industry," the chairman of
the formation committee, Pat Elmer, said.
    The merged markets will remain at the Baltic Exchange.
 Reuter
</BODY>
