<BODY DOCID=46>
Sugar imports subject to the U.S.
sugar import quota during the week ended January 9, the initial
week of the 1987 sugar quota year, totaled 5,988 short tons
versus 46,254 tons the previous week, the Agriculture
Department said.
    The sugar import quota for the 1987 quota year
(January-December) has been set at 1,001,430 short tons
compared with 1,850,000 tons in the 1986 quota year, which was
extended three months to December 31.
    The department said the Customs Service has reported that
weekly and cumulative imports are reported on an actual weight
basis and when final polarizations are received, cumulative
import data are adjusted accordingly.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=105>
The U.S. Agriculture Department said
cumulative sugar imports from individual countries during the
1987 quota year, which began January 1, 1987 and ends December
31, 1987 were as follows, with quota allocations for the quota
year in short tons, raw value --
            CUMULATIVE     QUOTA 1987
              IMPORTS     ALLOCATIONS
 ARGENTINA        nil          39,130
 AUSTRALIA        nil          75,530
 BARBADOS         nil           7,500
 BELIZE           nil          10,010
 BOLIVIA          nil           7,500
 BRAZIL           nil         131,950
 CANADA           nil          18,876
                           QUOTA 1987
              IMPORTS     ALLOCATIONS
 COLOMBIA         103          21,840
 CONGO            nil           7,599
 COSTA RICA       nil          17,583
 IVORY COAST      nil           7,500
 DOM REP        5,848         160,160
 ECUADOR          nil          10,010
 EL SALVADOR      nil          26,019.8
 FIJI             nil          25,190
 GABON            nil           7,500
                           QUOTA 1987
              IMPORTS     ALLOCATIONS
 GUATEMALA        nil          43,680
 GUYANA           nil          10,920
 HAITI            nil           7,500
 HONDURAS         nil          15,917.2
 INDIA            nil           7,500
 JAMAICA          nil          10,010
 MADAGASCAR       nil           7,500
 MALAWI           nil           9,,100
                           QUOTA 1987
               IMPORTS    ALLOCATIONS
 MAURITIUS         nil         10,920
 MEXICO             37          7,500
 MOZAMBIQUE        nil         11,830
 PANAMA            nil         26,390
 PAPUA NEW GUINEA  nil          7,500
 PARAGUAY          nil          7,500
 PERU              nil         37,310
 PHILIPPINES       nil        143,780
 ST.CHRISTOPHER-
 NEVIS             nil          7,500
                          QUOTA 1987
                IMPORTS  ALLOCATIONS
 SWAZILAND          nil         14,560
 TAIWAN             nil         10,920
 THAILAND           nil         12,740
 TRINIDAD-TOBAGO    nil          7,500
 URUGUAY            nil          7,500
 ZIMBABWE           nil         10,920

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=235>
Indonesia"s agriculture sector will grow
by just 1.0 pct in calendar 1987, against an estimated 2.4 pct
in 1986 as the production of some commodities stagnates or
declines, the U.S. Embassy said in a report.
    Production of Indonesia"s staple food, rice, is forecast to
fall to around 26.3 mln tonnes from an embassy estimate of
26.58 mln tonnes in 1986, according to the annual report on
Indonesia"s agricultural performance.
    The government officially estimates 1986 rice production at
26.7 mln tonnes, with a forecast 27.3 mln tonnes output in
1987.
    The report says wheat imports are likely to fall to 1.5 mln
tonnes in calendar 1987 from 1.69 mln tonnes in 1986 because of
a drawdown on stocks.
    "Growth prospects for agriculture in 1987 do not look
promising as rice production is forecast to decline and the
production of sugarcane, rubber and copra show little or no
gain," the report says.
    "The modest overall increase which is expected will be due
to significant gains in production of corn soybeans, palm oil
and palm kernels."
    Constraints to significant overall increases in
agricultural output include a shortage of disease resistant
seeds, limited fertile land, insect pests and a reluctance by
farmers to shift from rice production to other crops, the
report underlines.
    The fall in rice production is caused by an outbreak of
pests known as "wereng" or brown plant hoppers in 1986 which
largely offset gains in yields.
    The outbreak has forced the government to ban the use of 57
insecticides on rice because it was believed the wereng are now
resistant to these varieties, and to use lower-yielding, more
resistant rice types.
    The government is depending on increased production of
export commodities such as coffee, tea, rubber, plywood and
palm oil to offset revenue losses brought on by falling crude
oil prices.
    Palm oil production is expected to increase by over 7.0 pct
in 1987 to 1.45 mln tonnes from 1.35 mln, with exports rising
to an estimated 720,000 tonnes from 695,000 tonnes in 1986, the
report says.
    But while production of soybeans in 1987/88 (Oct-Sept) will
rise to 1.075 mln tonnes from 980,000 in 1986/87, imports will
also rise to supply a new soybean crushing plant.
    The report says that imports of wheat, soybeans, soybean
meal and cotton are not likely to decline as a result of last
September"s 31 pct devaluation of the rupiah because of a rise
in domestic demand.
    The report said that Indonesia"s overall economic
performance in calendar 1986 was about zero or even a slight
negative growth rate, the lowest rate of growth since the
mid-1960s. It compares with 1.9 pct growth in 1985 and 6.7 pct
in 1984.
    The dramatic fall in oil prices last year was responsible
for the slump.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=259>
Indonesia's raw sugar output is likely
to be 1.8 mln tonnes in calendar 1987, unchanged from 1986 and
below the government's 1987 forecast of 2.5 mln, the U.S.
Embassy said in its agricultural outlook for 1987.
    Indonesia bought 162,500 tonnes of raw sugar on world
markets in late 1986, the report said.
    The embassy estimated Indonesia's calendar 1986 raw sugar
production at 1.8 mln tonnes, against a government estimate of
1.99 mln.
    It said that Indonesia's move into sugar self-sufficiency
in 1984 may have been short-lived.
    The report said, "The government continues to promote
sugarcane production through its smallholder intensification
program and a relatively high guaranteed price to sugarcane
producers.
    "However, there are considerable indications that farmers
are reluctant to plant cane because its economic return is not
as good as that of other crops."
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=293>
India's sugar output to January 31 in
the 1986/87 season (October/September) rose to 3.66 mln tonnes
from 3.46 mln in the same 1985/86 period, the Indian Sugar
Mills Association said.
    Total offtake in the first four months of the current year
was 2.71 mln tonnes (including 241,000 tonnes imported) for
domestic use and 4,000 tonnes for export, against 2.81 mln
tonnes (including 993,000 imported) for domestic use and 3,000
tonnes for export in the corresponding period of 1985/86.
    Factory stocks at end-January were 3.05 mln tonnes (96,000
imported) against 3.13 mln (96,000 imported) a year earlier.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=343>
India will hold a buying tender on
Wednesday, March 4, for two to three cargoes of white sugar for
March/April shipment, traders said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=684>
Cuba has told international sugar
operators who have bought its sugar for shipment in March that
these contracts will take second place to Cuba's direct
shipments to its export markets, dealers here said.
    Some traders who have received telexes from Cuba said the
language of the message was not totally clear and some believed
shipments would be honoured if the traders declare the Soviet
Union as the destination of their contracts.
    The telexes have fueled rising world prices in the last
week and reflect a poor Cuban crop, worry over Brazil's export
availability, and increasing Soviet demand, analysts said.
    Traders said signs of Cuba's shortage of immediately
available raw sugar to supply its traditional martkets was
probably the factor behind Syria calling a snap buying tender
last month.
    Normally Syria calls white sugar buying tenders for forward
delivery, and last month's spot requirement resulted in the
sale of several cargoes.
    Cuba in its telex told operators they would not receive
March shipments as Cuba has to meet its contracts to export
markets, traders said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1216>
Colombia is holding a snap selling tender
tonight for one cargo of world market raw sugar, traders said.
    The sugar is for March 15/April 15 shipment and bids are
being sought based on the New York May delivery futures
contract, they added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1440>
A total 60,500 tonnes of current series
white sugar received export rebates of a maximum 43.147
European Currency Units (Ecus) per 100 kilos at today's
European Community (EC) tender, the U.K. Intervention Board
said.
    Out of this, traders in the U.K. Received 43,500 tonnes, in
the Netherlands 12,000, in Denmark 4,000 and in West Germany
1,000 tonnes.
    Earlier today, London and Paris traders said they expected
the subsidy for the current season whites campaign for licences
to end-July to be between 43.00 and 43.45 Ecus per 100 kilos.
    They had also forecast today's total authorised sugar
tonnage export awards to be between 60,000 and 80,000 tonnes
versus 103,000 last week when the restitution was 43.699 Ecus.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1519>
The Dominican Republic sold
35,000 long tons of sugar for immediate delivery, with an
option for 25,000 tons more, to Czarnikow Rionda of New York,
the state sugar council announced.
    It was not immediately clear when the sale was made or at
what price. A council communique said "the sale was made at the
best prevailing conditions in the world sugar market."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1537>
The European Commission confirmed it
authorised the export of 60,500 tonnes of current series white
sugar at a maximum rebate of 43.147 European Currency Units
(ECUs) per 100 kilos.
    Out of this, traders in the U.K. Received 43,500 tonnes, in
the Netherlands 12,000, in Denmark 4,000 and in West Germany
1,000 tonnes.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1598>
India bought up to 10 cargoes of white
sugar at a buying tender today which originally called for just
two to three cargoes of March/April shipment, traders said.
    London trader E D and F Man said it sold two cargoes at 233
dlrs a tonne CIF for March/April shipment with an option to
sell an additional two cargoes at the same price.
    Traders said at least one other international trader made a
similar contract while a French house sold two cargoes at an
outright price of 233 dlrs CIF without the option. This brought
total Indian purchases to at least six cargoes with traders
having options to sell another four.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1785>
Sugar production in Peru for the
1986/87 season has been revised to 593,000 tonnes (raw value),
down 10 pct from the previous forecast and 21 pct below the
1985/86 harvest, the U.S. Agriculture Department said in its
World Production and Trade Report.
    It said while rains in the northern mountain region are
improving the supply of irrigation water, the major benefits
will not occur until the 1987/88 season.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1815>
China's 1986/87 sugar crop has been
revised to 5.26 mln tonnes (raw value), down four pct from the
previous forecast and five pct below the previous season, the
U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    In its World Production and Trade Report, the department
attributed the decline to relatively poor profitability of
sugar, causing harvested area of cane and beets to decline
seven pct from 1985/86.
    Beet sugar production for 1986/87 is now estimated at
837,000 tonnes, five pct less than earlier forecast and down
five pct from the previous season, while cane output is
projected at 4.423 mln tonnes, down four pct from previously
forecast and five pct below the previous season, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1946>
The French sugar market intervention
board, FIRS, raised its estimate of 1986/87 beet sugar
production in the 12-member European Community to 13.76 mln
tonnes white equivalent in its end-February report from 13.74
mln a month earlier.
    Its forecast for total EC sugar production, including cane
and molasses, rose to 14.10 mln tonnes from 14.09 mln.
Portugal, which joined the Community in January 1986, was
estimated at 12.75 mln tonnes white equivalent, unchanged from
the previous forecast and compared with 12.41 mln tonnes for
1985/86.
    Production for the current campaign in Spain was higher
than reported last month at 1.03 mln tonnes compared with
997,000 tonnes.
    Beet sugar production, expressed as white equivalent, was
estimated at 3.44 mln tonnes in France, 3.17 mln tonnes in West
Germany, 1.72 mln in Italy, 1.30 mln in Britain, 1.22 mln in
the Netherlands, 936,000 tonnes in Belgium/Luxembourg, 499,000
in Denmark, 287,000 in Greece, 183,000 in Ireland and 4,000 in
Portugal.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1975>
Turkey has announced a tender to import
100,000 tonnes of white crystal sugar with an advertisement in
local newspapers.
    Turkish Sugar Factories said in the advertisement there was
a 50 pct option to increase or decrease the amount and bids
should reach it before March 24.
    The semi-official Anatolian Agency recently quoted Turkish
Minister of Industry and Trade Cahit Aral as saying Turkey will
export 100,000 tonnes of sugar this year and import the same
amount.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10014>
The New York Coffee, Sugar and Cocoa
Exchange (CSCE) elected former first vice chairman Gerald
Clancy to a two-year term as chairman of the board of managers,
replacing previous chairman Howard Katz.
    Katz, chairman since 1985, will remain a board member.
    Clancy currently serves on the Exchange board of managers
as chairman of its appeals, executive, pension and political
action committees.
    The CSCE also elected Charles Nastro, executive vice
president of Shearson Lehman Bros, as first vice chairman.
Anthony Maccia, vice president of Woodhouse, Drake and Carey,
was named second vice chairman, and Clifford Evans, president
of Demico Futures, was elected treasurer.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10107>
The Soviet Union bought almost 90,000
tonnes of raw sugar from international trade houses last night,
with some of the sugar changing hands at discounts to the spot
May world sugar contract, according to trade sources.
    They said Japanese trade houses sold up to three cargoes of
Thai sugar for relatively nearby delivery.
    British and European-based trade houses sold the remaining
six cargoes for shipment between April/May/July, they said.
    Traders said this week's sharp fall in world sugar prices
helped to provoke the Soviet Union into covering nearby needs.
    Yesterday, spot May sugar closed at 7.18 cents a pound.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10124>
French Agricultural Minister
Francois Guillaume warned that France would flatly reject
proposed reforms of the European Community, EC, cereals, sugar
and oilseeds sectors, which he said would disrupt these
markets.
    The EC Commission's proposals to shorten the intervention
period and lower monthly premiums for cereals and increase the
financial burden on the sugar producers will also result in
lower real prices for producers, he told farmers here.
    "I give you my word that France, while it will not reject
technical adjustments or serious discussion, will simply reply
in the negative to these bad reforms," Guillaume told the annual
conference of the country's major farm union, FNSEA 
(Federation Nationale des Syndicats Dexploitants Agricoles).
    Community agricultural ministers are due to meet again
Monday to try and agree a package of reforms to curb spiralling
EC output and fix farm prices for 1987/88.
    Relations between the government and farmers have become
strained in France in recent months.
    There have been sporadic but frequent demonstrations by
farmers protesting over sharp falls in meat and pork prices and
further cutbacks in Community milk output.
    But Guillaume's warning that he would reject reorganisation
of the EC cereal and sugar markets -- France being a major
producer of both crops -- won him warm applause from the
FNSEA's farmers.
    His pledge to fight the EC proposals and push for the
complete dismantling of the system of cross border taxes
designed to smooth out currency differences known as Monetary
Compensatory Amounts, MCA's, however, are unlikely to avoid
further protests by producers.
    Farm leader Raymond Lacombe said the union planned to go
ahead with a series of major protests both in France and abroad
against the EC Commission's proposals to overhaul the farm
sector.
    "The Minister's proposals back up our determination to
organise union action in the coming weeks," he told reporters,
adding that this could also act in Guillaume's favour on a
ministerial level.
    Guillaume was head of the FNSEA for many years before being
appointed farm minister last spring.
    Lacombe refused to say whether the farmers felt that
Guillaume was doing a good job as farm minister.
    There have been certain advances on cutting production
costs, reducing fiscal costs and awarding drought aid, but
there are still areas where more could be done such as on
farmers' indebtedness, he said.
    Guillaume told the conference the government will make
available 2.4 billion francs (396 mln dlrs) to help producers
reduce milk output and to encourage older farmers to retire.
    The government has already announced financial aid for the
milk sector and it was not clear how much of the package
announced today was new aid, Lacombe said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10299>
The Philippines will ask the U.S.
Agriculture Department (USDA) to increase its 1987 sugar import
quota following market reports that Taiwan will not be able to
fulfil its quota, Sugar Regulation Administration (SRA)
chairman Arsenim Yulo said.
    Yulo told Reuters the SRA would also protest a USDA move to
award Taiwan's shortfall to the Dominican Republic.
    The Dominican Republic already has a larger sugar quota,
Yulo said. "Any Taiwanese shortfall should be awarded to the
Philippines or at the least we should share a hike with the
Dominican Republic."
    The USDA last December listed 1987 sugar import quota
allocations for the Dominican Republic at 160,160 short tons
and for Taiwan at 10,920 short tons.
    The Philippines has said it was badly hit by a cut in its
quota to 143,780 short tons from 231,660 in 1986.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10306>
Philippine sugar production in the
1987/88 crop year ending August has been set at 1.6 mln tonnes,
up from a provisional 1.3 mln tonnes this year, Sugar
Regulatory Administration (SRA) chairman Arsenio Yulo said.
    Yulo told Reuters a survey during the current milling
season, which ends next month, showed the 1986/87 estimate
would almost certainly be met.
    He said at least 1.2 mln tonnes of the 1987/88 crop would
be earmarked for domestic consumption.
    Yulo said about 130,000 tonnes would be set aside for the
U.S. Sugar quota, 150,000 tonnes for strategic reserves and
50,000 tonnes would be sold on the world market.
    He said if the government approved a long-standing SRA
recommendation to manufacture ethanol, the project would take
up another 150,000 tonnes, slightly raising the target.
    "The government, for its own reasons, has been delaying
approval of the project, but we expect it to come through by
July," Yulo said.
    Ethanol could make up five pct of gasoline, cutting the oil
import bill by about 300 mln pesos.
    Yulo said three major Philippine distilleries were ready to
start manufacturing ethanol if the project was approved.
    The ethanol project would result in employment for about
100,000 people, sharply reducing those thrown out of work by
depressed world sugar prices and a moribund domestic industry.
    Production quotas, set for the first time in 1987/88, had
been submitted to President Corazon Aquino.
    "I think the President would rather wait till the new
Congress convenes after the May elections," he said. "But there
is really no need for such quotas. We are right now producing
just slightly over our own consumption level."
    "The producers have never enjoyed such high prices," Yulo
said, adding sugar was currently selling locally for 320 pesos
per picul, up from 190 pesos last August.
    Yulo said prices were driven up because of speculation
following the SRA's bid to control production.
    "We are no longer concerned so much with the world market,"
he said, adding producers in the Negros region had learned from
their mistakes and diversified into corn and prawn farming and
cloth production.
    He said diversification into products other than ethanol
was also possible within the sugar industry.
    "The Brazilians long ago learnt their lessons," Yulo said.
"They have 300 sugar mills, compared with our 41, but they
relocated many of them and diversified production. We want to
call this a 'sugarcane industry' instead of the sugar industry."
    He said sugarcane could be fed to pigs and livestock, used
for thatching roofs, or used in room panelling.
    "When you cut sugarcane you don't even have to produce
sugar," he said.
    Yulo said the Philippines was lobbying for a renewal of the
International Sugar Agreement, which expired in 1984.
    "As a major sugar producer we are urging them to write a new
agreement which would revive world prices," Yulo said.
    "If there is no agreement world prices will always be
depressed, particularly because the European Community is
subsidising its producers and dumping sugar on the markets."
    He said current world prices, holding steady at about 7.60
cents per pound, were uneconomical for the Philippines, where
production costs ranged from 12 to 14 cents a pound.
    "If the price holds steady for a while at 7.60 cents I
expect the level to rise to about 11 cents a pound by the end
of this year," he said.
    Yulo said economists forecast a bullish sugar market by
1990, with world consumption outstripping production.
    He said sugar markets were holding up despite encroachments
from artificial sweeteners and high-fructose corn syrup.
    "But we are not happy with the Reagan Administration," he
said. "Since 1935 we have been regular suppliers of sugar to the
U.S. In 1982, when they restored the quota system, they cut
ours in half without any justification."
    Manila was keenly watching Washington's moves to cut
domestic support prices to 12 cents a pound from 18 cents.
    The U.S. Agriculture Department last December slashed its
12 month 1987 sugar import quota from the Philippines to
143,780 short tons from 231,660 short tons in 1986.
    Yulo said despite next year's increased production target,
some Philippine mills were expected to shut down.
    "At least four of the 41 mills were not working during the
1986/87 season," he said. "We expect two or three more to follow
suit during the next season."
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10367>
Reports the Soviet Union has lately
extended its recent buying programme by taking five to eight
raws cargoes from the free market at around 30/40 points under
New York May futures highlight recent worldwide demand for
sugar for a variety of destinations, traders said.
    The Soviet buying follows recent whites buying by India,
Turkey and Libya, as well as possible raws offtake by China.
    Some 300,000 to 400,000 tonnes could have changed hands in
current activity, which is encouraging for a sugar trade which
previously saw little worthwhile end-buyer enquiry, they added.
    Dealers said a large proportion of the sales to the Soviet
Union in the past few days involved Japanese operators selling
Thai origin sugar.
    Prices for nearby shipment Thai sugars have tightened
considerably recently due to good Far Eastern demand, possibly
for sales to the Soviet Union or to pre-empt any large block
enquiries by China, they said.
    Thai prices for March/May 15 shipments have hardened to
around 13/14 points under May New York from larger discounts
previously, they added.
    Traders said the Soviet Union might be looking to buy more
sugar in the near term, possibly towards an overall requirement
this year of around two mln tonnes. It is probable that some
1.8 mln tonnes have already been taken up, they said.
    Turkey was reported this week to have bought around 100,000
tonnes of whites while India had further whites purchases of
two to three cargoes for Mar/Apr at near 227 dlrs a tonne cost
and freight and could be seeking more. Libya was also a buyer
this week, taking two cargoes of whites which, for an
undisclosed shipment period, were reported priced around
229/230 dlrs a tonne cost and freight, they added.
    Futures prices reacted upwards to the news of end-buyer
physicals offtake, although much of the enquiry emerged
recently when prices took an interim technical dip, traders
said.
    Pakistan is lined up shortly to buy 100,000 tonnes of
whites although traders said the tender, originally scheduled
for tomorrow, might not take place until a week later.
    Egypt will be seeking 20,000 tonnes of May arrival white
sugar next week, while Greece has called an internal EC tender
for 40,000 tonnes of whites to be held in early April, for
arrival in four equal parts in May, June, July and August.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10373>
A scheme to distribute surplus food
free to the poor in the European Community (EC), which was due
to expire next Tuesday, will be partially extended for a
further month, an EC Commission spokesman said.
    He added the executive Commission has not yet decided
whether the scheme should become a permanent feature of the
EC's struggle to find a use for its massive stocks of farm
produce.
    Almost 60,000 tonnes of cereals, sugar, beef, butter and
other food have been authorised for distribution under an
operation sanctioned by EC farm ministers on January 20 in
which charities act as executive Commission agents.
    The original idea was to help the needy survive this year's
unusually cold European winter.
    The spokesman said the Commission was extending the scheme
fully in Greece, which has recently been hit by unseasonal
snowstorms, for the month of April.
    Other EC countries would be authorised to use stocks of
food for which they have already applied under the scheme up to
April 30. The spokesman said this would enable distribution of
flour, semolina, sugar and olive oil at a relatively high rate
next month.
    He said the Commission, which has powers to continue most
aspects of the scheme without consulting ministers further,
will be considering soon whether it should be made permanent.
    Cost, which has already reached around 65 mln European
currency units, would be a major consideration.
    End-January stocks included 1.28 mln tonnes of butter,
520,000 tonnes of beef and over 10 mln tonnes of cereals.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10687>
Dry areas of the Australian sugar cane
belt along the Queensland coast have been receiving just enough
rain to sustain the 1987 crop, an Australian Sugar Producers
Association spokesman said.
    The industry is not as worried as it was two weeks ago, but
rainfall is still below normal and good soaking rains are
needed in some areas, notably in the Burdekin and Mackay
regions, he said from Brisbane.
    Elsewhere, in the far north and the far south of the state
and in northern New South Wales, the cane crop is looking very
good after heavy falls this month, he said.
    The spokesman said it is still too early to tell what
effect the dry weather will have on the size of the crop, which
is harvested from around June to December.
    He said frequent but light falls in the areas that are
short of moisture, such as Mackay, mean they really only need
about three days of the region's heavy tropical rains to
restore normal moisture to the cane.
    But rainfall in the next two or three weeks will be crucial
to the size of the crop in the dry areas, he said.
    "It's certainly not a disastrous crop at this stage but it
might be in a month without some good falls," he said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10803>
The Panamanian motor vessel Northern 1,
4,217 dwt, was safely towed into Greenock over the weekend
after having its crankshaft broken off the Scottish coast
during severe weather, Lloyds Shipping Intelligence said.
    Northern 1 was loaded with 3,000 tons of sugar from
Demerara.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11043>
Sugar imports subject to the U.S.
sugar import quota during the week ended March 6 totaled 25,192
short tons versus 29,043 tons the previous week, the
Agriculture Department said.
    Cumulative imports now total 130,804 tons, it said.
    The sugar import quota for the 1987 quota year
(January-December) has been set at 1,001,430 short tons
compared with 1,850,000 tons in the 1986 quota year, which was
extended three months to December 31.
    The department said the Customs Service reported that
weekly and cumulative imports are reported on an actual weight
basis and when final polarizations are received, cumulative
import data are adjusted accordingly.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11166>
Trading Corp of Pakistan Ltd said it
had invited tenders up to April 11, 1987 for the import of
100,000 tonnes of white refined crystal sugar up to June.
    It said each cargo should consist of 15,000 tonnes. Four
cargoes should reach Port Bin Qasim or Karachi Port (buyers
option) by May 31 and the balance by June 30, 1987, it added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11173>
Thailand's sugarcane output will fall
to about 23.55 mln tonnes in the 1986/87 (November-October)
season from 24.09 mln in 1985/86, the Agriculture Ministry
said.
    It said a January survey put the total area under sugarcane
at 545,528 hectares, down from 556,860 hectares the previous
year.
    The national average yield is expected to fall to 43.17
tonnes/hectare from 43.22 tonnes in 1985/86, it said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11213>
CSR Ltd &lt;CSRA.S> has made a bold move in
selling its oil and gas interests for almost a billion dlrs and
ploughing 150 mln into its traditional sugar business, share
analysts said.
    "It sounds like a good deal," Stuart McKibbin of &lt;A.C. Goode
and Co> told Reuters.
    CSR said it had dropped plans to float its oil and gas
interests held in the &lt;Delhi Australia Fund> and would instead
sell it to Exxon Corp &lt;XON> unit &lt;Esso Exploration and
Production Australia Inc> for 985 mln dlrs.
    In a twin announcement CSR, already Australia's largest
sugar refiner, made a 2.20 dlr a share bid for the 70 pct it
does not already hold in &lt;Pioneer Sugar Mills Ltd>.
    "This will be a big shock to the market, which was under the
impression that CSR was well down the road to floating Delhi,"
McKibbin said.
    A float of part of Delhi would have raised between 200 and
300 mln dlrs, but in opting to sell outright, CSR had given
itself the cash to practically eliminate its debt and embark on
an ambitious expansion programme in its best-performing
divisions of sugar and building products, analysts said.
    CSR not only gets the 985 mln dlrs but also has the right
to share equally with Esso any higher returns resulting from an
oil price over 20 U.S. Dlrs a barrel in the next two years.
    Delhi is one of Australia's largest onshore oil producers
yielding about six mln barrels a year from the Cooper Basin.
Analysts said the deal could net CSR as much as three mln dlrs
for every dollar rise in the oil price above 20 dlrs.
    Neale Goldston-Morris of Sydney broker &lt;Bain and Co Ltd>
said the move out of Delhi and investment in the sugar industry
was a sensible one but added that it represented the loss of
Australian-owned assets to a foreign company.
    "The farm they bought back a few years ago is being sold
back to the Americans," Goldston-Morris said.
    The Pioneer Sugar investment would make CSR by far the
largest player in Australia's 850 mln dlr a year sugar industry
and would give it access to some of the best sugar properties
and mills in the country, analysts said.
    They said Pioneer Sugar was expected to recommend
acceptance of the bid through which CSR would benefit from the
bottom out of a cyclical downturn in sugar prices.
    Sugar prices are forecast to rise to 340 dlrs a tonne next
season from an estimated 270 dlrs this year, they said.
    Selling Delhi meant CSR has finally quit a damaging
investment, made in 1981, which has dragged down the company's
overall performance, analysts said.
    CSR last year wrote off more than 550 mln dlrs in losses on
what had been a 591 mln U.S. Dlr investment financed entirely
from U.S. Dollar debt, they said.
    "It was a bad investment for them. They financed it entirely
with debt, the currency collapsed on them and then the oil
price collapsed on them," Owen Evans of Sydney broker &lt;Meares
and Philips Ltd> said.
    Esso not only picked up Delhi's oil and gas output but also
gained as much as 300 mln dlrs in transferable tax losses
accumulated in exploration allowances and other concessions.
    Analysts said Esso also gained its first real onshore stake
in Australia in its first major diversification from the 50/50
Bass Strait partnership with The Broken Hill Pty Co Ltd
&lt;BRKN.S>.
    "Esso has been very keen to diversify from the Gippsland
Basin. They haven't found too much oil in Bass Strait lately
and Esso needed a large pool of ongoing production,"
Goldston-Morris said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11224>
Consuming countries, chastened by the
collapse of International Tin Council (ITC) price support
operations in 1985, are insisting more than ever before that
commodity pacts reflect the reality of the markets they are
serving, a Reuter survey showed.
    They want price ranges to be more responsive to market
trends - to avoid overstimulating output and straining the
accords' support operations - and intervention rules that avoid
the risk of exports by non-members undermining the pacts.
Consumers and producers, mindful of ITC buffer stock losses,
have also sought strict conditions for buffer operations.
    Importers and some key exporting countries have shunned a
generalised approach to commodity price stabilisation and
prefer to assess each commodity case by case, the survey
showed.
    The International Cocoa Organization (ICCO) last week set
precise limits on what the Buffer Stock Manager (BSM) could do
under the new agreement. It imposed daily and weekly purchase
limits, prohibited the BSM from operating on futures markets
and stipulated, after consumer insistence, that up to 15 pct of
total buffer stock purchases could be of non-member cocoa. This
will help prevent lower quality cocoa from Malaysia, the
world's fourth largest producer, undermining the market.
    The cocoa pact establishes precise differentials the Buffer
Stock Manager must use when purchasing varying grades.
    A new International Natural Rubber Agreement (INRA) was
adopted earlier this month in Geneva. Importing and exporting
countries agreed several changes to make the reference price
more responsive to market trends and they eliminated provisions
under which the buffer stock could borrow from banks to finance
operations. Direct cash contributions from members will fund
buffer stock purchases. Bank financing was a particular feature
of the failed ITC buffer stock which suffered losses running
into hundreds of millions of sterling. Legal wrangles continue.
    Recent International Coffee Organization (ICO) negotiations
in London exemplified the degree to which consumers insist that
agreements reflect market reality, commodity analysts said.
    Consumers and a small group of producers argued that
"objective criteria" should be used to define export quota
shares, which would have meant a reduction in the share of
Brazil, the world's leading producer. Brazil wanted to maintain
its previous quota share of 30 pct. The talks broke down and,
although an ICO executive board meeting starts in London today,
delegates and trade sources see chances of any near term
negotiations on export quota distribution as remote.
    International agreements exist for sugar and wheat. These
do not have any economic clauses but provide a forum for
discussions on possible future economic agreements, collect
statistics and draw up market analyses. Analysts said
differences between sugar exporting countries have held up any
progress towards an accord with economic teeth, while sheer
competition between major exporters amid a world grain glut
militate against any pact with economic provisions for wheat.
    An alternative focus for commodity discussions are
international study groups, made up of governments with advice
from industry, such as those for lead and zinc and rubber.
    The U.N. Common fund for commodities, with a planned
directly contributed capital of 470 mln dlrs, has failed to
become operational because neither the U.S. Nor the Soviet
Union has ratified it. U.S. Officials in Washington said the
U.S. Doubts the fund would be able to fulfil its objectives,
citing the lack of widespread support.
    U.S. Officials in Washington and Malaysian officials in
Kuala Lumpur expressed a policy of looking at each commodity
pact case by case. U.S. Officials said it has been willing to
study individual cases for economically sound, market-oriented
commodity accords balancing producer and consumer interests.
    "We see little to be gained by attempting to increase the
price of a commodity whose long-term trend is downward,"
official Administration policy states. The U.S. Currently
belongs to only two international commodity agreements that
have economic clauses - the International Coffee Agreement
(ICA) and INRA - but it is also a member of the sugar and wheat
pacts.
    The U.S. Did not join the International Cocoa Agreement
because it considered its proposed price ranges unrealistic and
not designed to protect the interests of consuming countries,
the State Department said. U.S. Officials singled out the INRA
as the one commodity agreement that seems to be working.
    U.S. Negotiators were successful in getting other members
of the pact to agree that the price review and adjustment
mechanism of the rubber agreement would accurately reflect
market trends and also to continue the accord as a market
oriented agreement, U.S. Officials said.
    Canadian officials in Ottawa also said they have
consistently tried to look at membership of commodity pacts on
the merits of each case. Malaysian Primary Industries Minister
Lim Keng Yaik told Reuters in Kuala Lumpur his country, the
world's top producer of rubber, tin and palm oil, decides its
participation in international commodity pacts case by case.
    Malaysia is a member of the Association of Tin Producing
Countries (ATPC) which produce 65 pct of world tin. The ATPC
launched a plan to limit member tin exports to 96,000 tonnes
for a year from March to cut the tin surplus to 50,000 from
70,000.
    Economist in the West German Ministry of Agriculture and
delegate to cocoa, wheat and sugar agreements Peter Baron told
Reuters in London, "Agreements with economic clauses to
stabilise prices could function if fixed price ranges were
close to market reality, if there was full participation by
producers and consumers, and if participants were prepared to
take their obligations in the framework of the agreement
seriously."
    But Baron added, "No real sanctions are available for a
country that doesn't stick to its obligations...The German
approach is sceptical. We don't think agreements are the best
instrument to help developing countries. They were never meant
to be a vehicle for the transfer of resources and that is how
developing countries often interpret them."
    Traditionally Britain has always been supportive of
commodity agreements, reflecting its strong links with Third
World producing countries. But recently demands for more
stringent and justifiable pacts with emphasis placed on the
need for "intellectual honesty" and "objective criteria" have
grown.
    British officials stress the need for commodity pacts to be
a two way partnership in trade rather than a disguise for aid.
    It is now seen as essential that any pacts involving direct
market participation through a buffer stock have a high degree
of transparency and do not contain the risk of open-ended
borrowing that occurred in the tin pact, they said. U.K.
Delegates talk of stabilisation and the need for prices to
reflect changes in market structure and price trends rather
than dictate what prices should be.
    A Foreign Ministry official in Tokyo said Japan urges price
realism in commodity pacts, adding high prices inflate supply.
    A government spokesman in Paris said France is favourable
to commodity pacts. France, a large consumer and producer of
sugar, favours a sugar pact as long as it reflects the real
market situation, particularly regarding stocks.
    Indonesia's Foreign Minister Mochtar Kusumaatmadja told
Reuters in Jakarta: "These agreements can work as long as the
problems are cyclical..But it's another matter when there are
structural problems..But we are still committed to commodity
agreements as an act of faith." Nicaraguan External Trade
Minister Alejandro Martinez Cuenca said in London producers
cannot afford not to give their backing to commodity
agreements.
    "The political will is not there on the part of some
consumers to make agreements work," Martinez Cuenca said.
    The head of the economics department in the Brazilian
Foreign Ministry, Sebastiao do Rego Barros, told Reuters an
agreement can be successful if it keeps a link with market
reality. If you have an agreement such as coffee with a system
of quotas, with a link between prices practised inside the pact
and actual market prices, it can work. UNCTAD spokesman Graham
Shanley said consuming countries realise steady export earnings
enhance developing countries' ability to service debt and mean
greater demand for industrialised nations' capital goods.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11230>
Mauritius exported 47,144 tonnes of
sugar (tel quel) in February, down from 57,911 tonnes (tel
quel) shipped in January and 89,351 in February 1986, the
Mauritius Chamber of Agriculture's Sugar News Bulletin said.
    Opening stocks at the beginning of last month totalled
320,057 tonnes, against 288,406 tonnes at the start of February
last year. Closing stocks at the end of February were 270,212
tonnes, up from 196,309 tonnes at end-February 1986.
    The estimate for 1986 sugar production was unchanged from
last month at 748,472 tonnes, raw value, the Chamber said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11231>
CSR Ltd has made a bold move in selling
its oil and gas interests for almost a billion dlrs and
ploughing 150 mln into its traditional sugar business, share
analysts said.
    CSR said it had dropped plans to float its oil and gas
interests held in the Delhi Australia Fund and would instead
sell them to Exxon Corp unit Esso Exploration and Production
Australia Inc for 985 mln dlrs.
    In a twin announcement CSR, already Australia's largest
sugar refiner, made a 2.20 dlr a share bid for the 70 pct it
does not already hold in Pioneer Sugar Mills Ltd.
    A float of part of Delhi would have raised between 200 and
300 mln dlrs, but in opting to sell outright CSR had given
itself the cash to all but eliminate its debt and embark on an
ambitious expansion programme in its best-performing divisions
of sugar and building products, analysts said.
    The Pioneer Sugar investment would give CSR by far the
largest stake in Australia's 850 mln dlr a year sugar industry
and access to some of the best sugar properties and mills in
the country, they said. Pioneer Sugar was expected to recommend
acceptance of the bid, through which CSR would benefit from the
bottoming out of a cyclical downturn in sugar prices.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11330>
Representatives of U.S. sugar grower
organizations said they expect some increase the area planted
to sugarbeets this year and said the prospects for the 1987
cane sugar crop also are good.
    Dave Carter, president of the U.S. beet sugar association,
said plantings may be up in two major beet growing states,
California and Michigan, while sowings could be down slightly
in the largest producing state of Minnesota.
    Overall, Carter predicted beet plantings would rise in the
midwest, and this coupled with increases in California would
increase U.S. sugarbeet plantings slightly from the 1.232 mln
acres sown last year.
    USDA later today releases its first estimate of 1987 U.S.
sugarbeet plantings in the prospective plantings report.
    The main reason for the expected increase in beet sowings
is that returns from competing crops such as soybeans and
grains are "just awful," said Carter.
    In the midwest, bankers are strongly encouraging farmers to
plant sugarbeets because the U.S. sugar program offers a loan
rate of 18 cents per pound and because payments to farmers from
beet processors are spread evenly over the growing season, said
Luther Markwart, executive vice president of the American
sugarbeet growers association.
    "The banks are putting a lot of pressure on these guys,"
Markwart said.
    In some areas there are waiting lists of farmers seeking a
contract with processors to plant beets, Markwart said.
    USDA's report today will not include any harvested area
estimates for sugarcane, but representatives of Florida, Hawaii
and Louisiana growers said crop prospects are good.
    Horis Godfrey, a consultant representing Florida and Texas
cane growers, said Florida cane is off to a good start  because
for the first time in several years there was no winter freeze.
Although area to be harvesteed is about the same as last year,
cane production may be up in Florida this year, he said.
    In Hawaii, area harvested may decline slightly this year,
but likely will be offset again in 1987 by increased yields,
said Eiler Ravnholt, vice president of the Hawaiian Sugar
Planters Association.
    The acreage planted to sugarbeets will receive more than
the usual amount of attention this year because of mounting
concern that continued increases in domestic sugar production
threaten the U.S. sugar program, industry sources said.
    The increases in beet plantings have especially caused
concern among cane growers who have not expanded plantings,
particularly in Hawaii, industry officials said.
    "We haven't had a good weather year throughout the beet and
cane areas in more than five years," said Godfrey, adding that
the U.S. may be due for a good weather year.
    Rep. Jerry Huckaby, D-La., chairman of the House
agriculture subcommittee responsible for the sugar program, has
threatened to offer legislation next year to curb domestic
sweetener output if growers fail to restrain output in 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11341>
The Coffee, Sugar and Cocoa Exchange
has expanded the normal daily trading limit in Coffee "C"
contracts to 6.0 cents a lb, from the previous 4.0 cents,
effective today, the CSCE said.
    The new daily limits apply to all but the two nearby
positions, currently May and July, which trade without limits.
    In addition, the 6.0 cent limit can be increased to 9.0
cents a lb if the first two limited months both make limit
moves in the same direction for two consecutive sessions,
according to the CSCE announcement.
    Before the rule change today, the CSCE required two days of
limit moves in the first three restricted contracts before
expanding the daily trading limit.
    Under new guidelines, if the first two restricted
deliveries move the 6.0 cent limit for two days the Exchange
will expand the limit. The expanded 9.0 cent limit will remain
in effect until the settling prices on both of the first two
limited months has not moved by more than the normal 6.0 cent
limit for other contracts in two successive trading sessions,
the CSCE said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11387>
A plan by European producers to sell
854,000 tonnes of sugar to European Community intervention
stocks still stands, Andrea Minguzzi, an official at French
sugar producer Beghin-Say, said.
    Last week Beghin-Say president Jean-Marc Vernes said a
possible settlement of a row with the EC would lead producers
to withdraw their offer, which was made as a protest against EC
export licensing policies.
    The EC policy is to offer export rebates, which fail to
give producers an equivalent price to that which they would get
by offering sugar into intervention stocks, Vernes said.
    But Minguzzi said the offer was a commercial affair and
that producers had no intention of withdrawing the sugar offer
already lodged with intervention boards of different European
countries. He said final quality approval for all the sugar
offered could come later this week. Some 95 pct had already
cleared quality specifications.
    The EC can only reject an offer to sell into intervention
stocks on quality grounds. Minguzzi added that under EC
regulations, the Community has until early May to pay for the
sugar. He declined to put an exact figure on the amount of
sugar offered by Beghin-Say, but said it was below 500,000
tonnes.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11462>
The Coffee, Sugar and Cocoa Exchange
amended regulations governing expanded trading limits on
coffee, cocoa and sugar contracts to provide uniformity.
    Effective today, the exchange will permit normal daily
price limits in those commodities to expand whenever the first
two limited contract months move the limit in the same
direction for two consecutive sessions.
    The normal daily limits will be reinstated once the first
two limited deliveries close by less than the normal limit for
two successive trading days.
    Previously exchange rules required the first three limited
months to move the limit in coffee and cocoa. It had required
the first two limited sugar deliveries to make such moves for
three consecutive sessions.
 reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11826>
London traders say the European Community
is likely to award a maximum rebate of 46.80 European currency
units per 100 kilos at today's tender, while traders in Paris
predict a maximum award of 46.40 Ecus.
    Last week the EC awarded licences for 59,000 tonnes at a
rebate of 45.678 Ecus.
    Trade views differed on the amount of sugar likely to be
released today.
    London traders said the EC Commission will probably
endeavour to release a large tonnage, and as much as  100,000
tonnes may be authorised for export under licences up to
end-September.
    Paris traders put the likely tonnage at around 60,000.
  REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11893>
A total 102,350 tonnes of current series
white sugar received export rebates of a maximum 46.864
European Currency Units (Ecus) per 100 kilos at today's
European Community (EC) tender, the U.K. Intervention Board
said.
    Out of this, traders in France received 31,000 tonnes, in
West Germany 21,000, in Belgium 19,050, in the U.K. 15,800, in
Denmark 8,500, in the Netherlands 6,000 and in Spain 1,000
tonnes, it added.
    Earlier today, London traders had expected the subsidy for
the current season whites campaign for licences to end-Sep to
be around 46.80 Ecus per 100 kilos while French traders had put
the rebate at around 46.40 Ecus.
    Traders here had also forecast today's total authorised
sugar tonnage export awards up to 100,000 tonnes versus 59,000
last week when the restitution was 45.678 Ecus.
    Total export authorisations for the 1985/86 campaign (42
 weeks) now stand at 2,076,620 tonnes.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12003>
London-based sugar operator Kaines Ltd
confirmed it sold two cargoes of white sugar to India out of an
estimated overall sales total of four or five cargoes in which
other brokers participated.
    The sugar, for April/May and April/June shipment, was sold
at between 214 and 218 dlrs a tonne cif, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12117>
The following import levies for white
and raw sugar are effective tomorrow, in European currency
units (ecu) per 100 kilos.
    White sugar, denatured and non-denatured 51.94 versus 51.36
previously.
    Raw sugar, denatured and non-denatured 44.05 versus 43.69
previously.
    The rate for raws is based on 92 pct yield.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12135>
Drilling of this year's British sugar
beet crop got off to a slow start due to poor weather
conditions with only around one pct sown so far, a spokesman
for British Sugar Plc said.
    This compares with two pct at the same stage last year,
three pct in 1985 and 38 to 39 pct in 1984.
    There is little cause for concern with better weather
forecast and the capacity available to drill the contracted
area of around 200,000 hectares in about 10 days. Seed beds
look good and farmers are advised to wait for soil temperatures
to rise, the spokesman said.
    "If the crop can be drilled by the third week in April we
will be delighted," he said. Last year a large proportion of the
crop was not drilled until May but it still turned out to be
the equal second largest on record.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12174>
Delfzyl/India 14,700 mt
bagged sugar about 30 dlrs 750/1,000 ppt a/c Benham.
    Antwerp/Lagos 12,000 mt bagged sugar 750/750 try liner
discharge 5-20/4 a/c E D and F Man.
    T/C single or tweendecker 16,000/19,000 tonnes dw del
Queensland mid-April/early-May for trip with bulk sugar redel
China duration about 30 to 40 days a/c Kawasaki.
    One port A-H range/Dubai 6,800 mt bagged sugar 750/750
10-15/4 a/c unnamed charterer.
    enquiries - Rouen-Hamburg/India 14,000 mt bagged sugar
750/1,000 15-25/4 a/c Woodhouse, Drake and Carey.
    Flushing/Hodeidah and Mokha 16,800 mt bagged sugar 750/750
9-15/4 Genoc.
    Santos/Hodeidah 10,000 mt bagged sugar about 30 dlrs
750/750 20-30/4 a/c Dutch charterer.
    Cargill is reported to have withdrawn its enquiries for
cargoes from South Korea to India, from Constanza to India and
from Buenaventura to the U.S.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12372>
The U.S. House Agriculture Committee
approved proposals to extend the life of the Export Enhancement
Program, EEP, through fiscal 1990 and urged the Reagan
administration offer EEP wheat to the Soviet Union.
    The proposals were approved as amendments to a
comprehensive trade bill moving through Congress this year.
    In addition to the amendments on EEP, the committee
approved several proposals which could restrict imports of
lamb, casein, sugar-containing products and tobacco. Those
amendments affecting imports face an uncertain future because
the House Ways and Means Committee, which has overall
jurisdiction over trade legislation, will oppose them,
Congressional sources said.
    The effect of the EEP amendments would be to extend the
life of the program five years through fiscal 1990 rather than
the current three years through fiscal 1988.
    The amendments, offered by Rep. Dan Glickman, D-Kan., also
would increase funding for the program to 2.5 billion dlrs from
1.5 billion now.
    Furthermore, the committee passed an amendment offered by
Rep. Glickman which instructs the U.S. Agriculture Department
to value EEP bonus commodities at market value, not acquisition
value. Glickman said the change would make the program 30 pct
less expensive to operate.
    The provision on EEP wheat to the Soviet Union, offered by
Rep. Bob Smith, R-Ore., does not require the administration
make an offer, but urges such action.
    The committee approved an amendment, offered by Rep. Glenn
English, D-Okla., requiring the Secretary of Agriculture to
begin discussions with other major grain producing countries
aimed at jointly reducing world grain production.
    Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter yesterday opposed the
amendment, saying such commodity agreements do not work.
    Among the host of amendments to restrict imports approved
by the panel, the most significant would require quotas on
imports of goods containing more than 25 pct of a bulk farm
product that is subject to U.S. quotas. The amendment, offered
by Rep. Arlan Stangeland, R-Minn., is aimed primarily at
curbing imports from Canada of products containing sugar and
foreign foods containing dairy products. It also may affect
peanut, cotton and tobacco imports, Committee sources said.
    Another amendment would place a quota on U.S. imports of
casein, a dairy product shipped to the U.S. primarily by New
Zealand and Ireland.
    The panel also voted to apply to lamb imports the same
countercyclical import quota law which is operating for U.S.
beef imports.
    Other miscellaneous amendments included:
    -- Urging the administration consider retaliating against
Japan and South Korea if those countries do not remove
restrictions on beef imports.
    -- Boosting the amount of U.S. grain which must be shipped
each year under a food aid program called Section 416 to
800,000 tonnes from 500,000 tonnes now.
    -- Requiring the Agriculture Secretary conduct a study of
the Canadian Wheat Board import licensing system for wheat to
determine if it is a non-tariff trade barrier.
    -- Requiring the Agriculture Secretary reimburse the
National Corn Growers Association up to 500,000 dlrs for the
costs of defending the U.S. feedgrains program against a
Canadian countervailing duty case this year.
    -- Urging the administration oppose the Canadian decision
to apply a duty on U.S. corn imports, and a proposal by the
European Community to apply a vegetable oils tax.
    -- USDA conduct a study of the findings of a National
Commission on Agricultural Export Policy, which recommended a
reorganization of USDA's trade policy apparatus.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12415>
The 2,500 tonnes of sugar offered to
intervention in the Netherlands has been refused by the
intervention board because of wrong packaging, a spokeswoman
for the Ministry of Agriculture said.
    She said the sugar could be offered again to intervention.
    EC producers have threatened to sell over 800,000 tonnes of
sugar to intervention stocks as a protest against EC export
licensing policies.
    Last month Dutch traders said the sugar on offer in the
Netherlands was Belgian, but the ministry could not confirm
this.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12423>
The maximum rebate granted at
yesterday's European Community (EC) sugar tender marked no
change in policy towards producers' complaints that they are
losing money on exports outside the EC, EC commission sources
said.
    They said this was despite the fact that the commission
accepted over 785,000 tonnes of sugar into intervention
yesterday from traders protesting that rebates are being set
too low.
    The maximum rebate at yesterday's tender was 46.864 Ecus
per 100 kilos, up from 45.678 Ecus the previous week.
    London traders said yesterday the rebate was the largest
ever granted. The commission sources said today the increase
was entirely explained by world market conditions. The amount
by which the rebate fell short of what producers claim is
needed to obtain an equivalent price to that for sales into
intervention remained at 0.87 Ecus per 100 kilos, they said.
    Operators offered a total of 854,000 tonnes of sugar into
intervention last month to protest at rebates which they said
were too low. The sources said about 706,470 tonnes of French
sugar and 79,000 tonnes of German sugar had been accepted, the
remainder being rejected as of too low quality.
    The sources noted the operators could withdraw their offers
in the five week period between the acceptance of the sugar and
payment for it.
    They said they saw no sign of planned withdrawals as yet,
adding that they would expect operators to wait another week or
two to review commission policy before making up their minds.
    The sources said the commission felt entitled to offer
rebates at slightly below the level theoretically justifiable
in the light of its 1987/88 farm price package proposal to
reduce guaranteed prices for sugar by two pct from the start of
the new season in July.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12462>
Syria will hold a buying tender on April
8 for 36,000 tonnes of white sugar for shipment in June, July
and August at a rate of 12,000 tonnes a month, traders said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12760>
Raw sugar futures had a quiet opening
call of 38 lots with prices holding steady from last night with
gains of 20 to 80 cents a tonne, dealers said.
    Aug was trading at 157.60 dlrs from 157.40 asked yesterday.
    The modest rise continued the recent rally from an oversold
situation but, dealers noted, there was little fresh physicals
news to stimulate activity.
    Whites tenders are scheduled for next Wednesday by Syria
for 36,000 tonnes and Greece for 40,000 tonnes while Pakistan
is due to tender on April 11 for 100,000 tonnes whites, they
said.
    This week has seen whites buying by India and Egypt.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12772>
Raw sugar futures firmed to session highs
by midmorning, securing gains from last night's basically
steady close of 1.00 to 1.80 dlrs a tonne in a 166 lot volume.
    Shortcovering against an oversold situation continued to
play a part in the extended rally with unsettled dollar rates
versus sterling providing additional support.
    Recent and prospective whites buying in the world market
was supportive but the raws section lacked feature, dealers
said.
    India and Egypt bought white sugar this week while next
week sees tenders by Pakistan, Greece and Syria, they said.
    May was at 154 dlrs from 152.80 asked last night.
    All London Daily prices rose two dlrs a tonne on tone.
    The Raws price was set at 150 dlrs Fob and 173 dlrs (107.50
stg) Cif.
    The Whites price was at 192 dlrs from 190 yesterday.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12778>
The recent fall in world sugar prices,
due to increased producer pricing sales and evidence of export
availability, has encouraged renewed buying interest from China
and the Soviet Union, London trade house E.D.And F. Man said.
    Further purchases are expected by the Peoples Republic of
China at the lower end of the recent price range, which should
limit the downside movement, it said in its latest monthly
market report.
   "And it is believed that the Soviet Union will need to return
to the market to take a further 250,000/350,000 tonnes for
May/June shipment, Man added.
    The Soviets purchased five cargoes of raws for April/May
shipment towards the end of last month, which brings its total
purchases to around 1.65 mln tonnes, Man said.
    Production estimates for the Thai crop now exceed 2.3 mln
tonnes and the final outturn appears set to reach around 2.5
mln tonnes. However, this upturn in the Thai crop is being
countered by a reduction in China's production forecast to 5.3
mln tonnes from 5.5 mln estimated earlier.
    Market participation by Cuba suggests that its crop could
be close to last year's 7.3 mln tonnes. But even with similar
production Man expects Cuban exports to be significantly down.
    Cuba was reported to be carrying 1.3 mln tonnes of stocks
in September 1985, of which some 440,000 tonnes were used to
boost its 1985/86 exports to about 6.9 mln. But as it will not
be able to draw on surplus stocks this year, Man estimates
Cuba's export availabilty will be reduced to 6.4 to 6.5 mln
tonnes.
    However, Cuba is only one of a large number of exporters
with reduced availability, Man said.
    Since 1980 the total free market export supply has fallen
to 18 mln from about 22 mln tonnes. But at the same time free
market demand has also fallen by almost the same amount, which
has left exporters chasing falling import requirements.
    A fairly tight balance now appears to have emerged. But the
difficult task of keeping production advances at bay still
remains, as at least one more season of production deficit is
needed to eliminate some of the remaining surplus stocks still
overhanging the market, Man said.
    The increasing cases of record production as a result of
record yields and better husbandry have forced sugar producers
to strive for greater efficiency.
    As this increase in efficiency reduces the marginal cost of
production, sugar exporters may become more responsive to
prices and in particular to upward price movements, Man said.
    Commenting on the current row between the EC Commission and
sugar producers, Man said despite the recent improvement in the
level of restitutions, they are still insufficient to fully
compensate producers when exporting on the world market.
    Unless there are further improvements, at least some sugar
is expected to remain in intervention, it added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12790>
French sugar producer Beghin-Say is not
currently planning to withdraw the sugar it has placed into
intervention, despite the exceptionally high rebate awarded at
this week's European Community (EC) sugar tender, Beghin-Say
President Jean-Marc Vernes told Reuters.
    The maximum rebate of 46.864 Ecus per 100 kilos on
Wednesday was the largest ever granted, according to traders.
    Vernes said he was satisfied the European Commission has
started to move in the right direction, but said his company
had no plans to change its decision to put sugar into
intervention.
    But Vernes said he hoped that in the next few weeks a final
agreement would be reached with the commission which would
allow operators to withdraw the sugar from intervention.
    European operators offered 854,000 tonnes of sugar into
intervention to protest about export rebates which they say are
too low. Over 785,000 tonnes of this sugar was accepted by the
commission on Wednesday, according to commission sources.
    Under EC regulations, however, operators have another four
to five weeks to withdraw the sugar from intervention before
payment is made for it.
    A total of 706,470 tonnes of French sugar and 79,000 tonnes
of West German sugar has been accepted into intervention, trade
sources said here. This amount represents about a third of
annual EC exports to non-EC countries.
    Beghin-Say declined to specify the amount of sugar it had
offered into intervention, but said it was below 500,000
tonnes.
    Producers say they have been losing 2.5 to 3.0 Ecus on
every 100 kilos exported due to the failure of rebates to fully
bridge the gap between EC and world prices. Wednesday's rebate
was 0.87 Ecus short of what producers say is needed to get an
equivalent price to that for sales into intervention, traders
said.
    Vernes said operators hope to get a rebate which equates to
the full intervention price and said Wednesday's tender was a
step in the right direction.
    Sugar producers here said the volume of sugar authorised
for export since the begining of the current campaign had been
inadequate and that more should be exported now to compensate.
    Trade sources said new regulations governing export
rebates, which are due to be adopted shortly, may smooth the
path for the commission to award larger export rebates in
future.
    One source at a leading French sugar house said it seemed
the commission had understood the protest action and was now
moving towards adapting the situation accordingly, thereby
allowing the operators to withdraw their sugar from
intervention once they got satisfaction.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14146>
Malta is tendering to buy 3,000 tonnes
white sugar today for arrival in two equal parts in May and
June, traders said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14434>
New immigration rules relating to
alien farm workers and reportedly being drafted by the U.S.
Agriculture Department are meeting with objections in Congress,
sources on Capitol Hill said.
    USDA is drafting regulations, required by a 1986 law, that
would offer amnesty to illegal aliens if they worked in the
cultivation of fruits, vegetables and other perishable
commodities.
    The department is considering including in its definition
of perishable commodities such farm products as tobacco, hops,
Spanish reeds and Christmas trees, while excluding sugar cane,
the New York Times reported yesterday.
    Rep. Howard Berman, D-Calif., would like to see the
definition extended to include sugar cane, cultivation of which
is "a breeding ground for one of the scandals of the nation,"
Gene Smith, a spokesman for Berman, said.
    Livestock, dairy and poultry producers have been lobbying
USDA hard to have their products covered by the amnesty
provision, farm industry sources said.
    Chuck Fields of the American Farm Bureau Federation said
livestock producers were "desperate" because they fear they will
be unable to retain the many illegal aliens who have joined
that industry.
    A House staff member involved in drafting the landmark 1986
immigration law who asked not to be identified said Congress
did not mean to extend special amnesty provisions to workers
who helped cultivate tobacco, and that inclusion of hops and
Spanish reeds was "marginal."
    In addition, lawmakers made it clear during consideration
of the bill that lumber workers were not to be covered by the
the amnesty provisions, making the inclusion of Christmas trees
"a tough call," this source said.
    USDA officials declined to comment on the draft regulation
except to say it was subject to change before it will be
released, probably some time later this month.
    While lawmakers may object to the USDA rule under
consideration relating to perishable commodities, Congress is
not likely to reopen debate on the controversial immigration
question, congressional sources said.
    The amnesty provision specially designed for farm workers
was crucial to passage of the overall immigration bill.
    Congressional staff members estimate the special farm
worker amnesty provision would apply to between 250,000 to
350,000 aliens. The law would allow eligible farm workers who
worked for 90 days during the year ending May 1, 1986, to apply
for temporary, then permanent, resident status.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14440>
Cuban president Fidel Castro told a
Congress of the Union of Young Communists here that the
production of crude sugar during the harvest still in progress
is 800,000 tonnes behind schedule.
    In a speech Sunday, published in today's official paper
GRANMA, Castro said unseasonable rains since January seriously
interrupted harvesting and milling operations especially in the
central and western parts of the island.
    The Cuban leader said the mechanical cane harvesters
scheduled to cut over 60 pct of the cane this year were
particularly "vulnerable," as muddy fields prevent operations.
    Neither Castro nor the Cuban press have given out figures
to estimate tonnes of crude production during the present
harvest or the goals for the sugar campaign.
    However, a cuban sugar official told Reuters that the
country will be lucky if crude output reaches last year's 7.2
mln tonnes. Output of crude for the previous 1984-85 harvest
was 8.2 mln tonnes.
    The harvest was scheduled to end April 30 but due to the
present shortfalls it will be extended into May and June, the
official said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2195>
The National Farmers Union, NFU, remains
concerned about the future ownership of British Sugar despite
last week's decision by the government to block bids from
Italy's Gruppo Ferruzzi and Britain's Tate &amp; Lyle Plc.
    The union's sugar beet committee met yesterday to consider
the implications of a government Monopolies and Merger
Commission, MMC, report issued last week. "We are still
concerned about S and W Berisford being long-term owners of
British Sugar," a spokesman said. "We do not view Berisford as
providing the long-term stability we want."
    The Trade and Industry Secretary accepted a recommendation
last week by the MMC that it block a bid by Tate and Lyle for S
and W Berisford Plc and stop Gruppo Ferruzzi buying a majority
of British Sugar, owned by Berisford.
    Union officials believe a new bid for the monopoly beet
processor is now likely. "We are looking again at the
undertakings that we have demanded of existing bidders and
which we would seek of any future bidders," the spokesman said.
The NFU, which represents Britain's 11,500 sugar beet growers,
is also taking legal advice on particular paragraphs in the MMC
report which it says need further explanation.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2206>
India bought eight cargoes of white
sugar at a buying tender this week but also gave sellers
options to sell an extra eight cargoes at the same prices,
traders said.
    Four international firms shared the business which gave
each of them sales of two cargoes of Mar/Apr shipment sugar at
233 dlrs CIF and options on two cargoes of Apr/May.
    This brings recent options India has given traders to some
200,000 tonnes at fixed prices and makes future Indian
purchases very dependent on price fluctuations, traders said.
    At 233 dlrs CIF the sugar sold this week was at a discount
of up to 10 dlrs to current prices, some traders said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2239>
Trade house Kaines said it sold Jordan
two cargoes of white sugar at its buying tender today.
    The sale comprised two 12,000 to 14,000 tonne cargoes (plus
or minus 10 pct) for Mar/Apr shipment, a Kaines trader said.
    Traders said the business was done at 235.5 dlrs a tonne
cost and freight.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2246>
Turkey is holding a buying tender for
100,000 tonnes of white sugar on March 24, traders here said.
    The sugar is being sought for early arrival and will
probably be met with April/May shipment sugar, they added.
    Earlier today newspapers in Turkey carried an advertisement
from Turkish Sugar Factories inviting offers of 100,000 tonnes
of crystal sugar with a 50 pct option to increase or decrease
the amount.
    Over the 1983/85 period Turkey each year has exported
between 240,000 and 350,000 tonnes of whites to Iran and
between 62,000 and 230,000 tonnes to Iraq.
    Following lower sugar crops in the past two years analysts
said Turkey needs to import sugar now if it is to continue
filling these export contracts, and may need to buy more.
    Last month London broker C Czarnikow estimated Turkish
1986/87 production at 1.42 mln tonnes raw value against 1.4 mln
in 1985/86 and an average 1.76 mln in the previous three
seasons.
    The semi-official Anatolian Agency recently quoted Turkish
Minister of Industry and Trade Cahit Aral as saying Turkey
would export 100,000 tonnes of sugar this year and import the
same amount.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2359>
Australia accused the U.S. of increasing
protectionism on agricultural products and called for an end to
Washington's special 32-year exemption from certain GATT rules
on agricultural trade.
    Robert Arnott, Australia's delegate to the General
Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT), made the appeal at a
special annual meeting which reviews the 1955 U.S. waiver.
    "Australia today said the United States' goals of reducing
U.S. barriers to agricultural trade were being contradicted by
actions which in fact increased protection in trade in
agriculture," the Australian delegation said in a statement.
    "The United States section 22 waiver is one of the basic
flaws in the GATT coverage of agriculture," Arnott told the
meeting.
    Arnott said the waiver had continually been used as a
justification for "dubious protective measures" by the U.S. He
listed a recent Dairy Export Incentive Program and steps to
close the U.S. sugar market to imports.
    He also told Reuters the waiver allowed Washington to
impose quotas on imports of farm products where it had domestic
support programs. This covered imports of dairy products,
peanuts, cotton and sugar.
    Asked to comment, Michael Samuels, U.S. ambassador to the
GATT, told Reuters: "These charges have been made since the very
beginning. The waiver is part of domestic U.S. agricultural
policy, part of our law when we joined the GATT".
    "We have agreed to put the waiver on the table during the
Uruguay Round and invite other countries to do the same with
their programs. We can negotiate them all," Samuels added.
    Ninety-two nations are taking part in the four-year Uruguay
round of talks launched in Punta del Este last September.
Bargaining in agricultural goods and services (banking,
tourism, insurance) is included for the first time as well as
manufactured goods.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2389>
Over 750,000 head of cattle are suffering
the effects of a severe shortage of feed as a result of a
prolonged drought in the normally rich sugar and cattle
producing province of Camaguey, the newspaper Granma reported.
    The province produces 23 pct of Cuba's beef and is the
island's number two province in milk production. Granma said
20,000 head of cattle are now in imminent danger.
    The newspaper said a "cattle emergency" had been decreed and
the cattle are being rounded up.
    Some 110,000 head have been transferred to the sugar cane
conditioning centers where newly harvested cane is cleaned
before being sent to the mills. The cattle are being fed the
residue left after cleaning the cane stalks. 32,000 head have
been sent to nearby provinces of Las Tunas and Ciego de Avila.
    Despite Cuba's ambitous cattle development plans, beef
rationing has been in effect over the past 25 years. In Havana,
each Cuban receives approximately 3/4 lb of rationed beef every
18 days.
    In a major area hit by drought, San Miguel, practically no
rain has fallen in the past 14 months. Grazing lands are
parched and the region was unable to produce 117,000 tonnes of
silage projected in its annual plan.
    Granma said rainfall over the past year has been less than
50 pct of normal precipitation.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2521>
Brazil's recent announcement of a
suspension in interest payments on 68 billion dlrs of foreign
debt gave the banking system the jitters and confirmed views
among many international economists and commodities analysts
that Brazil will continue to flex its trading muscles in 1987.
    The developing world's most indebted nation is also its
most prolific exporter of agricultural commodities such as
coffee and soybeans, and might maximize foreign exchange
revenue by selling hard on world markets, economists said.
    "That sounds like a reasonable strategy. But there is no
way they can trade their way out of this situation," Aldo
Roldan, Vice President for International Services at Chase
Econometrics, said.
    Roldan told Reuters that Brazil not only had to tackle the
problems of satisfying domestic demand and competing on glutted
world markets, but also had to work to make its position on
foreign exchange markets more profitable.
    "Domestic costs have increased (due to inflation) and
exporters have not had the same offsetting movement in exchange
rates," Roldan said.
    The Chase economist also said commodities markets were
depressed and generally did not appear very promising for a
country like Brazil, where pure commodities account for some 50
pct of exports and in 1986 had a total value of around 23
billion dlrs.
    But he added: "They are always pretty aggressive and they
have good foreign marketing channels."
    Analysts said a key factor in Brazilian trade will be
coffee, and even without background pressure from foreign
creditors the world's largest producer was expected to hit the
market this year with a vengeance.
    Negotiations between International Coffee Organization
(ICO) members to re-establish producer export quotas broke up
earlier this week with major producers and consumers accusing
each other of intransigence.
    "Brazil would not tolerate a change in ICO regulations,
which others wanted changed," one senior coffee dealer said.
    The dealer, who declined to be named, said Brazil wanted to
preserve its market share. At the end of the talks, he said
Brazil hinted it could sell more than anyone else and others
would suffer.
    Brazil will be an aggressive seller under any scenario but
as yet there is no sign of unusually heavy Brazilian sales, the
dealer said.
    "If they do come into the market at this level it will go
lower and you could breach a dollar, ninety or eighty cents,"
he said.
    New York coffee futures for May delivery settled 2.29 cents
lower Thursday at 104.68 cents a lb, while more distant
deliveries fell the six-cent maximum trading limit.
    President of the Brazilian Coffee Institute, Jorio Dauster
told a press conference in Rio de Janeiro today that Brazil has
no set target for its coffee exports following the breakdown of
the ICO talks on export quotas.
    Many economists and analysts believe soybeans could be the
focus of possible stepped-up Brazilian marketing efforts. "They
will be more aggressive this year than they have ever been,"
according to Richard Loewy, analyst for Prudential-Bache
Securities Inc.
    Loewy believes the foreign debt problem, a good crop, plus
difficulties with storage would help motivate selling of the
Brazil soybean crop. "Brazilian farmers also need cash flow and
they can't afford to store the crops," he said.
    The Chicago soybean complex has been nervous for some time
about large South American crops developing under near ideal
conditions towards record yields.
    "We are going to see a very rapid decline, earlier than
usual, this year in our (U.S.) exports," Loewy said.
    Tommy Eshleman, economist for the American Soybean
Association (ASA), said this year's Brazilian soybean harvest
could total 18 mln tonnes, versus 13.7 mln last year.
    Marketings will be very aggressive this summer when prices
are usually high relative to the rest of the year due to the
vulnerability of the U.S. crop to bad growing weather.
    Another incentive to sell might be trade anticipation of a
reduction in the U.S. government soybean loan rate, offered to
farmers who give crops as collateral, Eshleman said.
    He said there has been some uncertainty this year about the
soybean loan rate, which acts as an effective floor for prices
by keeping supplies away from the free market. Farmers can
forfeit their beans to the government rather than repay the
loan.
    "We're getting into a period when they (Brazil) are
starting to harvest and starting to export," Eshleman said. But
he added it will be a while before U.S. exports fall to below
10 mln bushels a week from around 20 mln bushels currently.
    Jose Melicias from the research department of Drexel
Burnham Lambert said Brazil would be trying to export as much
as it can this year because of its economic situation.
    He said the debt situation was a major consideration. "The
Brazilian government also does not have enough money to pay for
storage," he added.
    Asked if a return to an inflationary environment in Brazil
would make farmers inclined to hold onto crops, Melicias said
it would not make a big difference.
    On other commodity markets, Brazil's selling impact may be
muted no matter its need to generate capital.
    Brazil is faced with a poor 1986/87 sugar harvest, which
could limit exports to the world market, analysts said. The
country may have oversold and be unable to honor export
commitments, and this plus higher domestic demand caused by
consumer price subsidies on ethanol and refined sugar, will
give it little room to stretch exports, they said.
    Brazil's other major crop, cocoa, is in its third year of
surplus. "Cocoa consumption is basically flat and last year it
fell, so I don't think they can start throwing out cocoa and
find many more markets for it," one analyst said.
    "If they come out as aggressive sellers, the market would
collapse and they can't afford to do that," she added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2760>
India has called a fresh buying tender
for up to four 13,000 tonne cargoes of white sugar on March 11,
traders here said.
    The tender calls for one cargo of prompt sugar and two to
three with March/April shipment sugar, or the same as the eight
cargoes bought at a tender two days ago. That tender originally
only sought two to three cargoes but resulted in the sale of
eight. India also granted the sellers options to sell twice
that amount at the same price but for April/May shipment.
    Depending on prices, traders said it would be likely for
India again to buy more than the tonnage formally sought.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2777>
The Minneapolis Grain Exchange (MGE)
will start trading futures contracts in high fructose corn
syrup on April 6 if the Commodity Futures Trading Commission
(CFTC) approves the contract as expected next week.
    Pat Henderson, spokesperson for the MGE, said the exchange
expects contract approval at CFTC's Tuesday meeting. It has
been under review since the exchange submitted the proposal in
December, 1985.
    The proposed contract is based on 48,000 pound lots of
55-pct high fructose corn syrup, the equivalent of one tank
truck of the sweetening agent derived from corn in the wet
milling process. The syrup, commonly called HFCS-55, is most
commonly used as a sweetener in soft drinks and other
beverages.
    Delivery would be by shipping certificate from production
facilities designated by the exchange. The contract, designated
by the symbol "HF," would trade from 0900 to 1315 CST. Months
traded would correspond with the Chicago corn futures months of
March, May, July, September and December.
    Contract price will be quoted per hundred weight, with a
minimum price fluctuation of one cent and maximum fluctuation
of one dlr per CWT.
    "We hope the producers and users of fructose will be
actively involved, those producers being the large processors,
the corn wet millers, and the users being the beverage
bottlers," Henderson said. "But there are potentials for all
types of people to use it. There is quite a list of industries
that utilize fructose."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2964>
Bangladesh's sugar production increased by
nearly 60,000 tonnes over last year's season to total 140,000
tonnes at the end of this year's season, the Sugar and Food
Industries Corp said.
    The increased output will enable Bangladesh to cut imports.
Corporation officials told Reuters the country has already
imported 37,000 tonnes of sugar and will buy 113,000 tonnes
more to make up shortfall in the 1986/87 year ending June 30.
    Imports in 1985/86 totalled 224,000 tonnes, of which nearly
100,000 tonnes are still in stock, they said without giving
further details.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2975>
China has raised the prices it pays
farmers for cotton, edible oil, sugar cane and beets to reverse
a decline in output in 1986, He Kang, Minister of Agriculture,
Animal Husbandry and Fisheries said.
    The China Daily quoted He as saying China should adopt
intensive farming to increase per hectare output and improve
crop quality and maintain arable land at 111 mln hectares. He
gave no details of the price increases.
    On grain, He said the state will cut the quota it purchases
from farmers by 50 mln tonnes and abolish the practice of
purchasing through agents.
    He said the state will increase investment in agriculture
and supplies of fertiliser, diesel oil and other production
materials and stabilise fertiliser and diesel oil prices.
    The state offers cheap fertiliser and diesel oil and
payment in advance to farmers who contract to supply grain at a
low state-fixed price.
    He said China aims to produce between 425 and 450 mln
tonnes of grain by 1990, up from a target of 405 mln this year
and an actual 391 mln last year.
    He gave no more details.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2976>
Australia sold 180,000 tonnes of raw
sugar to the Soviet Union for shipment in the next few weeks,
Queensland Primary Industries Minister Neville Harper said.
    Loading of a 50,000-tonne cargo on the Soviet freighter
Nikolay Kuznetsov for shipment to Odessa was completed today at
the Lucinda terminal, he said in a statement.
    The balance will be shipped from Mackay by end-March,
Harper said.
    Australia exported 159,000 tonnes of sugar to the Soviet
Union in 1986.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3191>
The staff of the Commodity Futures
Trading Commission, CFTC, recommended that the regulatory
agency approve the Minneapolis Grain Exchange's application to
trade high fructose corn syrup-55, HFCS-55, futures contracts.
    The commission is expected to approve the application at a
meeting tomorrow.
    The proposed contract would provide for the delivery of
48,000 lbs, plus or minus two pct, of bulk HFCS-55, a liquid
food and beverage sweetener produced through processed corn
starch by corn refiners.
    Under proposed rules, a shipping certificate has a limited
life, as it expires 30 days following the last day of trading
of the expiring contract month. A premium charge of 14.40 dlrs
per contract per day would be assessed under the proposal.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3228>
The following import levies for white
and raw sugar are effective tomorrow, in European currency
units (ecu) per 100 kilos.
    White sugar, denatured and non-denatured 49.70 versus 50.05
previously.
    Raw sugar, denatured and non-denatured 41.35 versus 41.35
previously.
    The rate for raws is based on 92 pct yield.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3310>
The first 23 members have been elected to
the joint traded options facility of the London Commodity
Exchange (LCE) and the International Petroleum exchange (IPE),
the exchanges said in a statement.
    More firms have applied and the final tranche will be
admitted on April one and trading is planned to start in early
June on the new trading floor on Commodity Quay.
    Traded options need a volatile and liquid futures base to
succeed and chairman of the joint formation committee Jack
Patterson said the existing LCE cocoa, coffee, sugar and IPE
gas oil contracts should have no difficulty in providing this.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3492>
The European Community (EC) Commission
declined to give an official reaction to reports that a group
of european operators plan to offer one mln tonnes of sugar
into intervention in protest at Commission export policies.
    However, a spokesman for the Commission confirmed the
offers had been made to intervention agencies in various member
states, and said it would now take up to three weeks for the
agencies concerned to complete all necessary documentation.
    The spokesman said that under current regulations, the EC
would have to accept all the offers if there were no technical
problems.
    The spokesman said the Commission would only have to
reimburse the member state for the cost of buying-in the sugar
after the product was sold out of intervention stores at a
later date.
    He said that at present there was virtually no sugar held
in intervention stores.
    Last year, 45,000 tonnes were sold into intervention and
during the 1984-85 campaign 108,000 tonnes.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3511>
Traders here and in Paris said the
results of today's EC white sugar tender are hard to forecast
because of plans by a group of French, West German, Dutch and
Belgian operators to sell one mln tonnes of sugar into
intervention.
    London traders said bids for licences have been reported
between 43.00 and 44.00 Ecus per 100 kilos and if any licences
are granted they are likely to be towards the lower end of that
range, possibly 43.30/43.50 Ecus.
    Traders in Paris said they expect maximum rebates of
between 43 and 43.50 Ecus.
    Other than the Commission releasing no sugar for export,
the likely tonnage is expected to be very small, the London
traders said, while the French sources declined to estimate
volume in view of the psychological impact of the planned sales
into intervention in protest against EC export policies.
    Last week licences for 60,500 tonnes were awarded at a
maximum rebate of 43.147 Ecus.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3577>
Johnson and Johnson said the U.S.
Food and Drug Administration has notified the company its food
additive petition for a high-intensity sweetener has been
formally accepted and now will be reviewed by the agency.
    The company said the product, with the generic name of
sucralose, is made from sugar and tastes like sugar, but is
about 600 times sweeter.
    It yields no calories and does not promote tooth decay.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3589>
Johnson and Johnson said the U.S.
Food and Drug Administration has notified the company its food
additive petition for a high-intensity sweetener has been
formally accepted and now will be reviewed by the agency.
    The company said the product, with the generic name of
sucralose, is made from sugar and tastes like sugar, but is
about 600 times sweeter.
    It yields no calories and does not promote tooth decay.
    Johnson and Johnson said the sweetner is being jointly
developed with Tate and Lyle PLC &lt;TATL>.
    Tate and Lyle is seeking approval in Canada, the United
Kingdom and other European countries, Johnson and Johnson said.
The company noted its petition covering the product and its
safety evaluation were submitted to the FDA last month.
    While awaiting FDA approval, the company said, it is
proceeding with plans for commercialization through its McNeil
Specialty Products Co subsidiary.
    Johnson and Johnson said it is operating under a licensing
agreement with Tate and Lyle, whose collaborative research with
scientists at Queen Elizabeth College in London led to the
discovery of Sucralose in 1976.
    Patents and licensing agreements control the use of
sucralose through the year 2001, Johnson and Johnson said.
    Sucralose is a chlorinated derivative of ordinary sugar.
The carbon-chloride bonds in sucralose are stable and are not
broken during digestion or metabolism.
    Sucralose is essentially not metabollized by the body. The
chlorine content enhances sweetness without providing calories.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3639>
Thai sugar production totalled 960,788
tonnes in January, an increase of 12.7 pct on January 1986,
according to figures received by the International Sugar
Organization.
    November and December production figures also exceeded last
year's totals with the result that output in the first three
months of the season showed a 23.1 pct increase over 1985/86.
Production in the November 1986 to January 1987 period totalled
1.29 mln tonnes.
    Thai exports in December and January were down, however.
January exports fell from 73,164 to 35,910 tonnes.
    Domestic consumption increased 7.3 pct to 192,069 tonnes
for the three month period, but this was not sufficient to
prevent a significant rise in stocks, which climbed to 1.62 mln
tonnes by the end of January, compared with 1.52 mln a year
earlier.
    Thai Agricultural Ministry officials have previously
forecast a decline in 1986/87 raws output to around 2.3 mln
tonnes from 2.48 mln in 1985/86.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3690>
West German sugar statistician F.O.
Licht estimates European beet plantings this year at 7.22 mln
hectares compared with a revised 1986 figure of 7.21 mln,
traders said.
    In its first estimate for 1987, it puts EC plantings at
1.85 mln hectares compared with 1.89 mln in 1986, while it
estimates sowings in Western Europe (including EC) at 2.49 mln
hectares compared with 2.50 mln in 1986.
    Traders said Licht forecasts Eastern Europe plantings at
4.73 mln hectares against 4.72 mln in 1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3701>
The West German intervention board said
about 100,000 tonnes of sugar have been offered into
intervention so far.
    A spokesman, speaking from Frankfurt, told Reuters offers
have increased recently but contracts have not yet been
concluded. A European Commission spokesman in Brussels earlier
confirmed that one mln tonnes of sugar had been offered to
intervention boards in various member states. The intervention
board spokesman in Frankfurt said, "One million tonnes is an
awful lot and the Community's coffers are almost empty. This
could turn into a serious political problem."
    West German trade sources said they believed the one mln
tonne offer by the EC sugar industry into intervention would
have a neutral market impact overall.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3792>
The overall area devoted to sugar
beet in Europe is forecast to remain stagnant this year at 7.22
mln hectares compared with 7.21 mln ha in 1986, West German
statistician F.O. Licht said.
    It was feared that the recent steep rise in sugar prices
would have a marked effect on planting intentions this year,
Licht said, but judging by this first estimate the effect was
probably minimal.
    The total beet area in the European Community is forecast
to fall two pct to 1.85 mln ha against 1.89 mln in 1986.
    The total Western Europe area is put at 2.49 mln ha,
against 2.50 mln in 1986. Eastern Europe area is forecast at
4.73 mln ha against 4.72 mln.
    Individual West Europe country estimates, in 1,000 hectares
(with 1986 figures in brackets), are, Belgium/Luxembourg 114
(118), Denmark 69 (69), France 419 (421), Greece 35 (44),
Ireland 36 (38), Italy 270 (275), Netherlands 129 (138),
Portugal 1 (1), Spain 192 (190), U.K. 200 (201), West Germany
385 (399), Austria 32 (28), Finland 30 (31), Sweden 51 (52),
Switzerland 15 (14), Turkey 355 (340), Yugoslavia 160 (136).
    Eastern Europe plantings are forecast as follows, USSR 3400
(3440), Albania 10 (9), Bulgaria 52 (50), Czechoslovakia 195
(196), East Germany 210 (205), Hungary 108 (96), Poland 460
(440), Romania 295 (280).
    On the basis of average yields this year, Licht said these
area forecasts pointed to a total European beet sugar crop in
1987/88 of 29.8 mln tonnes, raw value, down from 31.4 mln
tonnes in 1986/87. Licht said sugar yields were fairly high
last season, thanks to favourable weather, and this increases
the chances of a significant reduction in production in
1987/88.
    Based on average yields, EC beet sugar production could
fall nearly 10 pct this year to 13.5 mln tonnes from 14.9 mln
in 1986/87, while total Western Europe production could be 16.9
mln tonnes against 18.1 mln. Eastern Europe production could be
12.9 mln tonnes against 13.3 mln in 1986/87.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3928>
The European Community Commission has
told EC member states that it is not prepared to discuss EC
sugar prices while sugar traders threaten to make a huge sale
into intervention stocks to protest against its policies,
Commission sources said.
    "Our position is that we are not willing to discuss the
problems of market prices at a time when traders are making
threats," one source said.
    The sources said the Commission's view was made clear at a
meeting of its sugar management committee today.
    They said French, West German and Dutch officials had
informed the committee that traders in their countries intended
to sell just over 850,000 tonnes of sugar into EC intervention
stocks.
    The Commission riposted by signalling that it would sell
the sugar sold into intervention back onto the EC market by
tender, a move that would push down prices.
    The sources said French traders planned to sell 775,000
tonnes into intervention stocks, West German traders 7,500
tonnes and Dutch traders 2,500.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4077>
China's wheat imports in January were
218,000 tonnes, down from 393,000 in January 1986, the China
Daily Business Weekly said, quoting customs figures.
    It said imports of sugar were 25,165 tonnes, down from
54,000, but exports of rice rose to 71,144 tonnes from 20,000.
It gave no more details.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4096>
Dutch sugar traders deny involvement
in a plan to offer more than 850,000 tonnes of sugar to
intervention in protest at EC export policy and prices, traders
told Reuters.
    Although some 2,500 tonnes of sugar have been offered to
intervention in the Netherlands, Dutch producers and traders
said this sugar was actually Belgian and was being offered by
the Belgian industry.
    "We sympathise with the actions of the French, West German
and Belgian traders and producers, but we are not party to it,"
a spokesman said.
    EC Commission sources said yesterday French traders planned
to sell 775,000 tonnes into intervention stocks, West German
traders 75,000 tonnes and Dutch traders 2,500. Dutch trade
sources gave the same figure for France, but estimated up to
110,000 tonnes offered by German traders and producers.
    The Dutch spokesman added, "The weekly export tender policy
and prices are squeezing the European sugar industry, and this
is the only way in which they can really register their
protest.
    "These are desperate actions, but we believe that most of
this offered sugar will be withdrawn within the three-week
breathing space allowed."
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4099>
India yesterday bought two cargoes of
white sugar from London traders for April/May shipment and
granted the trade houses the option to sell an additional two
cargoes at the same price for May/June shipment, the firms
involved said.
    E D and F Man and Woodhouse, Drake and Carey both said they
sold single cargoes at 237.35 dlrs a tonne cif for April/May
and were granted options to sell an extra cargo each at the
same price for May/June at the Indian buying tender for three
to four cargoes of whites held yesterday. The tender had called
for a single cargo of prompt and two to three cargoes of
April/May.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4117>
Hungary is to grow sugar beet on
105,000 hectares of land this year compared with some 95,000 in
1986, the official MTI news agency said.
    Diplomats said this reflected Hungary's policy of keeping
the sugar beet area stable under the current five-year plan
(1985-89) and producing enough to cover only domestic demand
despite the recent rise of world prices to 10 month highs.
    Drought cut the 1986 harvest to 3.58 mln tonnes from 4.07
mln in 1985. But a record yield of 130 kilos per tonne of beet
kept production at 454,000 tonnes, with 30,000 extra refined in
Yugoslavia from Hungarian beet. Output was 483,000 in 1985.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4630>
China has to decide if it will increase
sugar imports this year to cover falling domestic output and
rising demand, in view of market predictions that international
sugar prices will remain firm this year, traders and the
official press said.
    He Kang, Minister of Agriculture, Animal Husbandry and
Fisheries, said this week that China has adjusted the
purchasing price for sugar cane and beet to check a drop in
production last year but he gave no price details.
    One Japanese trader said domestic demand is rising rapidly
because of improving living standards and rising demand for
sweet drinks, cakes and biscuits and other sugary foods.
    "It will not be easy to cut domestic demand, even in a
state-controlled economy. China may have to import," he said.
    Customs figures show imports fell to 1.182 mln tonnes in
1986 from 1.909 mln in 1985 and fell to 25,165 tonnes in
January 1987 from 54,000 in January 1986.
    The official Economic Information newspaper last month said
production in the 1986/87 crushing season (September-April)
will be 1.18 mln tonnes short of demand.
    The paper put 1986/87 output at 4.82 mln, down from 5.24
mln in 1985/86, and domestic demand at about six mln tonnes.
    "In the last two years, acreage under sugar cane and beet
has fallen, sugar mills are underutilised, output has dropped
and cannot meet demand that is rising every day," it said.
    "The country will have to continue imports of sugar and draw
down stocks to meet market demand," it added.
    It quoted the Ministry of Light Industry as blaming the
drop in output on unreasonable state purchasing prices for cane
and beet as against other crops, which has resulted in farmers
refusing to grow them.
    The paper said in 1985 a farmer could earn up to three
times more per hectare from pineapple and watermelon and up to
seven times more from bananas than from sugarcane. He could
sell grain on the free market at 560 yuan a tonne, against only
70 yuan a tonne for sugarcane.
    Sugar mills are suffering because refined sugar prices have
not changed for 20 years despite rising costs, it said.
    In Fujian, the cost of producing one tonne rose to 702 yuan
in 1985 from 520.1 in 1980, cutting the mills' profit to 117
yuan a tonne from 217.9, it added.
    The paper said unreasonable pricing resulted in 144 of the
442 sugar mills working in the 1985/86 crushing season losing
money. China has 521 sugar mills.
    A foreign agricultural expert forecast a drop in cane
acreage in 1986/87 (September-August) of up to 10 pct in
Guangdong, which produced 45 pct of China's sugar in calendar
1985, and a smaller drop in Fujian, which produced 11 pct of
China's sugar in calendar 1985.
    He said both provinces are more developed than other
sugar-producing areas and more sensitive to demand from cities.
    But cane acreage in Guangxi and Yunnan, which accounted for
28 pct of the 1985 crop, has risen by 10 to 30 pct in 1986/87,
because cane-growing is more economic there, he said.
    He put sugar stocks at 2.333 mln tonnes in September 1986.
    A Hong Kong trader estimated stocks at more than three mln
at end-January. "Now they are falling but (they) have not
reached the critical level, compelling China to import quickly,"
he said.
    "China has options not easily available in western
countries. It controls stocks strictly and can release less
into the consumer market if stocks fall too quickly," he said.
    The Hong Kong trader said calendar 1987 imports will be
slightly less than those of 1986, because of firm world prices
and serious foreign exchange constraints which, he said, are
likely to continue until at least end-1988.
    He said nearly all cane and beet is sold to the state-owned
mills, with a small amount sold raw to consumers.
    "Most of the mills are old and inefficient, with many of
them using Soviet equipment imported in the 1950s," he said.
    He said demand in rural areas will in future rise an annual
four pct, with demand in the cities rising an annual two pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4898>
Cuban sugar export figures for January
suggest that this year's crop may be at least as large as last
year's 7.35 mln tonnes, according to sugar analysts.
    Exports in January totalled 733,000 tonnes raw value, up
from 725,000 a year earlier, according to figures received by
the International Sugar Organization.
    January is the first major export month and the figures
thus give a good indication of the current crop, they said.
Fourth quarter exports fell to 622,000 tonnes from 909,000
tonnes a year earlier, but this was because Cuba was destocking
at the end of 1985, they added.
    Trade house C Czarnikow recently estimated production this
year at 7.50 mln tonnes.
    Cuban sugar production in the third quarter of 1986 was
12,000 tonnes, giving a final 1985/86 crop total of 7.35 mln
tonnes, compared with a 1984/85 crop of 8.10 mln tonnes.
    There is normally no third quarter production in Cuba, but
a hurricane meant that last year's crop was extended.
    Exports to the USSR were substantially down in January at
362,000 tonnes from 489,000 in January 1986, but other Comecon
countries received 210,000 tonnes, against 80,000 tonnes in the
same month last year, figures received by the ISO show.
    Bulgaria, Czechoslovakia, Poland and Romania all took
substantially more Cuban sugar.
    Cuba's November 1986 exports totalled 158,000 tonnes,
compared with 190,000 tonnes in 1985, and December's total was
237,000 tonnes, down from 518,000 tonnes the year before.
Calendar year exports for 1986 were also lower at 6.69 mln
tonnes against 7.21 mln in 1985 -- the lowest level since
1980's 6.19 mln tonnes, the figures show.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4965>
Any further decline in raw sugar prices
is likely to attract buying from the Soviet Union and China,
Woodhouse, Drake and Carey said in their latest weekly market
report.
    Present lower terminal values may be a reflection of the
lack of renewed prompt offtake, particularly from these two
large consumers, the report said.
    The week has seen good demand for Thai raws, particulary
for October/December shipment, which has traded above twenty
points premium to the October New York delivery, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5175>
Taiwan is not expected to export sugar
this year because of falling production and growing domestic
consumption, state-owned Taiwan Sugar Corp said.
    A company spokesman told Reuters this will be the first
time in more than 40 years Taiwan has not exported sugar. Last
year, sugar exports totalled 149,755 tonnes.
    He said the actual production during the 1986/87 season
(November/May) is about 480,000 tonnes, barely enough to meet
local consumption. This compares with actual 1985/86 output of
570,000. He said the production fall was due to typhoon damage
to more than 6,000 hectares of canefields last year.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5214>
European sugar beet plantings are
expected to show little change from last year, despite recent
firmness in world prices, analysts and industry sources said.
    A Reuter survey of planting intentions showed that while,
so far, European Community (EC) growers plan unchanged to lower
areas, increases are expected in some Eastern European nations.
    Trade analysts said their private reports give similar
results and do not differ significantly from the first estimate
of stagnant 1987 European beet plantings made last week by West
German sugar statistician F. O. Licht.
    Areas may be slightly lower but analysts and agricultural
experts said the steady rise in yields resulting from improved
seed varieties and better farming techniques could offset this.
In recent years, good autumn weather has given yields a late
boost, making up for lower areas despite some disappointing
starts to growing seasons.
    Changes in EC areas reflect the extent to which producers
will grow so-called "C" sugar for unsubsidised sale to the world
market. This is what is produced in excess of the basic area
needed to meet the EC "A" and "B" quotas, which receive full and
partial price support, respectively.
    Some analysts said the open row that broke out last week
between producers and the EC commission over its export policy
could have serious implications for future sugar output.
    Beet producers have threatened to effectively dump nearly
one mln tonnes of white sugar into EC intervention stocks as
they feel export subsidies have been too low to compensate for
the gap between high EC internal and low world market prices.
    However, with the EC budget stretched to breaking point,
this could give treasury ministers extra resolve in resisting
higher guaranteed sugar prices and build a case for a future
cut in the basic "A" and "B" quotas, they added.
    In France, the largest producer of EC quota and non quota
sugar, the sugar market intervention board FIRS said first
planting intentions indicate an area about the same as last
year's 421,000 hectares, nine pct below the previous year.
    "The basic trend is towards stability," a FIRS spokesman
said. Unlike world market raw sugar prices in dollars, white
sugar French franc prices are not particularly high and are not
encouraging higher planting levels, he said. Beet sugar output
last year was 3.37 mln tonnes, with an average yield of 8.00
tonnes per ha, the highest in the EC apart from the Netherlands
but below 8.52 the previous year and a five year average 8.11.
    In West Germany, recent price rises have not altered plans,
since planting decisions were taken a few months ago, industry
sources said. The farm ministry said a December survey is still
valid and plantings should be cut slightly after being trimmed
by just under four pct in 1986 when yields were above average.
    Licht last week estimated West German plantings at a
reduced 385,000 hectares against 399,000 last year.
    British Sugar Plc, the monopoly beet processor, has signed
up U.K. Farmers to grow 8.1 mln tonnes of beet. This should
yield about 1.25 mln tonnes of whites. Last year's crop
equalled the second highest ever at 1.32 mln tonnes.
    British Sugar has "A" and "B" quotas totalling 1.144 mln tonnes
of whites and its "C" output is due to improved yields from more
consistent disease-resistant seed types.
    Recent price rises have not altered Polish plans, Wincenty
Nowicki, a deputy director of Cukropol, the Amalgamated Sugar
Industry Enterprises, said. World prices are still below Polish
production costs and there is no way to convince farmers to
increase the area above the already signed contracted level.
    The national plan, set before prices began to rise, put
plantings this year at 460,000 hectares, against 425,000 in
1986, Nowicki said. Last year production was 1.74 mln tonnes.
    World prices have less impact in Italy than in France or
Germany as it is traditionally not an exporter but is geared to
the domestic market, an official at the national beet growers'
association said. Italian sowings are not yet complete but
surveys suggest a drop from last year's 270,000 ha, especially
in the north where some farmers have switched to soya.
    Beet output last season of 15.5 mln tonnes yielded a higher
than expected 1.72 mln tonnes of white sugar.
    Dutch plantings are expected to fall to 130,000 ha from a
record 137,600 in 1986 as a new self-imposed quota system comes
into force, a spokesman for Centrale Suiker, the second largest
Dutch sugar processor, said.
    The new system aims for an average of around 915,000 tonnes
of white sugar and to cut output of "C" sugar. Last year, the
Netherlands produced a record 1.2 mln tonnes of white sugar
against a combined "A" and "B" quota of only 872,000 tonnes.
    "The world price of sugar would have to rise much higher
than it has done recently to make planned production of "C" sugar
really worthwhile," the spokesman said.
    Western agricultural experts in Moscow said Soviet planting
intentions are likely to be unchanged. Licht put this year's
Soviet beet area at 3.40 mln ha, against 3.44 mln last year.
    Hungary is expanding its beet area to 105,000 ha from some
95,000 in 1986, the official MTI news agency said, but
diplomats said policy is to balance supply with domestic
demand.
    The Spanish ministry of agriculture said beet sowings are
estimated unchanged at 180,000 ha this year.
    A spokesman for Denmark's largest beet concern, De Danske
Sukkerfabrikker A/S, said its 1987 sugar target was unchanged
from 1986 at 365,000 tonnes from a steady area of 60,000 ha.
    In Sweden, where beet is grown just to meet domestic
demand, the planted area is seen little changed at 51,000 ha
against 51,300 last year, according to a spokesman for sugar
company Svenska Sockerfabriks AB.
    Last year, Irish yields were the lowest for 10 years due to
late sowings and the state-run Irish Sugar Plc said the 1987
plantings target is the equivalent of 36,400 hectares, down
from 37,600 in 1986.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5835>
Indonesian sugar output is forecast by
the government to reach 2.126 mln tonnes in calendar 1987
against projected consumption of 2.039 mln tonnes, Agriculture
Minister Achmad Affandi said.
    Production in 1986, when Indonesia was forced to import
sugar, is officially estimated at 2.016 mln tonnes against
1.728 mln in 1985.
    The U.S. Embassy said in its annual Agriculture Report on
Indonesia there were growing signs that actual output was lower
than official figures. It estimated 1986 production at 1.8 mln
tonnes and forecast little change for 1987.
    Indonesia imported 162,000 tonnes of sugar towards the end
of last year and in early 1987 to boost low stocks.
    Affandi told reporters stocks fe&#127;l to as low as 159,000
tonnes at the beginning of 1987. Industry sources said this
represented under one month's consumption.
    The minister said Indonesia should hold three months'
supply, or 510,000 tonnes.
    A spokesman for the National Logistics Bureau, which
distributes and stores sugar, said stocks this month were
489,437 tonnes. The harvesting season begins in April.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6486>
A total 60,500 tonnes of current series
white sugar received export rebates of a maximum 44.819
European Currency Units (Ecus) per 100 kilos at today's
European Community (EC) tender, the U.K. Intervention Board
said.
    Out of this, traders in France received 18,000 tonnes, in
Denmark 15,000, in West Germany 12,250, in the Netherlands
12,000 and in Belgium 3,250 tonnes, it added.
    Earlier today, London traders had expected the subsidy for
the current season whites campaign for licences to end-Aug to
be between 44.10 and 44.50 Ecus per 100 kilos.
    Traders had also forecast today's total authorised sugar
tonnage export awards to be between 60,000 and 70,000 tonnes
versus 71,000 last week when the restitution was 43.248 Ecus.
    Cumulative export authorisations for the current 1986/87
season now stand at 1,915,270 tonnes (40 weeks).
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6657>
Latin American sugar producers
are awaiting further rises in world market prices before moving
to boost production, official and trade sources said.
    Although prices have risen to around eight from five U.S.
Cents per lb in the past six months, they are still below the
region's nine to ten cents per lb average production cost.
    The recent rise in prices has placed producers on the
alert, Manuel Rico, a consultant with the Group of Latin
American and Caribbean Sugar Exporting Countries (GEPLACEA),
told Reuters.
    However, Rico said, it would require another five to seven
cents to stimulate notable increases in output.
    "Producers are taking measures for increasing their
production when the prices are profitable," he said.
    Officials in Mexico, Guatemala and Ecuador said a continued
rise in prices would stimulate production, but industry leaders
in Panama and Costa Rica said there was still a long way to go.
    "The prices are ridiculous," said Julian Mateo, vice
president of Costa Rica's Sugar Cane Industrial-Agricultural
League. "At current prices nobody is going to consider
increasing production."
    Other producers are wary of committing funds to increasing
output, given the instability of world markets.
    An official at Colombia's National Association of Sugar
Cane Growers said they had no plans to raise export targets.
"The market is very unstable. What is happening is not yet
giving way to a pattern and so there is no reason to modify
anything."
    In 1985, the latest year for which full figures are
available, Central and South American nations produced 28 mln
tonnes, raw value, of sugar of which 12.3 mln were exported. A
year earlier, they had produced and exported about 800,000
more, according to the London-based International Sugar
Organization.
    Years of continuous low prices have plunged the sugar
industry in many countries in the region into a recession from
which it will be hard to recover.
    Miguel Guerrero, director of the Dominican Republic's
National Sugar Institute, said it would be difficult to boost
production even if prices recovered sharply.
    Output had slumped to under 450,000 tonnes a year from
900,000 in the late 1970s. Obsolete refineries, poor transport
and badly maintained plantations were barriers to any short
term recovery in output, he added.
    Plans of nearby Cuba, the world's largest cane sugar
exporter, to increase output to 10 mln tonnes a year by the end
of the decade seem ambitious, trade sources said. Output is
running well below the record 8.6 mln produced in 1970.
    Cuba suffers from run down plantations, harvesting problems
and poor processing facilities more than from low world prices,
since much of its output is sold to Eastern Bloc countries
under special deals. Last year, bad weather added to its
troubles, and output fell to 7.2 mln tonnes from 8.2 mln in
1985.
    The low world prices of recent years have led many
countries in the region to cut exportable production to levels
where they barely cover U.S. And, in the case of some Caribbean
countries, European Community (EC) import quotas, for which
they receive prices well above free market levels.
    Progressive reductions in the U.S. Quotas have led to
production stagnating or falling rather than being shifted to
the free world market.
    Peru, for example, shipped 96,000 tonnes to the U.S. In
both 1983 and 1984. This fell to 76,000 in 1986 and this year
its quota is only 37,000.
    A national cooperative official said that, as long as world
market levels continue at around half of Peru's production
cost, the future of the industry is uncertain.
    At a meeting of GEPLACEA in Brazil last October officials
stressed the need to find alternative uses for sugar cane
which, according to the group's executive-secretary Eduardo
Latorre, "grows like a weed" throughout the region.
    Brazil, the largest cane producer with output of around 240
mln tonnes, uses over half to produce alcohol fuel. Cane in
excess of internal demand for alcohol and sugar is refined into
sugar for sale abroad to earn much needed foreign currency.
    The difference in the price the state-run Sugar and Alcohol
Institute (IAA) pays local industry and what it receives from
foreign buyers costs the government some 350 mln dlrs a year.
    Soaring domestic demand for both alcohol and sugar over the
past year, coupled with a drought-reduced cane crop, has meant
Brazil will have difficulties in meeting export commitments in
1987, trade sources said. Negotiations to delay shipments to
next year have been indecisive so far, the main sticking point
being how Brazil should compensate buyers for non-delivery of
sugar it had sold at around five cents per lb and which would
cost eight cents to replace.
    Brazilian sugar industry sources said new sugar export
sales were expected to be extremely low for the next year, with
the Institute wary of exposing itself to domestic shortages of
either alcohol or sugar and because of the need to rebuild
depleted reserve stockpiles.
    However, the situation could change dramatically if the
economy goes into recession and internal demand slumps.
    Sources within Latin America and the Caribbean hold little
hope for the region's sugar industry to return to profitability
unless the U.S. And EC change their policies.
    "The agricultural policies of the European Community and of
the United States have caused our economies incalculable harm
by closing their markets, by price deterioration in
international commerce and furthermore by the unfair
competition in third countries," Brazil's Trade and Industry
Minister Jose Hugo Castelo Branco told the October GEPLACEA
meeting.
    The EC has come under prolonged attack from GEPLACEA for
what the group charges is its continued dumping of excess
output on world markets. GEPLACEA officials say this is the
main cause of low prices.
    GEPLACEA sees a new International Sugar Agreement which
would regulate prices as one of the few chances of pulling the
region's industry out of steady decline. Such an agreement
would have to have both U.S. And EC backing and industrialised
countries would have to see it as a political rather than a
merely economic pact.
    "They have to realise that the more our economies suffer,
the less capcity we have to buy their goods and repay the
region's 360 billion dollar foreign debt," GEPLACEA's Latorre
said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6935>
European sugar output on the basis of
three year average yields will be over half a mln tonnes white
value down on last year although yields do vary widely from
year to year, broker C Czarnikow said in its market review.
    European Community sowings are likely to be down compared
with last year. There have been suggestions these sowings might
respond to the recent upsurge in world prices, but Czarnikow
said "it is not the sort of fact that easily becomes known."
    The broker bases its forecasts on Licht planting estimates
which put W Germany, the Netherlands and USSR lower but
Hungary, Romania, Poland, Turkey and Yugoslavia higher.
    Czarnikow's projections in mlns tonnes white value and
three differing yields include
      '87/88  max      aver      min    1986/87
 France       3.57     3.42     3.28       3.44
 W Germany    3.08     2.88     2.64       3.19
 EC          13.82    13.01    12.13      13.76
 W Europe    17.71    16.45    14.98      16.71
 Poland       2.02     1.80     1.13       1.74
 USSR         8.65     7.60     5.71       8.05
 E Europe    13.87    12.14     9.08      12.44
 All Europe  31.58    28.58    24.06      29.15
  REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6939>
Cuban sugar output this season (1986/87)
is put at around 7.5 mln tonnes raw value by broker C.Czarnikow
in its monthly sugar market review.
    Allowing for around 700,000 tonnes for the current year's
domestic usage it would leave around 6.8 mln tonnes for export
of which, Czarnikow estimates, about 3.7 mln tonnes will be
taken by the USSR, 1.530 mln by other socialist countries and
the remainder for delivery to non-socialist bloc destinations.
    Czarnikow also estimated USSR 1986/87 production at 8.75
mln tonnes raw value which when added to the 3.7 mln imports
from Cuba and set against its estimated domestic and export
needs of 14.2 mln tonnes will leave a gap of 1.75 mln tonnes to
be acquired from the world market. Soviet purchases to date may
not be far short of that quantity, Czarnikow said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6998>
The rebate granted at yesterday's EC
sugar tender represents some concession to producers'
complaints that they are losing money on exports outside the
bloc, EC Commission officials said.
    The maximum rebate of 44.819 European currency units (Ecus)
per 100 kilos was 1.3 Ecus below what producers say is needed
to obtain the equivalent price to that offered for sales into
intervention.
    The rebate at last week's tender was 2.5 Ecus per 100 kilos
short of the level producers said was needed, the officials
said.
    The officials said the Commission is not negotiating with
producers who have offered a total of 854,000 tonnes of sugar
for sale into intervention in an apparent attempt to persuade
it to offer higher rebates.
    They said the French and German producers involved are now
unable to withdraw this offer before April 1 when the sugar
will officially enter intervention stores.
    Payment for it is due five weeks later, and it will be open
to them to withdraw their offers at any time between April 1
and the official payment date when the Commission officially
takes ownership of the sugar, the officials said.
    The officials said if the Commission has to buy the sugar,
it is determined to immediately resell it, a move which would
drive down market prices further.
    They expressed some hope that the operators would not
eventually go through with their plan for intervention sales.
    "We think they realise they have gone too far," one official
said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7308>
Sugar which EC producers plan to sell
into intervention may be offered by the European Commission for
sale within the Community, broker C. Czarnikow says in its
latest sugar review.
    The Commission will propose to offer the sugar at a very
nominal premium of 0.01 European Currency Unit (Ecu) to the
intervention price, with detrimental consequences for
producers' returns, Czarnikow says. The move is seen as an
attempt to persuade the producers to take back the surrendered
sugar.
    The Commission may also take other steps to dissuade
producers from their chosen course, such as removing the time
limit on storage contracts, which presently means that
intervention stocks have to be removed by the end of September,
Czarnikow says. There is also the possibility of production
quotas being reduced.
    If the Commission decided to offer the sugar to traders for
export, the restitutions would have to be higher than those at
recent export tenders, Czarnikow notes. To match the difference
between the EC price and the world market price, the extra
costs might be as much as 20 Ecus per tonne, it says.
    The producers might have to repay these costs through
production levies and the proposed special elimination levy,
Czarnikow says, but it would be several months before any costs
could be recovered under EC rules.
    The primary cause of the plan to sell 775,000 tonnes of
sugar into intervention in France is dissatisfaction with the
EC export program as the restitution has increasingly failed to
bridge the gap between the EC price and the world market price,
Czarnikow notes. The French move is thus seen as a form of
protest designed to force the Commission's hand.
    In West Germany, 79,250 tonnes have been tendered for
intervention, but Czarnikow says the motive here is to ensure
that the 1986/87 price is paid for sugar that was produced in
1986. In addition to a two pct cut in the intervention price,
West German producers face a further price reduction in July
with a probable revaluation of the "green" mark.
    Even if the immediate crisis is resolved, the problem is
not expected to disappear permanently. It has appeared to
traders for some years that the EC's export policy is
insufficiently responsive to changing patterns of demand, it
says.
    The weekly tenders should respond to fluctuating demand by
increasing or reducing the tonnage awarded, Czarnikow says,
suggesting that the Commission might also take steps to cut
down the amount of "unnecessary bureaucracy" surrounding the
export tender system.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7501>
Costa Rica has agreed to sell more
than 32,000 tonnes of sugar this year to the Soviet Union, a
spokesman for local producers said.
     Miguel Alfaro, president of the agricultural league of the
sugar cane industry, said the sale follows a recent 50 pct cut
in Costa Rica's quota for sugar exports to the U.S.
    Alfaro said up to 45,000 tonnes of sugar could be exported
to the Soviet Union this year under the deal, which is similar
to one the Soviets made recently with the Dominican Republic.
    A Soviet ship will load 25,000 tonnes at the Pacific port
of Punta Morales Monday, Alfaro said, and a second ship will
take an additional 7,107 tonnes two days later.
    Alfaro and other industry sources declined to disclose the
price at which the sugar was sold.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7510>
Dominican Alfredo Ricart will take over
as executive director of the International Sugar Organization
(ISO) in mid-April, ISO officer in charge Constantin Politoff
said.
    Previous ISO chief William Miller retired at end-February
last year.
    Ricart told Reuters his first aim is put the "house in order"
by having a new administrative sugar pact with improved
allocations of voting rights and financial contributions.
    Once this is done, time can be dedicated to working towards
a new International Sugar Agreement (ISA) with economic
clauses, he said.
    Ricart, currently the Dominican Republic's ambassador to
Austria, the Netherlands and the UN in Geneva, said he will
visit the four major exporters - Australia, Brazil, Cuba and
the European Community - to talk to governments and producers
and find out about problems that are preventing these countries
finding common ground for a new sugar pact.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7512>
The International Sugar Agreement (ISA)
will be renegotiated, International Sugar Organization (ISO)
officer in charge Constantin Politoff told Reuters after a
special session of the pact's council.
    A decision on how to renegotiate will be taken at the ISO
six monthly session in May. The alternatives are between an
autumn London conference for another pact without economic
clauses, but a different voting and budgetary structure, or a
Geneva-based conference next year for a new pact with economic
clauses, he said.
    But delegates said the latter would only be considered if
the world's four major exporters -- Australia, Brazil, Cuba and
the European Community -- can resolve differences over how
prices can best be supported and how to share the world
    Today's special session was called because the U.S. earlier
indicated it would only be able to pay 56 pct of its share of
the ISO budget.
    At today's council session Politoff said the U.S. would try
and find a way to pay the balance of about 50,000 stg later
this year. Currently, about three quarters of this year's ISO
800,000 stg budget has not been paid but delegates said the
U.S. caused controversy as it said it might not pay its full
contribution in the last year of the current pact.
    The Soviet Union has called for changes to the way the ISO
budget is shared out. Currently it is halved between importers
and exporters and the Soviet Union has a 30 pct share of the
importer half. The Soviets want a new sugar pact to have only a
single category of members who would all share the costs pro
rata to their share of world sugar trade.
    The ISO executive committee next meets on April 23 with the
next full council session in the week of May 19.
    There are 12 importing and 44 exporting members of the ISO.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7545>
Three geographically diverse droughts
in Asia are being linked by some scientists to a
reintensification of the complex and little-understood El Nino
weather pattern, &lt;Accu-Weather Inc>, a commercial weather
forecasting service, said.
    Rice and wheat farmers in China, wheat and sugarcane
growers in Australia and tea planters in Sri Lanka all face
serious losses to their respective harvests unless rains arrive
in time to break the droughts, offical reports, government
officials and meteorologists said.
    Wen Wei Po, a Hong Kong daily with close Peking links, said
the drought is the worst in over 20 years and some provinces
have been without adequate rainfall for more than seven months.
    Rice planting is threatened in eight provinces, it added.
    Rainfall in the key farming provinces of Henan and Sichuan
was 70 pct below average during February, the lowest figure for
over 20 years, the paper said.
    The dry weather has cut stored water volumes by over 20 pct
compared with last March and lowered the water levels of many
rivers, it added.
    This has resulted in reduced hydro-electric power, causing
shortages to industry and households. The upper reaches of the
Yangtze are at their lowest levels in a century, causing many
ships to run aground, Wen Wei Po said.
    Unusually high temperatures have also been reported across
China, media reports said. The People's Daily said Sichuan has
recorded temperatures three degrees Celsius higher than average
since early February.
    The New China News Agency said the average December
temperature in Harbin in the northeast was six degrees higher
than last December and 14 degrees higher than December 1984.
    Severe drought is affecting about one-third of Sri Lanka
and threatens to reduce the country's tea crop, Ministry of
Plantation Industries officials told Reuters
    In Australia, concern is growing about below-average
rainfall levels in parts of the sugarcane belt along the
Queensland coast and in Western Australia's wheat belt, local
Meteorological Bureau officials said.
    For many farmers and government officials the fear is that
while the present low rainfall does not yet pose a major
threat, the prospect of a dry autumn/winter season when the
wheat crop is in its early stages certainly does, they added.
    Concern is heightened by the memory of the 1982/83 drought
which devastated the wheat crop and coincided with the
occurrence of the barely understood weather phenomenon known as
El Nino, they said.
    Although meteorologists are cautious about linking the
Asia-Pacific region's disrupted weather patterns to any single
cause, El Nino's role is being closely studied, they said.
    Accu-Weather Inc, which specialises in providing data for
agriculture and shipping interests, said each El Nino 'event'
was unique.
    The El Nino does not always produce the same effects and
the present occurrence is much less pronounced than the last
major event in 1982/83, it said.
    El Nino, Spanish for "Christ Child" because it appears around
Christmas, is formed by the action of warm air, bearing clouds
and rain, shifting from the Indonesian archipelago to the coast
of Peru, where it mingles with the cold waters associated with
the Peru current and returns across the Pacific as the trade
winds, meteorologists said.
    The winds, strengthened by El Nino's "pump" effect, raise the
sea level off Australia and Indonesia, they said.
    When the winds drop, the ocean, seeking equilibrium, sends
a surge of warmer water back across the Pacific where it
collides with the cold seas off Peru, they said.
    One effect of this heat exchange is to deflect the
rain-bearing clouds away from Australia and Indonesia into the
Pacific, where they further disrupt other weather patterns.
    The prospects for an end to the droughts vary, Accu-Weather
said.
    China, where the affected areas have received between 40
and 75 pct of normal rainfall, will have to wait for the
May-September rains, it said.
    The May-September rains normally provide the
drought-striken areas with 80 pct of annual rainfall.
    In Australia, areas of Queensland's coastal strip have
received less than half the normal rainfall during the current
wet season, but prospects for increased rains are diminishing
as the rainy season draws to an end.
    In Sri Lanka, the drought has come when rainfall should be
at its maximum for the year. The year's secondary rains usually
occur between April and June, although it is not possible at
this stage to forecast whether they will arrive as usual.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7569>
The Agriculture Ministry said it revised
its April-June sugar consumption estimate down to 623,300
tonnes on a refined basis, from 637,800 estimated at the end of
December.
    It said the estimate for domestically produced sugar supply
for the same period was revised to 190,400 tonnes from the
earlier estimate of 195,100 tonnes, while imports were revised
to 402,000 tonnes from the earlier 435,800 tonnes.
    It did not revise its sugar consumption estimate of 2.53
mln tonnes for the 1986/87 sugar year ending September 30.
    The ministry said the estimate for the 1986/87 year's
supply of domestically produced sugar was revised to 881,000
tonnes, from the earlier estimate of 863,000.
    The estimate for 1986/87 imports was revised to 1.642 mln
tonnes, from an earlier 1.645 mln tonnes.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8004>
The U.S. Agriculture Department 
formally transmitted to Congress a long-awaited proposal to
drastically slash the sugar loan rate and compensate growers
for the cut with targeted income payments.
    In a letter to the Congressional leadership accompanying
the "Sugar Program Improvements Act of 1987", Peter Myers,
Deputy Agriculture Secretary, said the Reagan administration
wants the sugar loan rate cut to 12 cents per pound beginning
with the 1987 crop, down from 18 cts now.
    Sugarcane and beet growers would be compensated by the
government for the price support cut with targeted income
payments over the four years 1988 to 1991. The payments would
cost an estimated 1.1 billion dlrs, Myers said.
    The administration sugar proposal is expected to be
introduced in the House of Representatives next week by Rep.
John Porter, R-Ill.
    Congressional sources said the program cut is so drastic it
is unlikely to be adopted in either the House or Senate because
politically-influential sugar and corn growers
and high fructose corn syrup producers will strongly resist.
    The direct payment plan outlined by the administration 
targets subsidies to small cane and beet growers and gradually
lowers payments over four years. It also excludes from payment
any output exceeding 20,000 short tons raw sugar per grower.
    For example, on the first 350 tons of production, a grower
would receive 6 cts per lb in fiscal 1988, 4.5 cts in 1989, 3
cts in 1990 and 1.5 cts in 1991.
    The income payments would be based on the amount of
commercially recoverable sugar produced by a farmer in the 1985
or 1986 crop years, whichever is less, USDA said.
    Myers said the administration is proposing drastic changes
in the sugar program because the current high price support is
causing adverse trends in the sugar industry.
    He said the current program has artificially stimulated
domestic sugar and corn sweetener production which has allowed
corn sweeteners to make market inroads.
    U.S. sugar consumption has declined which has resulted in a
"progressive contraction" of the sugar import quota to only one
mln short tons this year, he said. This has hurt cane sugar
refiners who rely on imported sugar processing.
    Furthermore, USDA said the current sugar program gives
overseas manufacturers of sugar-containing products a
competitive advantage. The result has been higher imports of
sugar-containing products and a flight of U.S. processing
facilities overseas to take advantage of cheaper sugar.
    USDA also said the current program imposes a heavy cost on
U.S. consumers and industrial users. In fiscal 1987, USDA said
consumers are paying nearly two billion dlrs more than
necessary for sugar.
    "Enactment of this bill will reduce the price gap between
sweeteners and help to correct or stabilize the many adverse
impacts and trends which the sugar industry is currently
facing," Myers said.
    The following table lists the rate of payments, in cts per
lb, to growers and the quantity covered, in short tons
recoverable raw sugar, under the administration's proposal to
compensate sugar growers with targeted payments.
    QUANTITY            1988     1989      1990      1991
First 350 tons         6.000    4.500     3.000     1.500
Over 350 to 700        5.750    4.313     2.875     1.438
Over 700 to 1,000      5.500    4.125     2.750     1.375
Over 1,000 to 1,500    5.000    3.750     2.500     1.250
Over 1,500 to 3,000    4.500    3.375     2.250     1.125
Over 3,000 to 6,000    3.500    2.625     1.750     0.875
Over 6,000 to 10,000   2.250    1.688     1.125     0.563
Over 10,000 to 20,000  0.500    0.375     0.250     0.125
Over 20,000 tons        nil      nil       nil       nil 
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8176>
A settlement could soon be reached in the
dispute between European sugar producers and the European
Community over EC export licencing policies, Jean-Marc Vernes,
president of French sugar producer Beghin-Say, which is leading
the protest, told journalists today.
    "Our contacts with the EC authorities over the past few days
indicate that we are moving towards a solution," he said, adding
that if this happened the producers would withdraw the 854,000
tonnes of sugar they have offered into intervention.
    Vernes said that the protest, involving 770,000 tonnes of
sugar from French producers alone, was prompted by the EC's
policy since mid-1986 of offering export rebates which failed
to give producers an equivalent price to that they would obtain
by offering sugar into EC intervention.
    At last week's tender the EC Commission made an apparent
concession by offering a maximum rebate only 1.3 European
currency units (Ecus) per 100 kilos below the level producers
say is needed, compared with the previous week's rebate which
was 2.5 Ecus below the necessary level.
    Vernes would not say what form any compromise between the
producers and the EC would take, but he reaffirmed the
long-term desire of producers to export to the world market,
providing they were not losing money by doing so.
    Producers can withdraw their intervention offer after April
1, when the sugar will officially enter intervention stores, or
at any time over the following five weeks before the official
payment date.
    The EC has threatened to put the sugar back on the internal
market if the producers refuse to withdraw their offers.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8306>
Greece will hold a buying tender on
April 8, for reply by April 10, for 40,000 tonnes of white
sugar from EC member countries, for delivery in four equal
tranches in May, June, July and August, traders said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8654>
West German sugar stocks rose to 2.60 mln
tonnes, white value, at the end of February from 2.50 mln at
the same time a year earlier, the sugar industry association
WVZ said.
    However, stocks were well below the 2.82 mln held at the
end of January.
    Sugar exports between October 1 and February 28 rose to
449,253 tonnes from 435,727 in the same period of 1985/86.
Sales to non-European Community countries rose to 419,541
tonnes from 349,511, while sales within the EC fell sharply to
29,712 tonnes from 86,216.
    Imports in October-February fell to 59,605 tonnes from
76,044 in the same months a year earlier, the sugar industry
association said.
    Human sugar consumption in October-February rose to 817,856
tonnes from 799,128 in the year-ago period.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8683>
Soviet sugar imports in October and
November were significantly higher than in the same period of
the year before, according to figures received by the
International Sugar Organization.
    Imports in October totalled 23,803 tonnes, compared with
4,685 tonnes in the same month of 1985, while November imports
were up to 136,029 tonnes from 46,541.
    For the first 11 months of 1986, Soviet imports totalled
5.12 mln tonnes, against 4.30 mln in the same period of 1985.
    The October 1986 import figure consisted entirely of whites
from Cuba, while the November total was made up of 84,037
tonnes Cuban whites and 51,992 tonnes whites from Thailand. Of
the imports in the January/November period, those from Cuba
were up to 3.81 mln tonnes from 3.65 mln and from Thailand to
292,808 tonnes from 22,800.
    Soviet exports also increased in 1986. The January/November
export total of 289,232 compares with 165,859 tonnes in the
first 11 months of 1985. Exports in October 1986 were 20,064,
down from 38,853 a year earlier, while November exports were up
from 32,796 to 50,855 tonnes.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8684>
West German sugar production last year
rose 38,000 tonnes to an estimated 3.17 mln tonnes, the
Agricultural Ministry said.
    It said the increase was exclusively due to higher beet
sugar content, which went up to 17.93 pct from 17.3 pct in
1985.
    Last year's beet deliveries totalled 20.22 mln tonnes, down
554,000 tonnes from the previous year.
    The ministry estimates West Germany's sugar
self-sufficiency during the current agricultural year
(July/June) unchanged at 137 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8800>
Emergency action to distribute
European Community (EC) food surpluses to the poor has proved
so successful that the EC executive Commission may propose a
permanent scheme, a Commission spokesman said.
    Almost 60,000 tonnes of food was taken out of EC stores
between January 20, when Agriculture Ministers approved the
scheme, and March 13, according to latest commission figures.
    The food, including 30,000 tonnes of cereals, 6,000 tonnes
of sugar, 4,000 tonnes of beef and 13,300 tonnes of butter, has
been distributed to the needy through charities.
    The present scheme was approved as an emergency measure to
help poor people affected by this year's unusually cold winter
and will end on March 31.
    But the spokesman said the commission will consider whether
to propose it be replaced by an all-year-round system.
    The commission estimates that up to March 13 the temporary
scheme cost between 63 and 68 mln European currency units
(72/78 mln dlrs). This is above the 50 mln Ecu (57 mln dlr)
ceiling originally envisaged by the Ministers.
    However, commission sources said the real cost was small if
account is taken of the expense of keeping food in store until
its quality and value deteriorates.
    On the other hand, the impact of the temporary scheme on EC
food surpluses has been slight. EC surplus food stocks at
January 31 included 1.28 mln tonnes of butter, 520,000 tonnes
of beef and over 10 mln tonnes of cereals.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9069>
The United States may soon ease its
1987 sugar import quota of one mln short tons by bringing
forward to the third quarter some shipments scheduled for the
fourth quarter of 1987, Jerry Huckaby, a leading Congressman
representing sugar growers told Reuters in an interview.
    Huckaby, a Louisiana Democrat and chairman of the House
subcommittee which deals with the sugar program, indicated the
easing of the quota might be a way to calm the concern about
the impact of the severe cut in U.S. sugar imports this year.
    "With imports coming down from 1.8 mln (last year) to one
mln, there is legitimate concern about the impacts on Caribbean
countries and the Philippines," Huckaby said.
    By bringing forward to the third quarter some imports, the
quota would effectively be eased by about 250,000 tons.
    Huckaby said by simply bringing forward to the third
quarter of the year sugar imports scheduled for the September
to December period "we could get away without having to
increase the quota."
    He noted that some in the sugar industry believe an
increase in the quota is justified.
    Earlier this month, representatives of U.S. cane sugar
refiners met with U.S. Agriculture Department officials to
request a quota increase of at least 200,000 tons. The refiners
said the increase is needed because the quota is so restrictive
there could be some spot shortages of sugar in the U.S later
this year, a refiner spokesman said.
    However, the official slaid the USDA replied only that it
would consider the request.
    Following the refiners' request, representatives of the
Florida sugarcane producers met with USDA to express opposition
to any quota expansion, industry sources said.
    The statement by Huckaby, who as a representative from a
sugar growing district in Louisiana is a leading architect of
the current sugar program, indicates at least some grower
officials are concerned enough to support an easing of the
import quota, industry officials said.
    Any final decision on easing the quota must be made by the
Reagan administration's interagency sugar policy group.
    Asked about possible quota changes, A USDA official said
"As far as I know, changing the quota volume or the quota year
is not under active consideration."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9124>
An Agriculture Ministry survey has
estimated the nation's 1986/87 crop sugar cane output at 2.14
mln tonnes, down from 2.62 mln a year earlier.
    Ministry officials said the decline was due to bad weather
and a reduction in the land under sugar cane this season, which
totals 34,800 hectares, down from 35,700 in 1985/86, they said.
    Harvesting stretches from December 1986 to April 1987
    Japan's final output will be announced at the beginning of
June, they said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9163>
The Food Department will no longer
import sugar from April 1, senior officials of the Food and
Cooperatives Ministry and the Department told Reuters.
    They said the decision was taken after the Sugar Importers
Association asked that the sugar trade be further liberalised.
    "The Food Department will cease trading in sugar and will no
longer hold a buffer stock," a senior official said.
    He said the government has finalised an agreement with
E.D.F.Man (Sugar) Ltd under which E.D.F.Man will hold a buffer
stock on the government's behalf of 20,000 tonnes, against the
45,000 tonne buffer stock usually held by the Department.
    Officials said the size of the buffer stock has been
reduced because the private sector will hold its own stocks.
    The agreement with E.D.F. Man includes details such as
trigger pricing mechanisms, they said.
    Four months ago the Department allowed the private sector
to import sugar without government clearance. The Department
and the private sector each imported around 115,000 tonnes of
sugar last year, when national consumption was 280,000 tonnes.
    An Importers Association official said that "even if the
Department no longer imports sugar, we would not necessarily
buy more."
    This is because the Association would still have to compete
with the Cooperatives Wholesale Establishment (CWE), he said.
    The CWE is a semi-government body and the official said
arrangements are being made for state cooperatives and holders
of food subsidy stamps to draw their sugar from it, starting
April 1.
    Ministry officials said the CWE can either import sugar or
buy it from a local bonded warehousing scheme run by E.D.F. For
the past two years.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9207>
Considerable uncertainty surrounds the
outcome of today's EC white sugar tender, traders here said,
noting it remains overshadowed by European operator threats to
move over 800,000 tonnes of sugar into intervention.
    They said that due to the dispute between the Commission
and producers over the issue, it is not clear whether the
Commission will authorise any exports at all or grant licences
on a large tonnage.
    The subsidy is seen being set above 45.00 Ecus per 100
kilos, although traders are reluctant to predict a precise
level after prices fell yesterday.
    Earlier, traders in Paris said they expected the Commission
to award licences for around 50,000 tonnes of white sugar with
a maximum export rebate of 45.75 to 46.0 Ecus.
    Last week, the Commission granted licences to end August on
60,500 tonnes of whites at a maximum rebate of 44.819.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9305>
A total 59,000 tonnes of current series
white sugar received export rebates of a maximum 45.678
European Currency Units (Ecus) per 100 kilos at today's
European Community (EC) tender, the U.K. Intervention Board
said.
    Out of this, traders in West Germany received 34,750
tonnes, in the U.K. 13,000, in Denmark 7,250 and in France
4,000 tonnes, it added.
    Earlier today, London traders had expected the subsidy for
the current season whites campaign for licences to end-Aug to
be more than 45.00 Ecus per 100 kilos but Paris traders were
more precise by forecasting a rebate level of 45.75 to 46.0
Ecus.
    London traders were also reluctant earlier to predict the
likely tonnage to be authorised for export in view of the
on-going dispute between the Commission and European producers
over the threatened action by the producers to move over
800,000 tonnes to intervention.
    Last week saw 60,500 tonnes whites athuorised for export at
a maximum rebate of 44.819 Ecus per 100 kilos.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9349>
The European Community Commission
confirmed it granted export licences for 59,000 tonnes of
current series white sugar at a maximum export rebate of 45.678
European Currency Units (ECUs) per 100 kilos.
    Out of this, traders in West Germany received 34,750
tonnes, in the U.K. 13,000, in Denmark 7,250 tonnes and in
France 4,000 tonnes.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9362>
India is reported to have bought two
white sugar cargoes for April/May shipment at its tender today
near 227 dlrs a tonne cost and freight and could be seeking a
third cargo, traders said.
    A British operator is believed to have sold one of the
cargoes, while an Austrian concern is thought to have featured
in the second cargo sale, they said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9374>
Turkey bought an estimated 100,000
tonnes of white sugar from three trade houses today for April
to June shipment, according to trade sources.
    They said a large U.K. trade house sold 50,000 tonnes, a
U.S. house traded 25,000 tonnes, and a Swiss-based dealer house
25,000 tonnes.
    Price details were unclear but reports this morning
suggested that Turkey was offered sugar at prices ranging down
to 212 dlrs a tonne, c and f basis.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9393>
Thai sugar production continued at a
high level in February, latest figures received by the
International Sugar Organization (ISO) show.
    The figures show stocks at end-February of 2.49 mln tonnes
raw value against 2.33 mln a year earlier. Analysts said this
was a new peak for the date.
    Production in February was 961,000 tonnes against 888,000
in February 1986 and took the Nov/Feb total for the current
crop to 2.25 mln tonnes. Production normally tails off sharply
after March, but in recent years production from March to the
end of the crop has been over 500,000 tonnes, analysts said.
    Thailand's exports in February were 32,800 tonnes and
consumption 57,800.
    Last month the Thai Agriculture Ministry said 1986/87
production was expected to fall to 2.3 mln tonnes from 2.48 mln
in 1985/86.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9398>
Trade house sources said China is
expected to step up its sugar purchases following yesterday's
steep drop in world sugar prices.
    The consensus is that the Chinese will buy between 200,000
and 400,000 tonnes of raw sugar.
    "China is short of foreign exchange and a drop in prices is
usually taken as a buying opportunity by Peking," one trader
said.
    Yesterday, prices on the New York world sugar market
plummeted by 0.58 to 0.50 cent on heavy liquidation by
speculators, disenchanted over the market's lack of rallying
power.
    Speculation is that China will need the sugar for the
May/July period.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9470>
A leading U.S. farm-state
Congressman, Jerry Huckaby, D-La., warned he will press next
year for legislation to control domestic production of
sweeteners, perhaps including corn sweeteners, if the industry
fails to voluntarily halt output increases this year.
    "We're moving toward a direction where we could
self-destruct (the U.S. sugar program)," Rep. Huckaby, chairman
of the House agriculture subcommittee dealing with sugar
issues, told Reuters in an interview.
    Huckaby, who told U.S. sugarbeet growers earlier this year
they must halt production increases, said he will deliver the
same message to Louisiana sugarcane growers Friday. He also
said he will soon talk with corn refiners on the subject.
    Huckaby said the campaign to urge a halt to domestic
sweetener output increases is an effort to forestall further
cuts in the sugar import quota, now at one mln short tons.
    "I think if we're talking about dropping (the quota)
another half mln tons, lets say, you're getting to the point
where the program might not work," he said.
    "Ideally, I'd like to freeze things right where we are,"
said Huckaby, leading advocate for sugar growers in Congress.
    A freeze would mean domestic sugar production at about the
current level of 6.5 mln tons, the corn sweetener share of the
U.S. market staying at just over 50 pct, and U.S sugar imports
holding at about 1.2 mln tons, Huckaby said.
    A decision on whether to seek legislation will not be made
until 1987 output numbers are known late this year, he said.
    "I feel like if we didn't expand production, we could
probably hold where we are indefinitely, or at least through
the 1985 farm bill without any changes (in the sugar program),"
Huckaby said.
    However, much depends on whether high-fructose corn syrup
producers continue to expand their share of the U.S. sweetener
market from just over 50 pct, Huckaby said.
    He noted most estimates are that corn sweeteners will
capture at most only another 10 pct of the sweetener market in
the U.S.
    But he said if there were an economic breakthrough in the
production of a new crystalline corn sweetener which further
expanded the corn sweetener share, then U.S. sugar imports
might be eliminated and U.S. sugar output severely reduced.
    Huckaby said he will deliver this message to corn refiner
companies such as A.E. Staley and Archer Daniels Midland soon.
    "This program is advantageous to the corn users. They have
some natural, legitimate self-interest in seeing that the
program is preserved," Huckaby said.
    Huckaby said he has asked sugar industry representatives to
think about how domestic output could be controlled, either
through production allocations, acreage or marketing controls.
    Huckaby also said he would be seeking guidance from the
Justice Department to determine if it would be legal to ask
corn refiners to limit production.
    "I don't know if we will go this route, but if we do
there's a question in my mind at this point in time; can you do
that legally?" he said.
    Asked if he would proceed with production controls without
the support of corn refiners, Huckaby said "You build a fragile
house if you do it that way."
    Huckaby said he understands why U.S. cane and beet farmers
have expanded production, because high sugar price support
means returns from sugar are higher than competing crops such
as soybeans and grain.
    But he said for sugar growers as a whole, expansion would
not be good policy.
    Huckaby said he has tried to stress, in his speeches to
sugar industry groups, that if growers continue to expand, they
may be penalized retroactively under any production control
legislation passed next year.
    Huckaby said Congress is unlikely to approve any changes in
the sugar program this year despite a Reagan administration
proposal to drastically slash the program.
    "The administration proposal is so drastic, that I don't
think it will get up a head of steam," Huckaby said.
    He said even a more moderate proposal to reduce sugar price
support is unlikely to be approved.
    Instead of seeking to slash the domestic sugar program,
Huckaby said the Reagan administration should file a complaint
with the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade against the
European Community's sugar policy. He said EC policies are the
major cause of the depressed world sugar market.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9746>
The rebates granted at yesterday's EC
sugar tender represent a further concession to producers'
complaints that they are losing money on exports outside the
bloc, trade sources said.
    They said the maximum rebate of 45.678 European currency
Units (Ecus) per 100 kilos was 0.87 Ecus below what producers
claim is needed to obtain the equivalent price to that offered
for sales into intervention.
    The rebate at last week's tender was 1.3 Ecus short of the
level producers thought necessary and that of the previous week
was 2.5 Ecus below this level.
    But the sources said producers who have offered a total of
854,000 tonnes of sugar into intervention in an apparent
attempt to persuade the Commission to set higher maximum
rebates have given no formal indication to the Commission that
they intend to withdraw these offers.
    The French and German operators involved would be able to
withdraw the offers up to five weeks after April 1 when the
sugar will officially enter intervention stores.
    The five-week period is the normal delay between sugar
going into intervention and payment being made for it.
    EC officials have said that if the Commission has to buy
the sugar, it is determined immediately to resell it, a move
which could drive down market prices further.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9941>
Libya is reported to have recently
bought two cargoes of white sugar from operators at around
229/230 dlrs a tonne cost and freight, traders said.
    The shipment period required was not specified.
 Reuter
</BODY>
