<BODY DOCID=6>
Argentine grain board figures show
crop registrations of grains, oilseeds and their products to
February 11, in thousands of tonnes, showing those for futurE
shipments month, 1986/87 total and 1985/86 total to February
12, 1986, in brackets:
    Bread wheat prev 1,655.8, Feb 872.0, March 164.6, total
2,692.4 (4,161.0).
    Maize Mar 48.0, total 48.0 (nil).
    Sorghum nil (nil)
    Oilseed export registrations were:
    Sunflowerseed total 15.0 (7.9)
    Soybean May 20.0, total 20.0 (nil)
    The board also detailed export registrations for
subproducts, as follows,
    SUBPRODUCTS
    Wheat prev 39.9, Feb 48.7, March 13.2, Apr 10.0, total
111.8 (82.7) .
    Linseed prev 34.8, Feb 32.9, Mar 6.8, Apr 6.3, total 80.8
(87.4).
    Soybean prev 100.9, Feb 45.1, MAr nil, Apr nil, May 20.0,
total 166.1 (218.5).
    Sunflowerseed prev 48.6, Feb 61.5, Mar 25.1, Apr 14.5,
total 149.8 (145.3).
    Vegetable oil registrations were :         
    Sunoil prev 37.4, Feb 107.3, Mar 24.5, Apr 3.2, May nil,
Jun 10.0, total 182.4 (117.6).                  
    Linoil prev 15.9, Feb 23.6, Mar 20.4, Apr 2.0, total 61.8,
(76.1).                         
    Soybean oil prev 3.7, Feb 21.1, Mar nil, Apr 2.0, May 9.0,
Jun 13.0, Jul 7.0, total 55.8 (33.7).        REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=313>
and oil-bearing
raw materials, fats and oils rose to 2.16 mln tonnes on a
fat/oil basis in 1986 from 2.12 mln tonnes in 1985, the
Commodity Board for Margarine, Fats and Oils said.
    Exports of the same commodities fell to 1.35 mln tonnes
from 1.38 mln on a fat-oil basis.
    Fat- and oil-bearing raw materials imports rose to 760,000
from 709,200 tonnes on a fat/oil basis and to 3.47 mln tonnes
actual weight from 3.32 mln.
    Soyabeans were the main component, with imports rising to
2.82 mln tonnes actual weight from 2.75 mln. Sunflowerseed
imports fell to 308,200 from 342,900 tonnes while rapeseed
imports rose to 292,000 from 201,400 tonnes.
    Exports of fat- and oil-bearing raw materials rose to
28,700 tonnes from 19,800 on a fat/oil basis and to 137,200
from 89,900 tonnes actual weight.
    Soyabean exports rose to 119,400 tonnes actual weight from
73,200 tonnes.
    Imports of vegetable fats, including palm oil, rose to
445,400 tonnes from 362,500 and exports to 151,500 from
139,800.
    Vegetable oil imports fell to 227,500 tonnes in 1986 from
286,300 in 1985, and exports to 661,400 from 683,400 tonnes.
    Soyabean oil imports were 32,000 (48,200), sunflower oil
61,600 (92,800), rape oil 82,900 (94,900) and groundnut oil
9,300 (12,200). Exports of soybean oil were 325,900 (338,800),
sun oil 172,100 (189,800), rape oil 114,300 (103,400) and
groundnut oil 7,000 (10,400).
    Animal fat imports rose to 371,700 from 345,800 tonnes and
exports to 124,100 tonnes from 113,000. Fishoil imports fell to
190,600 from 265,600 and exports to 56,500 from 85,500 tonnes.
 reuter...
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1582>
Torrential rains throughout
Argentina's grain-producing areas virtually paralysed coarse
grain harvesting in the week to yesterday, trade sources said.
    Sunflower, maize and sorghum harvests were particularly
affected, they said. But the rains proved to be a great aid to
soybean crops as their harvesting will not begin until April or
May.
    The rains did no damage to maize, sunflower and sorghum
crops though fresh rains in similar volume could reduce yields
and cut the total volume of this year's harvest.
    Rainfall measured between 15 and 270 mm in Buenos Aires,
with the heaviest rains in the province's western sectors,
between 15 and 100 mm in Cordoba, 15 and 120 mm in La Pampa, 10
and 75 mm in Santa Fe, 10 and 60 mm in Entre Rios, five and 40
mm in Misiones, and five and 50 mm in San Luis.
    No rain was recorded in Corrientes, Chaco and Formosa.
    Growers did not revise their estimates for total volume of
the coarse grain harvest over last week's estimates.
    Maize harvesting continued moving forward in central Santa
Fe, though slowly. Growers had harvested seven to nine pct of
total planted area, compared to five to seven pct last week.
    Total maize area planted for the 1986/87 harvest was
estimated at between 3.58 and 3.78 mln hectares, or two to
seven pct less than the 3.85 mln hectares planted in the
1985/86 harvest.
    Maize production is expected to total between 10.4 and 11
mln tonnes, or a drop of 17.5 to 19.4 pct over the 12.4 to 12.6
mln tonnes harvested last year according to private estimates,
or 18.9 to 21.9 pct lower than last year's volume, according to
official figures.
    The sunflower harvest advanced to between seven and nine
pct of total planted area.
    Two to 2.2 mln hectares have been planted with sunflowers
for this harvest, down 29.9 to 36.3 pct from last year's figure
of 3.14 mln hectares.
    Sunflower production is expected to total between 2.4 mln
and 2.7 mln tonnes, which would mean a drop of between 34.1 and
41.5 pct against the record 4.1 mln tonnes harvested in the
1985/86 harvest.
    Grain sorghum harvesting inched forward to between two and
four pct of total planted area, which this harvest is 1.23 to
1.30 mln hectares or 10.3 to 15.2 pct less than the 1.45 mln
hectares planted in the 1985/86 harvest.
    Sorghum production is expected to total between 3.2 mln and
3.5 mln tonnes, or 16.7 to 22 pct less than the 4.1 to 4.2
million tonnes harvested in 1985/86.
    Soybean production, by contrast, is expected to hit a
record 8.0 to 8.4 mln tonnes, which would mean an increase of
11.1 to 15.1 pct over last year's record figure of 7.2 to 7.3
mln tonnes, according to private estimates. Official figures
put last year's soybean harvest at 7.1 mln tonnes.
    Soybean crops were reported to be in generally very good
condition, helped by abundant rains and high temperatures.
    Total soybean-planted area for the 1986/87 harvest is
expected to be a record 3.7 to 3.8 mln hectares, up 10.8 to
13.8 pct from last year's harvest figure of 3.34 mln hectares.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10758>
Algeria will tender on April 3 for
20,000 tonnes of optional origin sunflowerseed oil/rapeseed oil
for Apr/May loading, traders said.
    Meanwhile, the market is awaiting results of an Algerian
import tender which took place over the weekend for about
10,000 tonnes of refined vegetable oils in drums, traders
added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11964>
French farmers are planning to cut their
maize sowings by between 100,000 and 150,000 hectares this year
from the 1.87 mln ha harvested in 1986, the French Maize
Producers' Association, AGPM, said.
    It said its first estimate of planting intentions indicated
cuts of 15 to 20 pct in plantings in the northern region of
Picardy and the Paris Basin, which harvested 192,000 ha last
year.
    In the centre-west region of Poitou-Charentes, plantings
were estimated four to seven pct up on last year's harvested
244,000 ha.
    Planting intentions in the south-east ranged between nine
pct less and two pct more than last year's 125,000 ha. In the
south-west the AGPM said producers intended to plant a similar
area to last year's 671,100 harvested hectares, provided water
supplies are adequate in the Midi-Pyrenees region after the
last two years of drought.
    Meanwhile, the oilseed plant breeding association, AMSOL,
said sunflower plantings in France this year are indicated at
between 900,000 and 950,000 ha against 829,000 harvested last
year, while soya plantings are indicated at 80,000 ha against
last year's harvested 48,000.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12160>
Fresh, heavy rains caused further
damage to the Argentine 1986/87 coarse grains crop in the week
to yesterday, particularly in Buenos Aires province, trade
sources said.
    They said the sunflower, maize, soybean and sorghum crops
were damaged and yield estimates affected. New production
forecasts were made for all these crops.
    The rains over the weekend and up to yesterday registered
more than 200 mm on average in western Buenos Aires and
worsened the flooding in various parts of the province.
    The weather bureau said the rains, which in Buenos Aires
have surpassed 750 mm in the last 30 days, could continue.
    The northeast of the country was also hit by heavy rains.
    In Corrientes province the rains also passed an average of
200 mm in some parts, notably the Paso de los Libres area
bordering on Uruguay.
    In Santa Fe and Entre Rios provinces they were over 100 mm
in places, in Misiones and San Luis 90 mm and in Cordoba 80 mm.
    The rains were less intense in Chaco and Formosa.
    Harvesting in areas not actually under water could also be
further delayed due to dampness in the earth, the sources said.
    The excessive humidity might also produce rotting of the
crops, further dimishing the yield, the sources added.
    Sunflower harvesting before the weekend rains reached 26 to
30 pct of the area sown in Santa Fe, Cordoba, La Pampa and
Buenos Aires provinces.
    The production forecast for 1986/87 sunflowerseed has been
lowered to between 2.2 and 2.4 mln tonnes, against 2.3 to 2.6
mln tonnes the previous week, making it 41.5 to 46.3 pct lower
than the record 4.1 mln tonnes produced last season.
    The area sown was two to 2.2 mln hectares, down 29.9 to
36.3 pct on the record 3.14 mln hectares in 1985/86.
    The maize harvest advanced to within 26 to 28 pct of the
area sown in Cordoba, Santa Fe and northern Buenos Aires. It
will begin in La Pampa within about 10 days, weather
permitting.
    Maize yield this season is now estimated at 9.6 to 9.9 mln
tonnes, against last week's 9.9 to 10.1 mln tonnes, down 21.4
to 22.6 pct on the 12.4 to 12.6 mln tonnes at which private
producers put 1985/86 production.
    The new forecast is 22.7 to 25 pct down on the official
figure of 12.8 mln tonnes for last season's production.
    The grain sorghum harvest reached 17 to 19 pct of growers'
targets, against 14 to 16 pct the previous week.
    The production forecast was reduced to between three and
3.3 mln tonnes, against 3.2 to 3.5 mln tonnes last week, 21.4
to 26.8 pct down on last season's 4.1 to 4.2 mln tonnes.
    The area sown with sorghum in 1986/87 was 1.23 to 1.30 mln
hectares, down 10.3 to 15.2 pct on the 1.45 mln in 1985/86.
    The forecast for soybean yield this season was the least
changed in relation to last week. It was put at a record 7.5 to
7.7 mln tonnes, against the previous 7.5 to 7.8 mln tonnes.
    These figures are 4.2 to 5.5 pct higher than last season's
record of 7.2 to 7.3 mln tonnes, according to private sources,
and 5.6 to 8.5 pct up on the official 7.1 mln tonnes.
    The adjustment to the production forecast is due to the
rains and overcast conditions which have greatly reduced the
sunlight needed for this crop, sources said.
    Producers fear estimates may yet have to be adjusted down
further.
    The humidity could induce rotting and growers are still
finding more empty pods due to excessively dry weather earlier
in the season.
    Soybean harvesting is due to start in mid-April in southern
Cordoba and Santa Fe and northern Buenos Aires.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12254>
Argentine subproducts shipments
during January/December 1986 totalled 5,618,315 tonnes, against
4,815,188 tonnes in the same period of 1985, the Argentine
Grain Board said.
    Breakdown was as follows: cotton 26,992 (41,933), sunflower
1,403,230 (1,190,862), linseed 261,600 (309,191), groundnutseed
23,595 (22,809), soybean 3,275,225 (2,415,492), bran/pollards
wheat 606,352 (659,271), fiber cotton 3,256 (107,752), wheat
flour 18,065 (67,878), rape nil (nil), the board added.
    Shipments during December 1986 amounted to 418,755 tonnes,
against 257,844 tonnes in the same month of 1985.
    The breakdown, was as follows, in tonnes:
    Cotton 3,002 (6,234), sunflower 86,612 (38,347), linseed
23,954 (38,290), groundnutseed nil (nil), soybean 264,650
(104,571), bran/polards wheat 37,724 (49,946), fiber cotton 987
(2,121), wheat flour 1,826 (18,335), rapeseed nil (nil), the
board said.
    The ten principal destinations during January/December
1986, with comparative figures for the same period of 1985 in
brackets, were as follows, in tonnes:
    Holland 2,444,260 (2,234,049), Belgium 546,423 (595,635),
Italy 430,029 (338,766), Czechoslovakia 365,897 (236,836), Cuba
253,067 (222,842), Iran 250,646 (192,430), West Germany
232,049) (158,491), Bulgaria 207,030 (300,488), Spain and
Canary Islands 176,287 (113,751), Corea 163,304 (37,416), the
board added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3981>
Heavy rains fell again in
Argentina's main grain growing areas in the week to yesterday,
trade sources said.
    Rains fell heaviest early in the week, and in particularly
high volume in Buenos Aires province, Cordoba, La Pampa and
Santa Fe provinces.
    Rainfall totalled between 20 and 290 mm in Buenos Aires,
heaviest in western sectors of the province, 20 to 145 mm in La
Pampa, 25 to 120 mm in Cordoba, and 10 to 75 mm in Santa Fe.
Rainfall was lighter in other provinces.
    Rainfall totalled from five to 50 mm in Corrientes, five to
31 mm in San Luis, five to 30 mm in Entre Rios, three to 20 mm
in Misiones, 11 to 17 mm in Formosa and one to eight mm in
Chaco.
    Growers said it was still too early to tell whether the
rains had damaged crops, though they said maize and sunflower
crops may have suffered.
    Harvesting of both those crops and sorghum was paralysed by
the bad weather. For harvesting to resume as normal, the rains
would have to stop long enough for the soil to dry and allow
farm machinery to operate.
    The rains caused flooding in western and northwestern
Buenos Aires, as more than 750 mm have fallen in some areas
there since February 23 while the annual average is 1,200 mm.
    Flooded areas total between 1.2 and 1.5 mln hectares,
Buenos Aires province governor Alejandro Armendariz said after
flying over the flooded area.
    Agriculture Secretary Ernesto Figueras said only 500,000
hectares of the area now flooded had been planted, and that
200,000 to 300,000 hectares could be lost. Growers said large
parts of the flooded areas were not planted because they are
low-lying and flood easily.
    Trade sources said it was certain crops were damaged by the
heavy rains but it was too early to tell the exact extent of
the damage. They said it was likely rain combined with high
winds uprooted many sunflower and maize plants.
    The sunflower harvest moved forward in the centre and south
of Cordoba and Santa Fe and got underway in a few isolated
areas of northern Buenos Aires. Growers have harvested between
15 and 18 pct of total planted area, up from seven to nine pct
a week ago.
    Estimates of the total volume of the sunflower crop were
revised downward in light of the bad weather.
    Estimates for total crop ranged from 2.3 to 2.6 mln tonnes,
down from 2.4 to 2.7 mln tonnes estimated last week and down
34.1 to 41.5 pct from last year's record harvest of 4.1 mln
tonnes.
    Maize harvesting also advanced, reaching between 13 and 15
pct of total planted area compared to seven to nine pct a week
ago. The maize harvest is expected to total between 10 and 10.2
mln tonnes, down from the 10 to 10.4 mln tonnes estimated a
week ago.
    Last year's maize harvest totalled 12.8 mln tonnes,
according to official figures.
    Soybean production estimates were revised downward, to 7.8
to 8.2 mln tonnes compared to estimates of eight to 8.4 mln
tonnes a week ago. Last year's soybean harvest totalled 7.1 mln
tonnes, according to official figures.
    Sorghum harvesting moved slowly forward, reaching between
four and six pct of total planted area, compared to two to four
pct a week ago.
    Sorghum production estimates remained steady at 3.2 to 3.5
mln tonnes, down 16.7 to 22 pct from the 4.1 to 4.2 mln tonnes
produced in the last harvest.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4083>
France's Oilseed and Bean Cooperatives
Federation, FFCOP, said it expected French rapeseed sowings for
the 1987 harvest to rise by between 54.6 pct and 67.5 pct to
between 600,000 and 650,000 hectares from 388,000 planted last
year.
    Its latest estimates also suggested a 66.7 pct rise in
soybean sowings to 80,000 ha from 48,000 last year. Sunflower
sowings were expected to increase by between 8.6 pct and 14.6
pct from 829,000 ha. Pea sowings are estimated likely to rise
27.7 pct to 350,000 ha against 274,000, while field bean
sowings are forecast unchanged at 40,000.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6890>
Argentine grain growers reduced
their estimates for maize and soybean production in the current
harvest in the week to yesterday, trade sources said.
    Soybean production for 1986/87 is now estimated to reach
between 7.7 and eight mln tonnes, versus 7.8 to 8.2 mln tonnes
estimated a week ago and eight to 8.4 mln tonnes estimated in
mid-February.
    But even the lowest of those estimates would be 8.5 to 12.7
pct greater than last year's total of 7.1 mln tonnes, according
to official figures, and would be a new record.
    The total area planted with soybeans for this harvest was a
record 3.7 to 3.8 mln hectares and increased 10.8 to 13.8 pct
compared to the 3.3 mln hectares planted last year.
    The change in yield estimates is due to very high
temperatures and inadequate rainfall since early in the year in
the soybean-producing belt of southern Cordoba and Santa Fe and
northern Buenos Aires province.
    The heat and lack of rain combined to leave many soybean
pods empty, especially in Cordoba.
    Intense rains in recent weeks did not affect crops, since
rainfall was slight in most main soybean-producing areas.
    Rains in the week to yesterday were isolated and weak in
Buenos Aires province, totalling between one and 10 mm. There
was no recorded rain in other grain-producing provinces.
    With clear skies and seasonable temperatures, fields were
able to dry in areas that had received heavy rains in recent
weeks, allowing growers to accelerate the pace of maize,
sunflower and sorghum harvesting.
    Crops were considered in generally good condition, though
it is still too early to judge whether the intense rains of
recent weeks caused any long-term damage.
    The maize harvest advanced to between 20 and 22 pct of the
total area planted, compared to 13 to 15 pct a week ago.
    Total area planted with maize for this harvest stood at
3.58 to 3.78 mln hectares, down two to seven pct from the 3.85
mln hectares planted in the previous harvest.
    Total production for the current maize harvest is expected
to reach between 9.9 and 10.1 mln tonnes, versus 10 to 10.2 mln
tonnes estimated a week ago. The new figure is 21.1 to 22.7 pct
lower than the 12.8 mln tonnes produced in the last harvest,
according to official figures.
    The sunflower harvest advanced to between 20 and 23 pct of
total planted area, versus 15 to 18 pct a week ago.
    Total area planted with sunflower for this harvest was two
to 2.2 mln hectares, or 29.9 to 36.3 pct lower than the record
3.14 mln hectares planted in the 1985/86 harvest.
    The current harvest's volume was again expected to be
between 2.3 and 2.6 mln tonnes, or 34.1 to 41.5 pct lower than
last harvest's record 4.1 mln tonnes.
    Yields varied widely from area to area, and growers feared
that heavy rains in recent weeks may have taken their toll on
crops and, consequently, on total production volume.
    The sorghum harvest reached between nine and 11 pct of
total planted area, compared to four to six pct a week ago.
    Total area planted with sorghum stood at between 1.2 and
1.3 mln hectares, or 10.3 to 15.2 pct lower than the 1.4 mln
hectares planted in the previous harvest.
    Estimates for total sorghum production this harvest
remained at 3.2 to 3.5 mln tonnes again this week, or 16.7 to
22 pct lower than last harvest's total volume of 4.1 to 4.2 mln
tonnes.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9521>
Argentine grain producers again
reduced their estimates for the total yield of the 1986/87
soybean crop, which will begin to be harvested in mid-April,
trade sources said.
    They said growers now forecast soybean production this
season at between 7.5 and 7.8 mln tonnes, down from last week's
estimate of 7.7 to eight mln tonnes and the 8.0 to 8.4 mln
tonnes forecast in mid-February.
    The new forecast is still higher than last season's record
total production.
    Private sources put 1985/86 production at a record 7.2 to
7.3 mln tonnes -- 4.2 to 6.4 pct lower than the new forecast
for the current crop. The official figure for 1985/86 is 7.1
mln tonnes, 5.6 to 9.9 pct below this season's new estimates.
    Growers in the past week discovered more empty soybean pods
in the main producing areas of southern Cordoba and Santa Fe
provinces and northern Buenos Aires.
    The crop since January has been hit by high temperatures
and inadequate rainfall. Growers fear they may find more empty
pods and have to further reduce their forecasts of total yield.
    The area sown to soybeans this season was a record 3.7 to
3.8 mln hectares, 10.8 to 13.8 pct higher than the 1985/86
record of 3.34 mln hectares.
    The state of the crop continued to be good in general until
last week but intense, heavy rains since could have caused
damage in areas where rainfall was higher than 100 mm.
    Where the rains were less heavy they were considered
beneficial although too late to improve yield estimates.
    The rains also benefitted maize and sorghum crops in
southern Buenos Aires province but are not expected to
influence production forecasts.
    In other areas, especially western Buenos Aires, where
rainfall was more than 200 mm, parts of the sunflower, maize
and sorghum crops not yet harvested may have been damaged.
    The coarse grain crop harvest was interrupted last week by
rains which also reached over 100 mm in parts of Cordoba, La
Pampa and Santa Fe and almost 90 mm in parts of Entre Rios.
    The area sown with maize this season was between 3.58 and
3.78 mln hectares, two to seven pct less than the 3.85 mln
hectares in 1985/86.
    The yield of 1986/87 maize continued to be forecast at
between 9.9 and 10.1 mln tonnes.
    This estimate is 19.8 to 20.2 pct lower than the 12.4 to
12.6 mln tonnes at which private sources put 1985/86 production
and 21.1 to 22.7 pct lower than the official 12.8 mln tonnes.
    The sunflowerseed harvest has covered 23 to 26 pct of the
area sown and continues in parts of central Buenos Aires
although at a standstill elsewhere due to rain and floods.
    A resumption of full harvesting and assessment of damage is
impossible until rains stop and a spell of a week to 10 days of
sunshine dries the fields.
    The area sown this season was 2.0 to 2.2 mln hectares, down
29.9 to 36.3 pct on last year's record 3.14 mln hectares.
    Sunflowerseed 1986/87 production is still forecast at 2.3
to 2.6 mln tonnes, 34.1 to 41.5 pct below the 1985/86 record of
4.1 mln tonnes.
    The grain sorghum harvest was the least affected by the
rains, advancing steadily in Santa Fe and Cordoba and starting
in La Pampa to cover 14 to 16 pct of the total area sown.
    The area sown was 1.23 to 1.30 mln hectares, 10.3 to 15.2
pct less than the 1.45 mln hectares the previous season.
    Yield estimates remained at 3.2 to 3.5 mln tonnes, 16.7 to
22 pct down on 1985/86 production of 4.1 to 4.2 mln tonnes.
 Reuter
</BODY>
