<BODY DOCID=310>
Thailand's Commerce Ministry announced a
new tapioca export quota of 737,987 tonnes for the European
Community against 762,860 tonnes for the previous allocation.
    The ministry said the fresh allocation, for the February
27-July 7 shipment period, is the third under a maximum 5.5 mln
tonne overall quota that Thailand obtained from the EC for
calendar 1987.
    It said the quota allocation was based on a national
tapioca pellet stock of 4.34 mln tonnes surveyed last week, up
from 3.05 mln in mid-January.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=327>
Dutch animal feed usage in the first
half of the current season from July through December 1986 fell
7.6 pct to 6.5 mln tonnes from 7.1 mln in the same period of
1985, figures in the latest newsletter from the co-operative
Cebeco-Handelsraad show.
    Tapioca usage fell 9.1 pct to 1.4 mln tonnes from 1.6 mln
in the first half of the 1985/86 season.
    Grain usage fell 6.1 pct to 1.1 mln tonnes from 1.2 mln,
while soymeal usage fell 10 pct to 967,000 tonnes from 1.1 mln.
    Cornglutenfeed usage fell 17.8 pct to 729,000 tonnes from
887,000, but cornfeedmeal usage nearly doubled to 399,000
tonnes from 201,000.
    Citruspulp usage dropped 62.8 pct to 149,000 tonnes from
400,000 tonnes, while rapeseed and meal usage rose 9.6 pct to
217,000 tonnes from 198,000 and sunmeal rose 25.6 pct to
216,000 tonnes from 172,000 tonnes.
    During the whole of the season from July 1985 to June 1986,
Dutch soymeal usage fell 12 pct to 1.9 mln tonnes from 2.1 mln
the previous season, while sunmeal usage rose 25 pct to 408,000
tonnes from 325,000.
    Rapeseed and meal usage during the season also rose 14 pct
to 409,000 tonnes from 360,000, but citruspulp fell 37 pct to
516,000 tonnes from 826,000.
    Meanwhile, the value of exports of agricultural products
from the Netherlands in calendar 1986 fell 5.4 pct to 48.7
billion guilders from 51.5 billion in calendar 1985, figures
from the Ministry of Agriculture show.
    During the same period imports of agricultural products
dropped 13.1 pct to 31.2 billion guilders from 35.8 billion.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2974>
Any European Community decision to
liberalise farm trade policy would hurt Thailand's tapioca
industry, said Ammar Siamwalla, an agro-economist at the
Thailand Development Research Institute (TDRI).
    He told a weekend trade seminar here that any EC move to
cut tariff protection for EC grains would make many crops more
competitive than tapioca in the European market.
    The EC is the largest buyer of Thai tapioca, absorbing more
than two thirds of the 5.8 mln tonnes of pellets exported by
Thailand last year. Thailand has an EC quota of an average 5.25
mln tonnes a year until 1990.
    Ammar said Thailand had benefited from an EC tariff
loophole that subjects Thai tapioca to a preferential six pct
import duty.
    Ammar, head of the agricultural research group of the TDRI,
suggested tapioca farmers diversify to other crops.
    He said: "If cereal prices in Europe fall so that they are
close to world prices, the tapioca market there will disappear
completely."
    He said the issue may put Thailand in a dilemma because it
had recently joined other major commodity producers in calling
on the EC to cut its farm product export subsidies.
 REUTER
</BODY>
