<BODY DOCID=6>
Argentine grain board figures show
crop registrations of grains, oilseeds and their products to
February 11, in thousands of tonnes, showing those for futurE
shipments month, 1986/87 total and 1985/86 total to February
12, 1986, in brackets:
    Bread wheat prev 1,655.8, Feb 872.0, March 164.6, total
2,692.4 (4,161.0).
    Maize Mar 48.0, total 48.0 (nil).
    Sorghum nil (nil)
    Oilseed export registrations were:
    Sunflowerseed total 15.0 (7.9)
    Soybean May 20.0, total 20.0 (nil)
    The board also detailed export registrations for
subproducts, as follows,
    SUBPRODUCTS
    Wheat prev 39.9, Feb 48.7, March 13.2, Apr 10.0, total
111.8 (82.7) .
    Linseed prev 34.8, Feb 32.9, Mar 6.8, Apr 6.3, total 80.8
(87.4).
    Soybean prev 100.9, Feb 45.1, MAr nil, Apr nil, May 20.0,
total 166.1 (218.5).
    Sunflowerseed prev 48.6, Feb 61.5, Mar 25.1, Apr 14.5,
total 149.8 (145.3).
    Vegetable oil registrations were :         
    Sunoil prev 37.4, Feb 107.3, Mar 24.5, Apr 3.2, May nil,
Jun 10.0, total 182.4 (117.6).                  
    Linoil prev 15.9, Feb 23.6, Mar 20.4, Apr 2.0, total 61.8,
(76.1).                         
    Soybean oil prev 3.7, Feb 21.1, Mar nil, Apr 2.0, May 9.0,
Jun 13.0, Jul 7.0, total 55.8 (33.7).        REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=69>
Reporting members of the National
Soybean Processors Association (NSPA) crushed 21,782,929
bushels of soybeans in the week ended Feb 25 compared with
22,345,718 bushels in the previous week and 16,568,000 in the
year-ago week, the association said.
    It said total crushing capacity for members was 25,873,904
bushels vs 25,873,904 last week and 25,459,238 bushels last
year.
    NSPA also said U.S. soybean meal exports in the week were
117,866 tonnes vs 121,168 tonnes a week ago and compared with
84,250 tonnes in the year-ago week.
    NSPA said the figures include only NSPA member firms.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=200>
The sharp decline in soybean crush ratios
seen in the last few weeks, accelerating in recent days, has
pushed margins below the cost of production at most soybean
processing plants and prompted many to cut output of soybean
meal and oil.
    The weekly U.S. soybean crush rate was reported by the
National Soybean Processors Association this afternoon at 21.78
mln bushels, down from the 22 mln bushel plus rate seen over
the past two months when crush margins surged to the best
levels seen in over a year.
    Active soymeal export loadings at the Gulf had pushed
soybean futures and premiums higher, prompting a pick-up in the
weekly crush number.
    However, much of that export demand seems to have been met,
with most foreign meal users now waiting for the expected surge
in shipments of new crop South American soymeal over the next
few months.
    U.S. processors are now finding domestic livestock feed
demand is very light for this time of year due to the milder
than normal winter, so they steadily dropped offering prices in
an attempt to find buying interest, soyproduct dealers said.
    Soybean meal futures have also steadily declined in recent
weeks, setting a new contract low of 139.70 dlrs per ton in the
nearby March contract today.
    "Many speculators down here bought March soymeal and sold
May, looking for no deliveries (on first notice day tomorrow,
which would cause March to gain on deferreds)," one CBT crush
trader said.
    "But they've been bailing out this week because the March
has been acting like there will be a lot delivered, if not
tomorrow, then later in the month," he added.
    As a result of the weakness in soymeal, the March crush
ratio (The value of soyproducts less the cost of the soybeans)
fell from the mid 30s earlier this month to 22.6 cents per
bushel today, dropping over five cents in just the last two
days.
    The May crush ended today just over 17 cents, so no
processors will want to lock in a ratio at that unprofitable
level, the trader said. Hopefully, they will now start to cut
back production to get supplies in line with demand, he added.
    With futures down, processors are finding they must bid
premiums for cash soybeans, further reducing crush margins.
    A central Illinois processor is only making about 30 cents
for every bushel of soybeans crushed at current prices, down
sharply from levels just seen just a few weeks ago and below
the average cost of production, cash dealers said.
    Most soybean processing plants are still in operation, with
little talk of taking temporary down-time, so far. But
processors will start halting production in the next few weeks
it they continue to face unprofitable margins, they added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=235>
Indonesia"s agriculture sector will grow
by just 1.0 pct in calendar 1987, against an estimated 2.4 pct
in 1986 as the production of some commodities stagnates or
declines, the U.S. Embassy said in a report.
    Production of Indonesia"s staple food, rice, is forecast to
fall to around 26.3 mln tonnes from an embassy estimate of
26.58 mln tonnes in 1986, according to the annual report on
Indonesia"s agricultural performance.
    The government officially estimates 1986 rice production at
26.7 mln tonnes, with a forecast 27.3 mln tonnes output in
1987.
    The report says wheat imports are likely to fall to 1.5 mln
tonnes in calendar 1987 from 1.69 mln tonnes in 1986 because of
a drawdown on stocks.
    "Growth prospects for agriculture in 1987 do not look
promising as rice production is forecast to decline and the
production of sugarcane, rubber and copra show little or no
gain," the report says.
    "The modest overall increase which is expected will be due
to significant gains in production of corn soybeans, palm oil
and palm kernels."
    Constraints to significant overall increases in
agricultural output include a shortage of disease resistant
seeds, limited fertile land, insect pests and a reluctance by
farmers to shift from rice production to other crops, the
report underlines.
    The fall in rice production is caused by an outbreak of
pests known as "wereng" or brown plant hoppers in 1986 which
largely offset gains in yields.
    The outbreak has forced the government to ban the use of 57
insecticides on rice because it was believed the wereng are now
resistant to these varieties, and to use lower-yielding, more
resistant rice types.
    The government is depending on increased production of
export commodities such as coffee, tea, rubber, plywood and
palm oil to offset revenue losses brought on by falling crude
oil prices.
    Palm oil production is expected to increase by over 7.0 pct
in 1987 to 1.45 mln tonnes from 1.35 mln, with exports rising
to an estimated 720,000 tonnes from 695,000 tonnes in 1986, the
report says.
    But while production of soybeans in 1987/88 (Oct-Sept) will
rise to 1.075 mln tonnes from 980,000 in 1986/87, imports will
also rise to supply a new soybean crushing plant.
    The report says that imports of wheat, soybeans, soybean
meal and cotton are not likely to decline as a result of last
September"s 31 pct devaluation of the rupiah because of a rise
in domestic demand.
    The report said that Indonesia"s overall economic
performance in calendar 1986 was about zero or even a slight
negative growth rate, the lowest rate of growth since the
mid-1960s. It compares with 1.9 pct growth in 1985 and 6.7 pct
in 1984.
    The dramatic fall in oil prices last year was responsible
for the slump.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=274>
Indonesia's palm oil output is expected
to rise and exports to increase, the U.S. Embassy said in its
annual report on Indonesia's agriculture sector.
    The Indonesian government said crude palm oil (CPO) output
is expected to rise to 1.56 mln tonnes in 1987 and 2.11 mln in
1988, up from a projected 1.45 mln tonnes in 1986 and 1.26 mln
in 1985.
    The 1986 projection of 1.45 mln tonnes is up from a
provisional figure of 1.3 mln tonnes.
    A U.S. Embassy assessment puts 1987 output at 1.45 mln
tonnes, against 1.35 mln in 1986 and 1.208 mln in 1985.
    "More realistic estimates indicate that 1988 production will
be between 1.5 and 1.6 mln tonnes," the report said.
    The report said the abolition of the five pct CPO export
tax, the devaluation of the rupiah in September 1986 and higher
international palm oil prices should lead to a modest increase
in exports this year.
    Exports are forecast to rise to 720,000 tonnes against
695,000 tonnes in 1986, the report added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=313>
and oil-bearing
raw materials, fats and oils rose to 2.16 mln tonnes on a
fat/oil basis in 1986 from 2.12 mln tonnes in 1985, the
Commodity Board for Margarine, Fats and Oils said.
    Exports of the same commodities fell to 1.35 mln tonnes
from 1.38 mln on a fat-oil basis.
    Fat- and oil-bearing raw materials imports rose to 760,000
from 709,200 tonnes on a fat/oil basis and to 3.47 mln tonnes
actual weight from 3.32 mln.
    Soyabeans were the main component, with imports rising to
2.82 mln tonnes actual weight from 2.75 mln. Sunflowerseed
imports fell to 308,200 from 342,900 tonnes while rapeseed
imports rose to 292,000 from 201,400 tonnes.
    Exports of fat- and oil-bearing raw materials rose to
28,700 tonnes from 19,800 on a fat/oil basis and to 137,200
from 89,900 tonnes actual weight.
    Soyabean exports rose to 119,400 tonnes actual weight from
73,200 tonnes.
    Imports of vegetable fats, including palm oil, rose to
445,400 tonnes from 362,500 and exports to 151,500 from
139,800.
    Vegetable oil imports fell to 227,500 tonnes in 1986 from
286,300 in 1985, and exports to 661,400 from 683,400 tonnes.
    Soyabean oil imports were 32,000 (48,200), sunflower oil
61,600 (92,800), rape oil 82,900 (94,900) and groundnut oil
9,300 (12,200). Exports of soybean oil were 325,900 (338,800),
sun oil 172,100 (189,800), rape oil 114,300 (103,400) and
groundnut oil 7,000 (10,400).
    Animal fat imports rose to 371,700 from 345,800 tonnes and
exports to 124,100 tonnes from 113,000. Fishoil imports fell to
190,600 from 265,600 and exports to 56,500 from 85,500 tonnes.
 reuter...
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=320>
The Indian State Trading Corporation
purchased 46,000 tonnes of vegetable oils at its import tender
on Friday, market sources said.
    The business was for April shipments and comprised 20,000
tonnes of European rapeseed oil at 318 dlrs, 20,000 tonnes of
soyoil, believed South American origin, at 314, and 6,000
tonnes of Malaysian rbd palm olein at 347 dlrs, all per tonne
cif.
    Palm oil sellers were disappointed at the light purchase of
rbd olein and early trading saw the market ease nearly 10 dlrs
under Malaysian refiner and dealer selling. April shipments
traded down to 326 dlrs per tonne, fob.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=332>
Pakistan will hold an import tender
tomorrow for 6,000 tonnes of refined bleached deodorised palm
oil for second half March shipments, traders said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=833>
U.S. trade representative Clayton
Yeutter today said that if the European Community's Council of
Ministers approves a tax on vegetable oils and fats, another
major transatlantic trade row will erupt over agriculture.
    In a statement issued by the trade representative's office
following a speech to the American Soybean Association's board
of directors, Yeutter said the proposed tax would have a severe
impact on American soybean farmers, who export some 2.4 billion
dlrs in soybeans and products annually to the EC.
    "This is an unacceptable situation for us and its
(vegetable oils tax) enactment would leave us no choice but to
vigorously protect our trade rights and defend our access to
the European market," Yeutter said.
    Yeutter said the proposed vegetable oils tax would violate
EC obligations under the GATT.
    He said the effect of the tax would be to double the price
of soyoil produced from imported soybeans, making margarine
made from soyoil more expensive than tallow-based margarine,
and closer in price to expensive European butter.
    "I am astonished that the EC commission would propose such
a provocative measure so soon after we successfully resolved
the agricultural dispute over the enlargement of the EC to
include Spain and Portugal," Yeutter said.
    "It serves no purpose to embark on another confrontational
course before the recent wounds have healed and as we are
beginning to make progress on the Uruaguay round (of global
trade talks)," he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=885>
The government said it raised the
export duty on processed palm oil (PPO) to 64.06 ringgit per
tonne from 40.96 ringgit, effective from March 1.
    Export duty on crude palm oil (CPO) was unchanged at 16.06
ringgit per tonne.
    The gazetted price of PPO rose to 796.8604 ringgit per
tonne from 719.8286. That of CPO remained at 617.8238 ringgit.
    The export duty and gazetted price of palm kernel were left
unchanged at 191.15 and 955.75 ringgit per tonne respectively.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=944>
Pakistan will retender for 6,000 tonnes
of refined bleached deodorised palm oil for second half March
shipment tomorrow, after failing to take up offers today, palm
oil traders said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1110>
Belgian Foreign Trade Minister Herman
De Croo said he believed there would be a compromise within the
European Community, EC, on its proposed tax on vegetable fats
and oil, averting a pledged tough trade response by the United
States.
    De Croo, in Washington for talks with Administration
officials and Congressional leaders, said at a news conference
there is a battle within the community on the tax on fats and
oils used in the 12 EC countries.
    But he added, "I do not think it will be a big issue because
there will be a big debate inside Europe," adding "so there will
be a compromise."
    U.S. Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter said yesterday
that if the community went ahead with the tax, the United
States would respond "vigorously" to protect its trade rights and
access to community markets.
    De Croo also said he thought the community would postpone
its April 28 deadline for imposing new slaughterhouse rules to
cover all meats brought into EC nations if some progress was
made toward resolving differences with the United States.
    U.S. officials say its rules now meet health standards and
the EC should require equivalent but not identical standards.
    He also told reporters he hoped the community could deal
with another controversial health proposal that would forbid
the feeding of hormones to cattle, which is also opposed by the
United States.
    De Croo gave no deals on how he though the issue might be
resolved. That rule is go into effect on January 1, 1988.
    He said U.S. cattlemen say there is no reason to change
slaughterhouse practices in April if the meat is to be banned a
few months later by the hormone rule.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1211>
Visible stocks of 17 oils and fats are
probably peaking now and are likely to fall sharply by October
1 this year, the Oil World newsletter said.
    Oil World forecast that stocks of oils and fats may be cut
to only 9.8 mln tonnes at the end of this season, compared with
10.6 mln a year earlier.
    Its survey covered  13 oils -- soy, cotton, groundnut, sun,
rape, sesame, corn, olive, coconut, palmkernel, palm, lin and
castor  -- and four animal oils and fats -- butter, fish oil,
lard and tallow/greases.
    Oil World's analysis predicted only a slight production
increase of 0.5 mln tonnes in the year to end-September 1987,
compared with increases of 3.6 mln and 4.0 mln tonnes in the
previous two seasons.
    It said world consumption was continuing to rise. Unusually
low prices prevailing since early 1986 had stimulated demand
for both food and non-food purposes, it said.
    World consumption  could increase by a record 2.8 mln
tonnes to 71.8 mln tonnes this season and would be even higher
if the Indian government did not artificially curb domestic
demand.
    Oil World said it did not expect the European Community
(EC) to introduce a vegetable oils tax, but if such a tax were
introduced it would have a negative impact on EC consumption.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1848>
A meeting among government agencies
today reaffirmed the strong opposition of the United States to
a proposed new tax on vegetable oils and fats in the European
Community, U.S. trade officials said.
    Representatives of the major government agencies agreed at
a trade policy review group meeting, which includes officials
of the deputy secretary rank, to continue diplomatic pressure
on EC member states.
    "We (all agencies) are together on this," said one U.S.
trade official.
    One source said the U.S. would continue to make clear to
member states and to the EC commission that if Brussels
proceeds with the vegetable oils tax "there will be a great
cost."
    U.S. officials said no formal list of European products on
which the U.S. might retaliate, has yet been drawn up.
    "I don't think we're at that point yet," said one trade
official, adding that the EC has only begun deliberations on
its farm price package.
    Suzanne Early, assistant trade representative, told Reuters
the interagency meeting was to discuss U.S. strategy on the
vegetable oils issue. Asked about retaliation, she said
"sometimes its better not to be specific."
    U.S. trade representative Clayton Yeutter Monday warned
another major transatlantic trade row will develop if the EC
proceeds with the vegetable oils tax.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10015>
A majority of European Community (EC)
member states are either against or have strong reservations
over a tax on both imported and domestically-produced oils and
fats proposed by the European Commission, senior diplomats
said.
    They said a special committee of agricultural experts from
EC member states had voiced strong objections over the measure
during a meeting charged with preparing the ground for the
annual EC farm price-fixing which begins next Monday.
    They added that only France and Italy had indicated they
would support the Commission proposal which would lead to a tax
initially of 330 Ecus per tonne during the 1987/88 price round.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10175>
Corn sales of 2,806,300 tonnes in
the week ended March 19 were the highest level since
mid-November, 1979, the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    The department said the USSR dominated the week's activity
with purchases of 1.4 mln tonnes (which were earlier reported
under the daily reporting system). Other large increaes were
posted for Japan and unknown destinations, it said.
    Taiwan purchased 296,300 tonnes for the 1986/87 season and
170,000 tonnes for the 1987/88 season, it said.
    Wheat sales of 317,200 tonnes for the current season and
125,000 tonnes for the 1987/88 season were down about one-third
from the preceding week and the four-week average.
    Wheat sales to China of 60,000 tonnes were switched from
1986/87 to the 1987/88 season, it noted.
    Soybean sales of 483,100 tonnes were 11 pct above the prior
week and two-thirds above the four-week average.
    Japan, the Netherlands, Mexico and Portugal were the main
buyers, the department said.
    Soybean cake and meal sales of 289,400 tonnes were
two-thirds above the previous week and the largest of the
marketing year, with Venezuela the dominant purchaser.
    Sales activity in soybean oil resulted in decreases of
4,400 tonnes, as reductions for unknown destinations more than
offset increases for Canada, the Dominican Republic and Panama,
the department said.
    Cotton sales of 57,900 running bales -- 43,800 bales for
the current year and 14,200 bales for the 1987/88 season --
were off 25 pct from the previous week and 50 pct from the
four-week average.
    Turkey, Thailand, South Korea and Canada were the major
buyers for the current season, while Thailand, Britain and
Japan were the major purchasers from the upcoming season, the
department said.
     Sorghum sales of 178,800 tonnes were two-thirds above the
prior week and 75 pct over the four-week average.
    Venezuela was the leading buyer it said.
    Sales of 41,800 tonnes of barley were 10 times the previous
week and 10 pct greater than  the four-week average. Israel,
Cyprus and Saudi Arabia were the main buyers, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10300>
India's castor oil exports are
provisionally estimated at 30,000 tonnes in fiscal 1986/87,
ending March 31, against 54,000 tonnes in 1985/86 due to a
shortfall in the domestic castorseed crop, private traders
said.
    Drought in parts of the country is expected to reduce the
castorseed crop to a provisionally estimated 350,000 tonnes in
1986/87 from 550,000 tonnes in 1985/86, they told Reuters.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10330>
The Indian State Trading Corporation
(STC) bought a 20,000 tonne cargo of optional origin rapeseed
oil at its vegetable oil import tender yesterday, traders said.
The oil was for June 20/July 20 shipment at 321 dlrs per tonne
cif.
    Traders said the STC attempted to buy eight cargoes of
processed palm oil but its price ideas were too low for
exporters. It also failed to secure soyoil for the same reason,
they said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10758>
Algeria will tender on April 3 for
20,000 tonnes of optional origin sunflowerseed oil/rapeseed oil
for Apr/May loading, traders said.
    Meanwhile, the market is awaiting results of an Algerian
import tender which took place over the weekend for about
10,000 tonnes of refined vegetable oils in drums, traders
added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10903>
Enough European Community (EC) states
appear to be opposed to the proposals by the EC Commission for
a 330 European currency unit (Ecu) a tonne tax on vegetable
oils, fats and marine oils to block adoption by EC ministers,
British Farm Minister Michael Jopling said.
    He told a news conference held during a meeting here of EC
agriculture ministers that Britain, West Germany, the
Netherlands, Denmark, and Portugal were all against the tax.
    Between them, these five countries had more than enough
votes in the weighted voting system used in EC ministers'
meetings to block a decision, Jopling said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11437>
U.S. Agriculture Undersecretary
Daniel Amstutz said he was confident that a European Community,
EC, proposal to tax vegetable and marine oils and fats would
not be approved by the Community.
    Asked by Reuters if he was confident the plan eventually
would be defeated, Amstutz said, "Yes, I am, but I also know
that things like this take constant vigilance."
    The USDA official said the EC Council of Ministers held an
ad hoc meeting yesterday.
    Commenting on that meeting, he said, "So far, so good."
    Yesterday British Farm Minister Michael Jopling said enough
EC states appeared to be opposed to the proposals by the
commission for a 330 European Currency Unit a tonne tax on
vegetable oils, fats and marine oils for the moves to be
defeated.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11671>
The Commodity Credit Corporation
(CCC) switched five mln dlrs in credit guarantees to Ecuador to
provide for more sales of U.S. vegetable oil, the U.S.
Agriculture Department said.
    The credit guarantees were previously earmarked for sales
of U.S. cotton, feedgrains and wheat.
    The action reduces the guarantee lines previously
authorized for sales of cotton from 1.5 mln dlrs to 500,000
dlrs, for feedgrains from four mln to two mln and for wheat
from 45 mln dlrs to 43 mln dlrs and increases coverage for
vegetable oil sales from two mln to seven mln dlrs, the
department said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11778>
The Malaysian government said it
raised the export duty on processed palm oil (ppo) to 70.90
ringgit per tonne from 64.06 in March, effective today.
    Export duty on crude palm oil (cpo) rose to 38.30 ringgit
per tonne from 16.06 last month.
    The gazetted price for ppo rose to 819.6600 ringgit per
tonne from 796.8604 a month earlier and that on cpo to 711.0037
ringgit from 617.8238.
    The export duty and gazetted price of palm kernel stood
unchanged at 191.15 and 955.75 ringgit per tonne respectively.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11840>
Lightning strikes hit the grain sector
of the port of Rotterdam today after employers turned down
union demands for shorter working hours in a new labour
agreement, transport union FNV spokesman Bert Duim said.
    Around 140 grain handlers stopped work, 125 of them at the
two Europoort locations of Graan Elevator Mij (GEM), which
handles about 95 pct of grain, oilseeds and derivatives passing
through Rotterdam.
    GEM managing director Pieter van der Vorm said the
facilities were 40 pct operational.
    The employers had invited the unions for talks later today,
but details of the labour agreement would not be on the agenda,
Van der Vorm said.
    It is barely one month since the end of an eight-week
campaign of lightning strikes against redundancies in
Rotterdam's general cargo sector, which stevedoring companies
said cost them millions of guilders.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11886>
The United Nations Food and Agriculture
Organization, FAO, said it approved emergency food aid worth
more than 14.3 mln dlrs for drought victims in Ethiopia.
    The aid will include 30,000 tonnes of wheat and 1,200
tonnes of vegetable oil for farmers in the Wollo and Illubabor
regions.
    FAO said it has also approved more than 1.4 mln dlrs of
food aid for 8,000 families in Sri Lanka. In addition, 583,225
dlrs of aid will be made available to Malawi to feed 96,700
people displaced from Mozambique and a further 340,200 dlrs for
cyclone victims in Vanuatu in the South Pacific.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11932>
U.S. Census Bureau figures released
here showed factory and warehouse stocks on Feb 28 included the
following, with comparisons, in mln lbs --
          02/28/87    01/31/87  02/28/86
 Soybean Oils --
   Crude  1,663.3-x  1,542.6      893.7
 Refined    300.5-x    294.7-r    287.4
   Total  1,963.8-x  1,837.3-r  1,181.1
Cotton Oils --
   Crude     65.7       55.8-r     64.5
 Refined    122.3      109.6-r    119.6
   Total    188.0      165.4-r    184.1
 X-Revised from preliminary data released in the bureau's
oilseeds report of March 23. R-Revised.

     Factory and Warehouse Stocks, continued -
         02/28/87  01/31/87   02/28/86
 Corn Oils --
     Crude   32.5    32.3-r   44.2
   Refined   65.8    54.4-r   39.9
     Total   98.3    86.7-r   84.1
      Lard   31.4    31.5-r   36.4
  R-Revised.
 reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11953>
U.S. factories used 1,053.0 mln lbs
of various vegetable oils in the production of edible products
during February, the Census Bureau reported.
    That compared with a revised usage of 1,075.0 mln lbs in
January and 1,084.2 mln lbs in February, 1986.
    February production of selected products included the
following, with comparisons, in mln lbs --
                 Feb 87    Jan 87    Feb 86
     Baking or
   Frying Fats -- 355.5    387.6-r   427.4
 Soybean Salad and
   Cooking Oil -- 388.1    373.3-r   351.7
 R-Revised.

    Production, continued (in mln lbs --)
                   Feb 87    Jan 87   Feb 86
 Other Salad and
    Cooking Oils   111.2    111.4-r   114.3
       Margarine   218.8    216.9-r   214.4
       Glycerine --
           Crude    21.5     25.9      31.3
         Refined    23.5     23.6-r    25.4
     Fatty Acids   102.9    112.5-r   113.1
       Meat/Meal
         Tankage   410.2    458.2-r   446.2
 R-Revised.
REUTER^M
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12224>
Argentine vegetable oils shipments
during January/December 1986 totalled 1,796,121 tonnes, against
1,577,722 tonnes in the same period of 1985, the Argentine
Grain Board said.
    Breakdown was as follows: cotton 9,000 (27,900), sunflower
954,303 (840,440), linseed 119,954 (138,944), groundnutseed
26,248 (26,246), soybean 669,094 (524,715), tung 9,047
(11,363), olive 2,417 (4,125), maize 6,058 (3,989), rape nil
(nil) , grape nil (nil), the board added.
    Shipments during December 1986 amounted to 102,870 tonnes,
against 108,514 tonnes in the same month of 1985.
    The breakdown, was as follows, in tonnes:
    Cotton 5,000 (nil), sunflower 25,156 (23,713), linseed
6,127 (5,990), groundnutseed nil (738), soybean 65,759
(76,371), tung 645 (730), olive 183 (660), maize nil (312),
rape nil (nil), grape nil (nil), the board said.    
    The ten principal destinations during January/December
1986, with comparative figures for the same period of 1985 in
brackets, were as follows, in tonnes:
    Iran 212,043 (209,177), Holland 204,558 (215,784), Soviet
Union 173,060 (266,389), Egypt 163,119 (164,252), Algeria
116,330 (11,492), South Africa 105,230 (110,064), Brazil
101,599 (103,142), Cuba 89,957 (98,740), United States 80,109
(44,826), India 67,182 (17,403), the board said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12372>
The U.S. House Agriculture Committee
approved proposals to extend the life of the Export Enhancement
Program, EEP, through fiscal 1990 and urged the Reagan
administration offer EEP wheat to the Soviet Union.
    The proposals were approved as amendments to a
comprehensive trade bill moving through Congress this year.
    In addition to the amendments on EEP, the committee
approved several proposals which could restrict imports of
lamb, casein, sugar-containing products and tobacco. Those
amendments affecting imports face an uncertain future because
the House Ways and Means Committee, which has overall
jurisdiction over trade legislation, will oppose them,
Congressional sources said.
    The effect of the EEP amendments would be to extend the
life of the program five years through fiscal 1990 rather than
the current three years through fiscal 1988.
    The amendments, offered by Rep. Dan Glickman, D-Kan., also
would increase funding for the program to 2.5 billion dlrs from
1.5 billion now.
    Furthermore, the committee passed an amendment offered by
Rep. Glickman which instructs the U.S. Agriculture Department
to value EEP bonus commodities at market value, not acquisition
value. Glickman said the change would make the program 30 pct
less expensive to operate.
    The provision on EEP wheat to the Soviet Union, offered by
Rep. Bob Smith, R-Ore., does not require the administration
make an offer, but urges such action.
    The committee approved an amendment, offered by Rep. Glenn
English, D-Okla., requiring the Secretary of Agriculture to
begin discussions with other major grain producing countries
aimed at jointly reducing world grain production.
    Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter yesterday opposed the
amendment, saying such commodity agreements do not work.
    Among the host of amendments to restrict imports approved
by the panel, the most significant would require quotas on
imports of goods containing more than 25 pct of a bulk farm
product that is subject to U.S. quotas. The amendment, offered
by Rep. Arlan Stangeland, R-Minn., is aimed primarily at
curbing imports from Canada of products containing sugar and
foreign foods containing dairy products. It also may affect
peanut, cotton and tobacco imports, Committee sources said.
    Another amendment would place a quota on U.S. imports of
casein, a dairy product shipped to the U.S. primarily by New
Zealand and Ireland.
    The panel also voted to apply to lamb imports the same
countercyclical import quota law which is operating for U.S.
beef imports.
    Other miscellaneous amendments included:
    -- Urging the administration consider retaliating against
Japan and South Korea if those countries do not remove
restrictions on beef imports.
    -- Boosting the amount of U.S. grain which must be shipped
each year under a food aid program called Section 416 to
800,000 tonnes from 500,000 tonnes now.
    -- Requiring the Agriculture Secretary conduct a study of
the Canadian Wheat Board import licensing system for wheat to
determine if it is a non-tariff trade barrier.
    -- Requiring the Agriculture Secretary reimburse the
National Corn Growers Association up to 500,000 dlrs for the
costs of defending the U.S. feedgrains program against a
Canadian countervailing duty case this year.
    -- Urging the administration oppose the Canadian decision
to apply a duty on U.S. corn imports, and a proposal by the
European Community to apply a vegetable oils tax.
    -- USDA conduct a study of the findings of a National
Commission on Agricultural Export Policy, which recommended a
reorganization of USDA's trade policy apparatus.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12425>
Two days of talks between management and
unions to try to end the 3-1/2 month labour dispute at Cargill
U.K. Ltd's oilseed crushing plant at Seaforth ended yesterday
without resolving the situation, a company spokesman said.
    Fresh talks are expected to be held early next week but the
actual date has not yet been fixed, he added.
    Oilseed processing at the mill has been at a standstill
since December 19 and the company has declared force majeure
for deliveries of soymeal and soyoil ahead to May.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12585>
Pakistan will tender tomorrow for 12,000
tonnes of refined bleached deodorised palm olein tomorrow,
split in two equal cargo lots for first and second half April
shipments, traders said.
    The tender will be financed with Islamic Development Bank
credit.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12746>
The Palm Oil Registration and
Licensing Authority (PORLA) reports trade in crude palm oil
(cpo) on April 2 as follows in ringgit per tonne delivered
unless stated.
    April 752.50 south and central 751 north average 752.50
down 6.50. May 750 south down 11.
    Refined palm oil traded in bulk US dlrs per tonne fob. RBD
palm oil May 320. RBD palm olein April 336 May 337.50 June 337.
RBD palm stearin May 275.
    The cpo market was lower in light trading, with April
traded between 747.50 and 755 ringgit per tonne.
    The refined palm oil market was slightly easier and April
delivery of RBD palm olein to Singapore traded at 856.50
ringgit per tonne.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12786>
The Indian State Trading Corporation
(STC) bought 20,000 tonnes of optional origin soybean oil and
6,000 tonnes of rbd palm olein at its import tender yesterday,
traders said.
    Pakistan, however, rejected offers at its tender for 12,000
tonnes of rbd palm oil, but is expected to reenter the market
next week, they said.
    The STC soyoil purchase was for May 20/Jun 20 shipment at
319 dlrs per tonne cif and the palm olein for Apr 25/May 25
shipment at 355 dlrs per tonne.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13080>
U.S. scientists said some tropical
vegetable oils can be hazardous to consumers whose health is at
risk because of high levels of saturated fat, lending weight to
a campaign by the American Soybean Association (ASA) for
labelling changes.
    The scientists appeared to support an ASA charge, denied by
Malaysian palm growers, that imported coconut, palm and palm
kernel oils contain high levels of saturated fat and thus raise
blood cholesterol and the risk of heart disease.
    In a petition filed in January, the ASA asked the U.S. Food
and Drug Administration (FDA) to require palm, palm kernel and
coconut oils to be identified as saturated fats on food
manufacturers' labels.
    The FDA responded to the ASA in a letter saying it would
consider the petition as a comment to a proposed rule dealing
with cholesterol and fatty acid labelling of foods.
    Malaysian oil palm growers have said the charges by the ASA
that palm oil consumption increases blood cholesterol and
contributes to heart disease are untrue.
    But Steve Chang, Professor of Food Science at Rutgers
University, said, "Palm oil is definitely not good for human
health because it has a high content of saturated fatty acid."
    He added that the higher the fatty acid, the greater the
blood cholesterol level. "It has been well established that
high cholesterol levels will have a higher level of heart
disease," he said.
    A Malaysian Oil Palm Growers Council official, Borge
Bek-Nielsen, has said studies have shown that palm oil is
cholesterol-free, low in saturated fats, has anti-cancer
properties and prevents blood clotting and blocking of arteries
in humans.
    Bek-Nielsen said Americans consume more saturated fats
daily through food like butter, bacon, ham and beef than from
palm oil, which, he added is rich in vitamins A and E.
    David Kritchevsky, Associate Director of the Wistar
Institute in Philadelphia, appeared to take the ASA view on
labelling. "What people really have to learn is to read labels,"
said Kritchevsky. "The more a consumer knows, the more likely he
will make an intelligent choice."
    The U.S. scientists said they had no doubt imported palm,
palm kernel and coconut oils contain high saturated fat levels.
    Kritchevsky, a specialist in nutrition, said, "More
saturated fat would raise cholesterol levels...So, from that
point of view it's a health risk. High cholesterol levels in
the blood are a risk factor for heart disease."
    Susanne Harris, deputy assistant secretary of the U.S.
Agriculture Department's Food and Consumer Services Division,
said the health risk among consumers of vegetable oils with
high saturated fat levels was highest among those who have
heart disease.
    The scientists said more than 50 pct of the fatty acid
content of the tropical oils was saturated, whereas less than
20 pct of the fatty acid content of soybean oil was saturated.
    David Ericksen, director of ASA's technical services, said
U.S. soybean producers could regain about one-half of the 273
mln dlrs in sales lost to imported tropical oils if consumers
were aware the vegetable oils were high in saturated fat.
    Imported tropical oils displace 171 mln bushels of U.S.
soybean sales in the U.S. market, ASA estimates.
    U.S. imports of coconut oil during January totaled 82.9 mln
lbs compared with 48.0 mln lbs in December and 106.5 mln a year
earlier, according to Commerce Department figures.
    Imports of palm oil totaled 44.0 mln lbs compared with 51.3
mln lbs in December and 85.2 mln a year earlier.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13738>
Malaysian and Indonesian palm oil
production is likely to drop sharply this year, due to lower
yields, the Hamburg-based newsletter Oil World said.
    The publication expects total Malaysian output during
Jan/Sept 1987 to decline by eight pct to 3.05 mln tonnes. For
East Malaysia, it put production during the period at 297,000
tonnes after 312,000 a year earlier and for West Malaysia 2.75
mln compared with just over 3.0 mln during Jan/Sept 1986.
    It said new plantings had slowed markedly in both
countries, but the effects of this will not be felt until
1988-90.
    Above normal yields during recent years resulted in trees
reacting to the stress by changing the sex ratio to more male
inflorescences and/or aborting more female, Oil World said.
    Yields per hectare are also likely to be adversely affected
this year by insufficient rain up to 25 months ago. This could
especially affect trees in West Malaysia during April/June,
while in East Malaysia the impact will be in February/April and
July/Dec, and in Indonesia July/Sept.
    Last year's cut in fertilizer use will hit this year's
yields and bigger effects are expected within the next three
years, Oil World said without elaborating.
    Opening stocks in West Malaysia at the start of this year
were put at only 565,000 tonnes compared with 914,000 in
January 1986, Oil World said.
    West Malaysian net exports are therefore expected to drop
500,000 tonnes to 2.54 mln during Jan/Sept, while those of East
Malaysia are likely to decline by 10 pct to 280,000 tonnes.
    Indonesian palm oil production is forecast to fall about
eight pct during Jan/May, but to rise from June on. Overall
Indonesian output during Jan/Sept is forecast to rise three pct
to 933,000 tonnes. Indonesian stocks as of April 1, however,
are put at only 65,000 tonnes compared with 160,000 a year ago.
    Indonesian export commitments and domestic requirements are
both running at high levels, Oil World said, and it expects the
country's imports to reach a record 110,000 tonnes during
Jan/Sept. The bulk of this will arrive during Feb/May, ahead of
the April elections and the religious Ramadan festival
throughout May, it said.
    Indonesian net exports, therefore, may fall by 29 pct to
350,000 tonnes, Oil World said. The possibility that recent
Indonesian palm oil purchases will not actually enter the
country but be transshipped to other countries to fulfill
Indonesia's export orders cannot be ruled out, it said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14509>
The Commodity Credit Corporation
(CCC) has reallocated 5.0 mln dlrs in credit guarantees
previously earmarked for sales of U.S. wheat to provide
coverage for sales of U.S. vegetable oil to Bangladesh, the
U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    USDA said the action was taken at the request of the
Bangladesh government and reduces the guarantee line authorized
for wheat sales from 25.0 mln dlrs to 20.0 and creates a new
line of 5.0 mln dlrs for vegetable oils.
    To be eligible for coverage under the CCC's Intermediate
Export Credit Program, credit terms must be in excess of three
years, but not more than seven years.
    All sales covered by the credit guarantees must be
registered and shipped by September 30, 1987, USDA said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2420>
The Agricultural Stabilization and
Conservation Service (ASCS) bought 2.3 mln pounds of peanut
products at a cost of 2.1 mln dlrs and 7.4 mln pounds of
vegetable oil/shortening for 2.0 mln dlrs, for domestic
distribution April 1-15 and April 16-30, an ASCS spokesman
said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2456>
Corn sales gained 2,494,900 tonnes in
the week ended February 26, the highest weekly total since
August 1984 and two and three-quarter times the prior week's
level, the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    In comments on its Export Sales Report, the department said
sales of 1.0 mln tonnes to the USSR -- previously reported
under the daily reporting system -- were the first sales for
delivery to the USSR under the fourth year of the U.S.-USSR
Grains Supply Agreement, which began October 1.
    Japan added 689,700 tonnes to previous purchases and sales
to unknown destinations rose by 429,800 tonnes.
    Wheat sales of 362,400 tonnes for the current season and
151,000 for the 1987/88 season were down by more than half from
the previous week's combined sales, it said.
    Egypt, Japan and Iraq were the major wheat buyers for
delivery in the current year, while sales to China decreased by
30,000 tonnes for the current season, but increased by 90,000
tonnes for the 1987/88 season, which begins June 1.
    Net sales of soybeans totalling 274,200 tonnes equaled the
preceding week, but were nearly a third below the four week
average. Major increases were for Belgium, South Korea, Mexico
and Italy, it said.
    Soybean cake and meal sales of 103,700 tonnes were 2-3/4
times the previous week's marketing year low, but six pct less
than the four week average.
    Major increases for West Germany, Belgium, Spain, Italy and
Australia were partially offset by declines to unknown
destinations.
    Soybean oil sales of 5,400 tonnes were the result of
increases for Venezuela and reductions of 500 tonnes for
unknown destinations.
    Combined sales activity in cotton of 75,200 running bales
-- 44,700 bales for the current year and 30,500 bales for the
1987/88  bales -- were 56 pct below the prior week's good
showing, the department said.
    Major purchasers for the current season were South Korea,
Japan, Taiwan and Thailand, while South Korea and Indonesia
were the major buyers for the 1987/88 season, which begins
August 1.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2975>
China has raised the prices it pays
farmers for cotton, edible oil, sugar cane and beets to reverse
a decline in output in 1986, He Kang, Minister of Agriculture,
Animal Husbandry and Fisheries said.
    The China Daily quoted He as saying China should adopt
intensive farming to increase per hectare output and improve
crop quality and maintain arable land at 111 mln hectares. He
gave no details of the price increases.
    On grain, He said the state will cut the quota it purchases
from farmers by 50 mln tonnes and abolish the practice of
purchasing through agents.
    He said the state will increase investment in agriculture
and supplies of fertiliser, diesel oil and other production
materials and stabilise fertiliser and diesel oil prices.
    The state offers cheap fertiliser and diesel oil and
payment in advance to farmers who contract to supply grain at a
low state-fixed price.
    He said China aims to produce between 425 and 450 mln
tonnes of grain by 1990, up from a target of 405 mln this year
and an actual 391 mln last year.
    He gave no more details.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3499>
Saudi Arabia bought 5,000 tonnes of
refined bleached deodorised palm olein at its import tender
yesterday for April 16/25 shipment at 353 dlrs per tonne cost
and freight Jeddah, traders said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3540>
Lower production of coconut
and palm oils could lead to a decline in vegetable oil stocks
this year despite growing supplies of oilseeds, senior oilseeds
analyst for Merrill Lynch Capital Markets Mario Balletto said.
    Balletto told a conference of Canadian farmers at Alberta
Agriculture's annual farm outlook conference that the world
vegetable oil situation is one of potentially tight supplies.
    "Prices for edible oils appear to have more upside
potential reflecting strong world demand and an unprecedented
decline in the production of tree oils," Balletto said.
    Balletto estimated production of palm, coconut and palm
kernel oils this year at 8.5 mln tonnes, down from 9.1 mln
tonnes last year, enough to offset higher oilseed output.
    He estimated total vegetable oil production this year at
33.4 mln tonnes, up from 33.0 mln last year, and disappearance
at 34.0 mln tonnes, up from 32.6 mln.
    Unless oilseed crushing increases sharply, he said,
disappearance of vegetable oils could exceed production by
600,000 tonnes, the largest deficit since 1976.
    "If world protein meal demand stagnates, thus limiting the
crush of soybeans ... the need for serious supply rationing in
the edible oils sector could develop," he said.
    "This would be relatively favorable for the prices of high
oil yielding seeds," Balletto said.
    Oilseeds, on the other hand, remain at depressed prices
because of burdensome supplies, he said.
    World ending stocks of oilseeds are estimated to increase
for the fourth straight year to a record 28.4 mln tonnes,
compared with 25.4 mln last year.
    The increase should result from lower disappearance, as
production is expected to fall to 184.0 mln tonnes from 185.7
mln last year, he said.
    World soybean production in 1987 totalled a record 98.9 mln
tonnes, up from 90.6 mln the previous year, Balletto said,
while production of other oilseeds was lower.
    Higher soybean production in South America and Europe made
up for lower production in the United States, he said.
    Soybeans account for the bulk of the surplus, and U.S.
stocks make up most of those, Balletto said.
    The Commodity Credit Corporation owned 12.7 mln tonnes,
about half of the world soybean surplus, he said.
    Since 1983-84, he said, world oilseed stocks have increased
13.1 mln tonnes.
    "During the same period, U.S. soybean stocks increased 12.1
mln tonnes, becoming the dumping ground of the entire world
surplus, courtesy of the CCC and highlighting the artificially
high prices caused by the U.S. loan program."
    "Soybean prices and, to a great extent, world oilseeds
prices are likely to be dominated by the loan program, as long
as the U.S. soybean surplus continues.
    For the 1987 crop, he said, prices are likely to hover in a
range tied to the U.S. loan program.
    "Upside potential for prices is limited by the huge supply
overhang while strong underlying support is provided by the
U.S. loan rate."
    The problem is likely to become worse as the artificially
high prices encourage producers in South America, Canada and
Australia to shift from grains to oilseeds, Balletto said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3950>
The Mexican Secretariat of Commerce
has told the U.S. that recent implementation of a 10 pct ad
valorem tariff for fixed vegetable oils, fluid or solid, crude,
refined or purified, was not targeted at sunflower oil, the
U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    In its World Production and Trade Report, the department
said the increase in tariffs on this category which includes
sunflower, corn and rapeseed oils, was a reaction to importers
using basket categories to avoid paying tariffs on specific
high-tariff products.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4035>
A British minister said that a proposed
European Community tax on vegetable oils and fats would raise
the price of fish and chips and he pledged the government would
fight against it.
    Lord Belstead, a junior agriculture minister, told the
House of Lords the tax would raise the price of raw materials
used in many processed foods by about 100 pct.
    He said revenue should not be raised by taxing the consumer
and called the proposal "repugnant."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4138>
Pakistan is likely to import 100,000
tonnes of refined, bleached and deodorised palm oil between
April and June this year, vegetable oil dealers said.
    They said the import would be financed by the Islamic
Development Bank (IDB) which signed an agreement with Pakistan
earlier this week in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.
    Pakistan had imported 600,000 tonnes of edible oil since
the beginning of the current financial year last July, they
added. The palm oil would come from Malaysia or Indonesia.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4199>
The Commodity Credit Corporation,
CCC, has reallocated two mln dlrs in credit gurantees
previously earmarked for sales of U.S. protein meals to cover
sales of vegetable oil and tallow to El Salvador, the U.S.
Agriculture Department said.
    The action reduces coverage for sales of protein meals to
14 mln dlrs from 16 mln dlrs and creates new lines of one mln
dlrs for tallow and/or greases and one mln dlrs for vegetable
oils, the department said.
    All sales under the credit guarantee lines must be
registered and exported by Sepember 30, 1987, it said.
    The guarantee rates include a charge to provide for a
yearly interest rate coverage of up to 4.5 pct on the
guaranteed value, the department said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4305>
The Indian State Trading Corp bought
one, or possibly two, 6,000 tonne cargoes of Malaysian refined
bleached deodorised palm olein at its vegetable oil import
tender today for Mar 15/Apr 15 shipment at 355 dlrs per tonne
cif, traders said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4436>
Argentine Vegetable oils shipments
during January/November 1986 totalled 1,693,951 tonnes, against
1,469,208 tonnes in the same 1985 period, the Argentine grain
board said.
    The breakdown was: cotton 4,000 (27,900), sunflower 929,847
(816,727), linseed 113,827 (132,954), groundnutseed 26,248
(25,508), soybean 603,335 (448,344), tung 8,402 (10,633), olive
2,234 (3,465), maize 6,058 (3,677), rapeseed nil (nil), grape
nil (nil), the board added.
    Shipments during November 1986 amounted to 138,257 tonnes,
against 109,250 tonnes in the same month of 1985.
    The breakdwon was, in tonnes, cotton nil (nil), sunflower
27,715 (43,064), linseed 5,228 (4,473), groundnutseed 819
(3,647), soybean 104,314 (56,901), tung 20 (nil), olive 161
(858), maize nil (307), rapeseed nil (nil), grape nil (nil),
the board said.
    The ten principal destinations during January/November
1986, with comparative figures for the same 1985 period in
brackets, were, in tonnes:
    Holland 201,660 (204,391), Iran 182,042 (181,228), Soviet
Union 163,150 (266,389),Egypt 158,119 (159,350), Algeria
116,330 (11,492), Brazil 101,116 (59,430) , South Africa 94,700
(101,062) , Cuba 89,957 (98,740) , United States 80,109 (nil),
India 67,182 (17,403), the board added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4650>
India is to partially cover the cost
of its Malaysian palm oil imports through a countertrade deal
involving the construction of two bridges valued at 20 mln
dlrs, an Indian trade source told Reuters.
    He said Malaysia agreed to the oil-for-bridges deal in
October after India said it could no longer buy some 700,000
tonnes of palm oil a year because of its trade deficit.
    Malaysia has also agreed to barter palm oil for 30 mln dlrs
of hydroelectric equipment and is interested in countertrading
for Indian iron ore, wheat and other goods and services, he
said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4681>
The Indian State Trading Corporation
(STC) bought three cargoes of rbd palm olein at its vegetable
oil import tender yesterday, traders said. Late yesterday the
market was reporting it had bought one to two cargoes.
    The business comprised two 6,000 tonne cargoes for March
15/April 15 shipments at 355 dlrs per tonne cif, and 6,000
tonnes for May at 358 dlrs. The first two cargoes were on a
cash basis and the May position was transacted on a 30 pct
counter-trade basis, traders said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5142>
Bangladesh floated an international
tender for the purchase of 10,000 tonnes of refined soyabean
oil for delivery at Chittagong/Chalna port by April 24, Food
Ministry officials said.
    The tender closes March 28 at 0500 GMT.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5152>
Indonesia, the world's second largest
producer of palm oil, has not issued licences to import the
commodity, a spokesman for the Ministry of Trade said.
    Traders in London said Indonesia has issued licences to
local operators to import around 135,000 tonnes of palm oil
starting in April, but the spokesman said this was incorrect.
    A spokesman for the Indonesian Importers Association also
denied knowledge of the import plan. He said importers would
quickly know if licences were issued. The Trade Ministry
official said there was no sign of a palm oil shortage in
Indonesia.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5169>
Tense trade relations with the U.S.
And Japan and concern about the foreign impact of a proposed
European Community (EC) tax on edible oils and fats are
expected to dominate talks by EC foreign ministers here
tomorrow.
    EC diplomats said Britain demanded the early debate on the
EC Executive Commission's proposal to impose a hefty tax on
domestic and imported oils and fats in an attempt to head off a
proposal it sees as extremely damaging to EC foreign relations.
    The proposal was the most controversial part of a reform
package, due to be discussed by EC farm ministers later this
month, of the EC's Common Agricultural Policy -- widely seen as
the root cause of the EC's persistent financial problems and of
tensions with major trading partners.
    The proposal is described by its promoters as a
stabilisation program which would penalise a new sector going
into massive overproduction and complement proposals to cut
cereals and dairy production, rather than a straight forward
tax.
    They say it would not only curb the growth of oils and fats
production and prevent imports from filling any vaccum left by
a fall in EC output, but would also save the EC some two
billion European Currency Units, over two billion dlrs, in farm
costs.
    It has provoked strong protests from domestic producers as
well as foreign exporters, led by the United States.
    The diplomats said the protests had been received from most
corners of the developing and developed world, ranging from
Senegal, Malaysia and Indonesia, to Brazil, Argentina, Canada,
Iceland and Norway.
    The proposal had little chance of approval by EC
governments, with West Germany as strongly opposed to it as
Britain, and Denmark, the Netherlands and Portugal also
unconvinced of its political or economic wisdom.
    Even Mediterranean countries such as Italy, France and
Greece, which backed similar proposals in the past, did not
seem as enthusiastic now because olive oil had been added to
the list of products affected.
    But the diplomats said a protectionist lobby in the U.S.
And elsewhere was using the proposal as an excuse to promote
anti-EC action, and the foreign ministers' debate should
demonstrate the strength of feeling against the proposal within
the EC and deprive its oponents of this argument.
    The ministers were also due to discuss proposals in the
U.S. Congress for a range of protecionist legislation such as a
bill that would curb EC textile exports.
    The diplomats said the ministers were expected to strongly
back a Commission warning to Washington that such a bill, if
enacted, would provoke swift EC retaliation.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5218>
Malaysian crude palm oil (cpo)
production fell to an estimated 270,400 tonnes in February from
an estimated 273,300 tonnes in January and 332,995 in February
1986, the Palm Oil Registration and Licensing Authority (PORLA)
said.
    Cpo stocks fell to an estimated 286,440 tonnes in February
from 287,940 in January and 653,411 in February last year.
    Processed palm oil stocks in February fell to an estimated
193,060 tonnes from 205,060 in January and 225,576 in February
1986.
    The January and February figures are subject to revision.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5285>
Britain and West Germany told their
European Community partners they would strongly oppose major
elements of proposals to rid the EC of its farm surpluses.
    At a meeting of EC foreign ministers, Britain called for a
full debate on a proposed tax on edible oils and fats that has
already angered EC consumer groups and unleashed Washington-led
protests from exporters to the EC, diplomats said.
    West Germany, also opposed to the oils and fats tax, will
advise the meeting formally later today it cannot countenance
other proposals that could hit German farmers, they added.
    They said West Germany's objections were put in a letter
this weekend from Chancellor Helmut Kohl to Jacques Delors, the
president of the EC's Executive Commission which had put
forward the proposals last month in a bid to avoid a new EC
cash crisis.
    Kohl reiterated German objections to proposed cereals
production curbs but reserved his harshest criticism for a
proposed dismantling of Monetary Compensatory Amounts (MCAs) -
a system of cross-border subsidies and taxes which level out
foreign exchange fluctuations for farm exports.
    Kohl made clear the dismantling would mainly hit German
farmers who, without MCAs, would find it much more difficult to
export to weaker currency states, which means virtually all
other 11 EC states, diplomats said.
    Britain initiated the discussion on the proposal to impose
a hefty tax on domestic and imported oils and fats because it
could seriously damage EC trade relations.
    The diplomats said the United States had been the most
outspoken among foreign critics of the proposal, describing it
as a breach of the EC's obligations under the world trade body
GATT.
    But protests had also come from other exporters to the EC,
such as Senegal, Malaysia, Indonesia, Brazil, Argentina,
Iceland and Norway, they added.
    Britain has often lined up against West Germany on the farm
reform issue in the past but is keen to avoid measures that
could spark a damaging trade war with the U.S.
    Foreign ministers were unlikely to take a decision on
either the oils and fats tax or the MCA proposals today,
diplomats said. But their discussion should make clear that
neither has a chance of surviving when it comes up for
substantive consideration by EC farm ministers later this
month, they added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5292>
Indonesia will build a crude palm oil
terminal at a new port on Batam island, south of Singapore,
Research and Technology Minister Yusuf Habibie said.
    The terminal will be able to handle 2.1 mln tonnes of crude
palm oil from new plantations in northern Sumatra and western
Kalimantan (Borneo), he said.
    A tender for engineering work on the Asia Port project will
be offered mid-year. Habibie did not say when the terminal was
expected to be operational.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5315>
Indonesia has imported palm oil this
year and is likely to take more, trade sources said.
    They were commenting on a weekend Jakarta report quoting a
Ministry of Trade spokesman as saying Indonesia had not issued
licences to import the commodity. He also said there was no
sign of a shortage of palm oil in Indonesia.
    A major palm oil dealer said he shipped Malaysian palm oil
to Indonesia in February, additional vessels were loading this
month and other vessels had been earmarked for April.
    Other operators claimed they had palm oil booked for
Indonesia but would not disclose tonnages.
    Traders said palm oil production in Indonesia this year had
been below expectations and current stocks were low. They said
licences were issued at the start of the year to import crude
palm oil but were subsequently revised to include RBD olein and
RBD oil.
    Last week there were rumours in European markets that
Indonesia had issued licences to import around 135,000 tonnes
of palm oil for deliveries commencing April. An Indonesian
Ministry of Trade official said this was incorrect.
    Some traders here said the total could be more. Others said
they could include those issued earlier this year and
applications not yet granted.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5391>
American soybean producers are
confident the proposed European Community (EC) tax on vegetable
oils and fats will be rejected but are leaving nothing to
chance, American Soybean Association (ASA) president-elect
Wayne Bennett said.
    Bennett, who is leading one of three soybean producer
delegations on a lobbying tour of EC capitals, was speaking at
a lunch.
    After meetings at the Economics and Foreign ministries this
morning, he said the Dutch Government had indicated it would
vote against the proposal, as had a number of other countries.
    "Our information suggests we will have the required number
of votes in Brussels to prevent the tax proposal going forward,"
he said.
    "The proposal has been talked of in Brussels for the past 20
years, and dropped every time. What we want now is to kill it
once and for all," Bennett added.
    Backing up the soybean producers' active lobbying, the U.S.
Government has also indicated it will be prepared to retaliate
with penal import taxes if the proposal does get through, he
said.
    The U.S. Government also feels it has a good case to fight
the proposed tax in the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
(GATT), a U.S. Embassy spokesman said.
    U.S. Exports of soybeans and products to the EC account for
one-fifth of annual production, and are worth about 2.5 billion
dlrs a year, Bennett said.
    The proposed tax on oils and fats would hit U.S. Producers
badly while at the same time virtually doubling the price of
soyoil in the EC, which would suffer far worse than other
higher-priced oils because of the nature of the proposed tax,
he added.
    The revenue to the EC from the tax would simply be used to
finance the EC's own oilseed subsidy machine, he said.
    "We in the ASA are dedicated free-traders. We helped defeat
the Wine Equity Act two years ago, but we will not stand by and
watch our own farmers suffer from such protectionist EC
measures," Bennett said.
    "The mood in the U.S. Is turning increasingly protectionist,
and the EC's actions are fueling the chances of a trade war,"
he added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5506>
U.S. Trade Representative Clayton
Yeutter said the United States will retaliate if the European
Community adopts a proposed tax on vegetable oils, but he did
not say what EC products would be singled-out for reprisal.
    Speaking to the National Grain and Feed Association (NGFA)
convention here, Yeutter said he is "cautiously optimistic" the
controversial oils tax proposal will be rejected by the EC
Council of Ministers.
    Yeutter said the proposed tax is a "flagrant violation of
the spirit of GATT" because it would imperil the zero binding
duty on U.S. exports of soybeans to Europe.
    He said the Reagan administration has yet to decide on a
retaliation list. The administration would not reveal a
retaliation list unless the EC approved the proposal, he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5635>
The Commodity Credit Corporation
(CCC) has approved an additional 84.0 mln dlrs in credit
guarantees for sales of U.S. agricultural products to Algeria
for fiscal year 1987 under the Export Credit Guarantee Program
(GSM-102), the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    The department said the additional guarantees provide up to
31.0 mln dlrs in coverage for sales of protein meals, 9.0 mln
dlrs for tallow, and 44.0 mln dlrs for vegetable oils.
    The latest guarantees increase the cumulative fiscal 1987
program for sales of U.S. agricultural products to Algeria to
464.0 mln dlrs from 380.0, it said.
    To be eligible for the credit guarantees, all sales must be
registered with the CCC by September 30, and shipments
completed by December 31, 1987, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5655>
U.S. Agriculture Department
proposals to offer 260,000 tonnes of subsidized vegetable oil
to four countries are still under consideration by an
interagency trade policy group, a USDA official close to the
group said.
    The official, who asked not to be identified, dismissed a
report circulating in markets today that the interagency trade
policy review group had rejected the proposals.
    Under the proposals, USDA would offer vegetable oil under
the export enhancement program, EEP, to four countries,
including 80,000 tonnes to Turkey and 60,000 tonnes to Algeria,
Morocco and Tunisia, industry sources said.
    The proposals "are still under review" by the interagency
working group, the USDA official said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5761>
The European Community's (EC)
executive Commission defended attacks on major elements of its
ambitious program to rid the EC of its controversial farm
surpluses, after strong attacks from northern states.
    Britain and West Germany, backed by the Netherlands and
Denmark, opposed a proposed tax on edible oils and fats which
has already sparked strong protest from exporters to the EC led
by the U.S. and from EC consumer groups, diplomats said.
    But EC Agriculture Commissioner Frans Andriessen told
journalists he had warned ministers that failure to agree the
tax, proposed last month as part of the Commission's annual
farm price package, would leave a large hole in the group's
budget.
    He added that he hoped states had not yet made their mind
up for good. "I hope the debate is still open, if not there will
be a formidable hole in the budget," he said.
    The shortfall could reach two billion dollars in 1988 and
would be only slightly less this year, he said.
    Foreign ministers were taking a first look at the tax ahead
of farm ministers in a move described by diplomats as
unprecedented and welcomed by Andriessen as a sign ministers
recognised the importance of reforming the EC's farm policy.
    The proposed tax is designed to provide the EC with extra
cash to finance community oilseed crops at their current levels
and to brake a dramatic decrease in olive oil consumption by
making it more competitive with other oils.
    Andriessen noted the EC has over two mln olive oil
producers, mostly small farmers, who could be helped by the
tax.
    "What we are suggesting is reasonable, it should be better
understood not just outside the community but at home," he said.
    Britain, normally a keen advocate of radical changes in the
EC's costly farm subsidies system, warned the proposal to
impose the tax on both domestic and imported oils and fats
could seriously damage the EC's trade relations with other
countries.
    Britain also warned that the tax could hit developing
countries already receiving aid from the EC, they said.
    The Commission also defended proposals to dismantle
Monetary Compensatory Amounts (MCA) -- a system of cross border
subsidies and taxes to level out foreign exchange fluctuations
for farm exports -- against harsh West German criticism.
    In a letter this weekend from Chancellor Helmut Kohl to EC
executive Commission President, Jacques Delors, Kohl made clear
such a dismantling would mainly hit West German farmers.
    Diplomats said West Germany again repeated its criticism at
the talks here but Andriessen told journalists that Germany had
been alone in its opposition. The question was a key aspect of
the Commission's farm price proposals, he added.
   Ministers also agreed a 3.5 billion dlrs scheme to rid the
EC of its butter mountain, despite Spanish and Portuguese
opposition.
    The scheme will pay for the disposal of one mln tonnes of
unwanted butter, by selling it at knock-down prices, turning it
into animal feed or exporting it at subsidised prices.
    National capitals are due to be reimbursed later out of
savings from another plan to curb milk production.
    Diplomats said Spain and Portugal have been angered by the
scheme, which they feel forces them to pay for massive
surpluses built up before they joined the community last year,
but the two countries did not block today's vote.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5791>
U.S. Agriculture Secretary
Richard Lyng warned the European Community yesterday it will
face serious retaliation if it enacts a new tax on products
such as U.S. Soybean oil.
    Speaking at a news conference before a scheduled speech,
Lyng said he did not think the tax, which is still in the
discussion stage, would be approved.
    He said the U.S. Would take serious retaliatory action
because if implemented, the tax would have a considerable
impact on U.S. Farmers.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6058>
The proposed European Community (EC) tax
on vegetable oils and fats is no longer a major issue on the
agenda and the EC Commission merely used it as a threat, the
West German Feed Stuffs Industry Association (MFI) said.
    Association chairman Ulrich Wagner told a news conference
the West German feed industry believes the EC does not
seriously contemplate the introduction of such a tax because it
would end in another transatlantic trade war.
    "We have just avoided a trade conflict with the U.S. And the
Commission used the tax threat to calm national farm lobbies."
    American Soybean Association (ASA) president-elect Wayne
Bennett said yesterday in The Hague that U.S. Soybean producers
were confident the tax would be rejected.
    Bennett, who is leading one of three soybean delegations on
a lobbying tour of EC capitals, will also visit Bonn on
Thursday and Friday.
    There are indications the Bonn government will also reject
the proposed tax, Wagner said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6062>
Italy's response to protests by U.S.
Soybean producers about the proposed European Community (EC)
tax on vegetable oils and fats had not been encouraging,
American Soybean Association (ASA) board chairman George
Fluegel said.
    Fluegel, heading one of three U.S. Soybean producer
delegations currently on a lobbying tour of EC countries, told
Reuters in an interview meetings with officials from the
Italian Foreign and Agricultural ministries had not yielded
much to encourage hopes that Italy would vote against the
proposed tax.
    Fluegel said his delegation had received a negative
response from the Italian Agriculture Ministry, but that the
attitude of the Foreign Ministry appeared "more realistic."
    He said the proposed tax was discriminatory against U.S.
Farmers since it was basically asking them to help finance the
EC's Common Agricultural Policy (CAP) on oilseeds.
    Asked which EC countries might be expected to vote against
the proposed tax, he said, "Realistically, from the information
we're getting, it looks like the English, the Germans,
hopefully the Netherlands and Denmark." His delegation also
hoped to convince Belgium to vote against the issue, he added.
    Asked what form he thought U.S. Retaliatory action might
take in the event of the EC tax proposal being approved,
Fluegel said industrial as well as agricultural products could
be involved.
    U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng warned the EC
yesterday it would face serious retaliation if it enacted the
tax.
    ASA president-elect Wayne Bennett said yesterday in The
Hague American soybean producers were confident the proposed
tax would be rejected.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6344>
Indonesia has issued licences to
traders to import palm oil to avert a possible shortage of
cooking oil during the Moslem fasting month of Ramadan in May,
Trade Minister Rachmat Saleh told Reuters.
    "We have given permission for a small amount of imports to
prevent a shortage during Ramadan," he said. He gave no figures
for the amount of palm oil to be imported, but said it would
come from Malaysia.
    Indonesia, the world's second largest palm oil producer,
earlier denied it had granted palm oil import licences.
    Saleh was replying to a question from Reuters after traders
in London said Indonesia had issued licences to import around
135,000 tonnes of palm oil for delivery in April.
    Indonesia, with 168 mln people, is the world's largest
Moslem country. During Ramadan Moslems fast during the day and
have large meals after sunset.
    Indonesian crude palm oil exports in the first 11 months of
1986 were 469,100 tonnes, according to central bank figures,
against 652,000 tonnes in the whole of calendar 1985.
    Indonesia is expanding palm oil output, and Saleh did not
explain why there might be a shortage during Ramadan.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6354>
Malaysian palm kernel output fell
to an estimated 80,500 tonnes in February from a revised 83,231
(originally 83,700) in January and 98,393 in February 1986, the
Palm Oil Registration and Licensing Authority said.
    Palm kernel stocks dropped to an estimated 45,870 tonnes in
February from a revised 55,693 (65,100) in January and 85,595
in February last year, it said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6412>
Egypt rejected all offers at a vegetable
oil import tender yesterday for unspecified amounts of
sunflowerseed oil and/or cottonseed oil, traders said. It has
asked for a renewal of offers on March 24.
    Exporters said they were not prepared to offer material on
Egypt's new landed contract terms which include a clause, "free
from radioactive contamination." Offers submitted were on old
contract terms, all of which were rejected.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6421>
Contract terms for trade in coconut
oil are to be changed from long tons to tonnes with effect from
the Aug/Sep contract onwards, Dutch vegetable oil traders said.
    Operators have already started to take account of the
expected change and reported at least one trade in tonnes for
Aug/Sept shipment yesterday.
    The Federation of Oils Seeds and Fats Associations, FOSFA,
in London said it had previously advised traders to adopt the
metric system for coconut oil transactions to bring the
commodity into line with other vegetable oils.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6535>
Pakistan and Sweden have signed a
commodity exchange agreement for 88 mln dlrs each way, the
Pakistan government announced.
    Pakistan's exports under the agreement will include raw
cotton, cotton products, cotton textiles, steel products,
molasses, naphtha and fresh and dried fruits.
    Swedish exports to Pakistan will include medical and
laboratory equipment, electrical telecommunication equipment,
diesel engine spares, mining and security equipment,
road-building and construction machinery, fertilisers and palm
oil.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6585>
The U.S. Senate Finance Committee
approved nonbinding resolutions urging the Reagan
administration oppose Canada's ruling on U.S corn imports and a
proposed new European Community tax on vegetable oils.
    The resolutions, approved by voice vote, now will be sent
to the Senate floor were they are expected to be approved.
    The EC oils measure, offered by Sen. John Danforth, R-Mo.,
urges the administration to take strong retaliatory measures if
the tax is approved by the EC Council of Ministers.
    Sen. David Durenberger, R-Minn., offered the corn amendment
which urges the administration to file a complaint with the
GATT if the U.S. believes the corn decision by Canada was
unjustified. Canada recently imposed a permanent duty of 85
cents per bushel on U.S. corn imports.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6954>
Indonesia cannot spend its way out of
recession and has very limited economic options due to lower
world oil prices, Central Bank governor Arifin Siregar was
quoted as saying by the official Antara news agency.
    "If Indonesia spurs its economic growth too much, such as
through expansionary monetary and budgetary policies, it might
create negative effects not only on price increases, but also
on the balance of payments," he told bankers and businessmen in
the North Sumatran city of Medan.
    Antara quoted him as saying Indonesia is relying on its
export drive to help narrow its trade deficit.
    Antara reported that Siregar said the government wanted to
help boost exports from the rubber and palm oil industries,
which are centered in Sumatra.
    "I see Sumatra has great potential, as in the plantation
sector in which family units are employed in great number," he
said, according to the agency.
    Indonesia relied on oil and gas exports for 70 pct of its
export revenue until last year's fall in crude prices.
    It has projected its current account deficit will widen to
over four billion dlrs in the current financial year ending
March 31 from 1.8 billion in 1985/86.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6993>
Three consecutive days of talks between
management and unions aimed at ending the three month old
strike at Cargill U.K. Ltd's oilseed processing plant at
Seaforth, ended yesterday without resolving the situation,
although some progress was made, a company spokesman said.
    Fresh talks have been scheduled for next Tuesday, he said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6994>
The European Community (EC) farmers'
and farm cooperatives lobbies, Copa and Cogeca, have backed the
EC Commission plan for an oils and fats price stabilisation
mechanism, claiming it would not harm consumers.
    In a letter to Belgian Foreign Minister Leo Tindemans,
current president of the EC Council of Ministers, they said the
mechanism, often referred to as a tax, would in fact subsidise
oils and fats prices in the EC under some circumstances.
    This would have been the case in May 1984, when soya oil
prices cif Rotterdam stood at 914 dlrs a tonne, they noted.
    If such price stabilisation is not implemented, EC farmers
should not be the ones to suffer through their prices and
incomes from the financial consequences, the letter, made
available to journalists, said.
    Under the Commission proposal the mechanism would initially
result in a tax of 330 Ecus a tonne on both imported and EC
produced oils and marine fats.
    The mechanism would provide for this tax to be reduced, and
possibly to become a subsidy, as world soya oil prices rose
from present levels.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7037>
American soybean producers and processors
are hoping the proposed EC tax on vegetable oils and fats will
not be imposed, but say the U.S. Is prepared to retaliate if it
is introduced.
    Wayne Bennett, the American Soybean Association's first
vice president, told a news conference the U.S. Administration
would not hesitate to retaliate, but both producers and
processors were trying to solve the issue through negotiation.
    U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Richard Lyng said in a letter
to EC officials that U.S. Retaliatory measures would cover more
than agricultural products if the tax was imposed, Bennett
said.
    The ASA and National Soybean Processors Association (NSPA)
delegations will meet top West German government officials
today and tomorrow to lobby for support.
    Bennett said West Germany, Britain, the Netherlands,
Denmark and Portugal oppose the tax, but Italy and Belgium seem
to have taken a hardline view on the issue.
    "Europeans in favour of the tax say it would be to their
advantage economically, but that is not correct because we
would hit back," NSPA chairman Jack Reed said.
    This step would be very expensive for all and no one would
emerge as a winner if the tax were introduced, he said.
    Reed pointed out the U.S. Administration and the soybean
industry view the EC proposal as violating the General
Agreement on Tariffs and Trade.
    The proposed tax also violates the zero duty bindings
agreed between the EC and U.S. In 1962, he said.
    Under the zero duty bindings pact U.S. Soybeans and
products can be exported to the Community duty-free.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7515>
Whether the European Community's
Council of Ministers will approve a proposed tax on vegetable
oils that has sparked threats of U.S. retaliation is uncertain,
an EC official said.
    "It is very far from certain that it will go through," Sir
Roy Denman, Head of the EC Delegation in Washington, told
reporters before he addressed the Foreign Trade Association.
    Denman noted Britain remains opposed to the plan and West
Germany has opposed it in the past.
    U.S. Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter has threatened
retaliation if the tax is approved, as it would limit U.S.
soybean exports to the EC. Council action is expected soon.
    Denman said while the EC is willing to negotiate about
agriculture in a new round of trade talks, it is unwilling to
single out export subsidies on a negotiating agenda or put
agricultural policy on a special fast track.
    "The key to a solution in this area seems to me not in the
framing of the GATT (General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade)
wording...but in tackling government subsidies to farmers on
both sides of the Atlantic," he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7625>
The West German government expressed
support for the U.S. Position in opposing the proposed European
Community tax on vegetable oils and fats, a U.S. Embassy
spokesman said.
    The spokesman, speaking from Bonn, said, "We have good
reason to think West Germany holds to its resistance to the
proposed tax."
    Several top government officials told the American Soybean
Association and the National Soybean Processors Association
delegations there was no reason for American producers and
processors to pay for EC agriculture, the spokesman said.
    European agriculture was facing severe problems, but both
the Community and the U.S. Should work closely within the
framework provided by the General Agreement on Tariffs and
Trade, he said.
    The delegations will continue their top level meetings in
Bonn today but will not issue a statement before returning to
the U.S. At the weekend.
    The EC and the U.S. Realised the tax issue would stay on
the agenda for several months and there were indications that
both sides would have to prepare for some tough negotiations,
the spokesman said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8003>
Total food aid needs in 69 of the
least developed countries declined in 1986/87, as requirments
fell in many countries in Africa, the Middle East and Asia, the
U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    In a summary of its World Agriculture Report, the
department said grain production in sub-Saharan Africa was a
record high in 1986, with gains in almost every country.
    However, food needs in Central America rose, worsened by
drought-reduced crops and civil strife.
    Record wheat production in 1986/87 is pushing global wheat
consumption for food to a new high, and higher yielding
varieties have been particularly effective where spring wheat
is a common crop, it said.
    However, may developing countries in tropical climates,
such as Sub-Saharan Africa, Southeast Asia, and Central
America, are not well adapted for wheat production, and
improved varieties are not the answer to rising food needs, the
department said.
    World per capita consumption of vegetable oil will rise in
1986/87 for the third straight year.
    Soybean oil constitutes almost 30 pct of vegetable oil
consumption, while palm oil is the most traded, the department
said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8086>
Indonesia has protested to the European
Community (EC) about its plan to raise import duties on
vegetable oils, which will affect the country's palm oil
exports to the EC, Trade Minister Rachmat Saleh said.
    "Indonesia, both individually and together with other
members of the Association of South-East Asian Nations (ASEAN),
has protested against the EC plan to increase duties on
vegetable oil imports," he told Indonesian reporters.
    "We very much regret the community's plan," he added.
    He did not say in what form the Indonesian protest was
made.
    Indonesia is a major palm oil producer.
    According to central bank figures, Indonesia exported
362,700 tonnes of crude palm oil to EC countries in calendar
1985 and 301,400 tonnes in the first 10 months of 1986.
Complete 1986 figures are not yet available.
    Finance Minister Radius Prawiro said recently that the
increase in EC duties would add a new burden to ASEAN countries
at a time when they were trying to strengthen their economies
in the face of lower commodity prices.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8156>
Philippines Trade and
Industry Secretary Jose Concepcion told world trade ministers
he wondered if their agreement was of any real value after the
European Community (EC) imposed a levy on vegetable oils.
    Concepcion, speaking at an informal meeting of the General
Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) here, said ministers
declared in Uruguay last September that the trade of
less-developed nations should not be disrupted.
    He said the EC not only ignored Manila's request for lower
tariffs on coconut oil but introduced a levy on vegetable oils
and fats that are vital exports for Southeast Asian countries.
    Concepcion said while the levy might be rejected by the EC
Council of Ministers, he noted that "I cannot help but wonder
whether the agreements we produce in meetings like this are of
any real value."
    He also said industrialised nations saved about 65 billion
U.S. Dlrs in 1985 through low commodity prices, but this had
affected the ability of developing nations to import goods and
services.
    "The health and the growth of world trade requires that the
new development of developing countries losing their share of
world trade be arrested and reversed," he said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8159>
The Indian State Trading Corporation
(STC) bought four cargoes of rbd palm olein totalling 24,000
tonnes at its vegetable oil import tender last week, traders
said. Market reports on Friday said the STC had booked two
cargoes.
    The business comprised three 6,000 tonne cargoes for June
at 346 dlrs and 6,000 tonnes for July at 340 dlrs per tonne
cif.
    It also secured a 20,000 tonne cargo of optional origin
rapeseed oil for May 15/Jun 15 shipment at 321 dlrs cif.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8596>
Philippines Trade and
Industry Secretary Jose Concepcion told world trade ministers
he wondered if their agreement was of any real value after the
European Community (EC) proposed a levy on vegetable oils.
    Concepcion, speaking at an informal meeting of the General
Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) here, said ministers
declared in Uruguay last September that the trade of
less-developed nations should not be disrupted.
    He said the EC not only ignored Manila's request for lower
tariffs on coconut oil but proposed a levy on vegetable oils
and fats that are vital exports for Southeast Asian countries.
    Concepcion said while the levy might be rejected by the EC
Council of Ministers, he noted that "I cannot help but wonder
whether the agreements we produce in meetings like this are of
any real value."
    He also said industrialised nations saved about 65 billion
U.S. Dlrs in 1985 through low commodity prices, but this had
affected the ability of developing nations to import goods and
services.
    "The health and the growth of world trade requires that the
new development of developing countries losing their share of
world trade be arrested and reversed," he said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9193>
Egypt purchased 46,000 tonnes of
optional origin sunflowerseed oil at its import tender
yesterday, all for May arrival, traders said.
    The business comprised 41,000 tonnes of crude sunflowerseed
oil in bulk at prices ranging from 344.25 to 348 dlrs and 5,000
tonnes of refined oil in drums at from 517.50 to 522.50 dlrs
per tonne, cost and freight Alexandria, delivered quality
terms.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9550>
The U.S. Commodity Credit
Corporation (CCC) has authorized an additional 10.0 mln dlrs in
credit guarantees to cover sales of U.S. vegetable oils to
North Yemen, the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    The department also said at the request of the North Yemen
Government five mln dlrs in credit guarantees previously
earmarked for sales of wheat have been switched to cover sales
of mixed poultry feed.
    The actions increase the value of credit guarantees for
vegetable oil for the current fiscal year to 38 mln dlrs,
reduce the guarantee coverage for sales of wheat to eight mln
dlrs and increase the coverage for sales of mixed poultry feed
to 10 mln dlrs.
    All exports must be completed by September 30, 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9756>
The U.K. Produced 820,400 tonnes of
oilcake and meal and 431,000 tonnes of crude vegetable oil in
calendar 1986, Ministry of Agriculture figures show.
    They compare with 785,800 tonnes of oilcake and meal and
407,400 tonnes of crude vegetable oil produced in 1985.
    Total oilseeds crushed rose to 1.27 mln tonnes from 1.21
mln in 1985.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9933>
The Senate voted to condemn the
proposed European common market tax on vegetable and marine
fats and oils and said it would result in retaliation.
    The non-binding Senate resolution, a sense of Senate
sentiment, was approved on a 99 to 0 vote.
    "The administration should communicate to the European
Community the message that the United States will view the
establishment of such a tax as inconsistent with the European
Community's obligations under the General Agreement on Tariffs
and Trade that will result in the adoption of strong and
immediate countermeasures," the resolution stated.
    The resolution said the European Community Commission has
proposed establishing a consumption tax on vegetable and fish
oils and fats in conjunction with the setting of farm prices
for the 1987/1988 EC marketing year.
    The Senate said the tax would amount to almost 90 pct of
the current price of soyoil and "have a restrictive effect" on
U.S. exports of soybeans and vegetable oils to the EC.
    It would be "blatantly inconsistent" with obligations of the
EC under the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, GATT, the
resolution said, and "constitute another egregious attempt" to
impose EC agricultural costs on trading partners.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9982>
The Senate voted to condemn the
proposed European common market tax on vegetable and fish fats
and oils and said it would result in retaliation.
    The non binding Senate resolution, a sense of Senate
sentiment, was approved on a 99 to 0 vote.
    "The administration should communciate to the European
Community the message that the United States will view the
establishment of such a tax as inconsistent with the European
Community's obligations under the General Agreement on Tariffs
and Trade that will result in the adoption of strong and
immediate countermeasures," the resolution stated.
 Reuter
</BODY>
