<BODY DOCID=5>
The U.S. Agriculture Department
reported the farmer-owned reserve national five-day average
price through February 25 as follows (Dlrs/Bu-Sorghum Cwt) -
         Natl   Loan           Release   Call
         Avge   Rate-X  Level    Price  Price
 Wheat   2.55   2.40       IV     4.65     --
                            V     4.65     --
                           VI     4.45     --
 Corn    1.35   1.92       IV     3.15   3.15
                            V     3.25     --
 X - 1986 Rates.

          Natl   Loan          Release   Call
          Avge   Rate-X  Level   Price  Price
 Oats     1.24   0.99        V    1.65    -- 
 Barley   n.a.   1.56       IV    2.55   2.55
                             V    2.65    -- 
 Sorghum  2.34   3.25-Y     IV    5.36   5.36
                             V    5.54    -- 
    Reserves I, II and III have matured. Level IV reflects
grain entered after Oct 6, 1981 for feedgrain and after July
23, 1981 for wheat. Level V wheat/barley after 5/14/82,
corn/sorghum after 7/1/82. Level VI covers wheat entered after
January 19, 1984.  X-1986 rates. Y-dlrs per CWT (100 lbs).
n.a.-not available.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6>
Argentine grain board figures show
crop registrations of grains, oilseeds and their products to
February 11, in thousands of tonnes, showing those for futurE
shipments month, 1986/87 total and 1985/86 total to February
12, 1986, in brackets:
    Bread wheat prev 1,655.8, Feb 872.0, March 164.6, total
2,692.4 (4,161.0).
    Maize Mar 48.0, total 48.0 (nil).
    Sorghum nil (nil)
    Oilseed export registrations were:
    Sunflowerseed total 15.0 (7.9)
    Soybean May 20.0, total 20.0 (nil)
    The board also detailed export registrations for
subproducts, as follows,
    SUBPRODUCTS
    Wheat prev 39.9, Feb 48.7, March 13.2, Apr 10.0, total
111.8 (82.7) .
    Linseed prev 34.8, Feb 32.9, Mar 6.8, Apr 6.3, total 80.8
(87.4).
    Soybean prev 100.9, Feb 45.1, MAr nil, Apr nil, May 20.0,
total 166.1 (218.5).
    Sunflowerseed prev 48.6, Feb 61.5, Mar 25.1, Apr 14.5,
total 149.8 (145.3).
    Vegetable oil registrations were :         
    Sunoil prev 37.4, Feb 107.3, Mar 24.5, Apr 3.2, May nil,
Jun 10.0, total 182.4 (117.6).                  
    Linoil prev 15.9, Feb 23.6, Mar 20.4, Apr 2.0, total 61.8,
(76.1).                         
    Soybean oil prev 3.7, Feb 21.1, Mar nil, Apr 2.0, May 9.0,
Jun 13.0, Jul 7.0, total 55.8 (33.7).        REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=19>
The Commodity Credit Corporation, CCC,
has accepted an export bonus offer to cover the sale of 37,000
long tons of wheat flour to North Yemen, the U.S. Agriculture
Department said.
    The wheat four is for shipment March-May and the bonus
awarded was 119.05 dlrs per tonnes and will be paid in the form
of commodities from the CCC inventory.
    The bonus was awarded to the Pillsbury Company.
    The wheat flour purchases complete the Export Enhancement
Program initiative announced in April, 1986, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=97>
The Agricultural Stabilization and
Conservation Service (ASCS) has established these unit values
for commodities offered from government stocks through
redemption of Commodity Credit Corporation commodity
certificates, effective through the next business day.
    Price per bushel is in U.S. dollars. Sorghum is priced per
CWT, corn yellow grade only.
     WHEAT     HRW   HRS    SRW   SWW   DURUM
 Chicago       --    3.04   2.98  --    --
 Ill. Track    --    --     3.16  --    --
 Toledo        --    3.04   2.98  2.90  --
 Memphis       --    --     3.05  --    --
 Peoria        --    --     3.11  --    --
 Denver        2.62  2.63  --    --    --
 Evansville    --    --    2.99  --    --
 Cincinnati    --    --    2.96  --    --
 Minneapolis   2.65  2.71  --    --    3.70
 Baltimore/
 Norf./Phil.   --    --    3.06  2.98  --
 Kansas City   2.87  --    3.17  --    --
 St. Louis     3.03  --    3.03  --    --
 Amarillo/
 Lubbock       2.64  --    --    --    --
               HRW   HRS   SRW   SWW   DURUM
 Lou. Gulf     --    --    3.16  --    --
 Portland/
 Seattle       3.07  3.08  --    3.10  3.70
 Stockton      2.78  --    --    --    --
 L.A.          3.23  --    --    --    4.05
 Duluth        2.65  2.71  --    --    3.70
 Tex. Gulf     3.10  --    3.16  --    --

             CORN  BRLY  OATS  RYE   SOYB  SORG
 Chicago     1.47  --    --    --    4.81  2.49
 Ill. Track  1.49  2.04  --    --    4.85  2.52
 Toledo      1.41  2.04  1.50  --    4.78  2.39
 Memphis     1.59  1.95  1.71  --    4.90  2.86
 Peoria      1.51  ---   --    --    4.80  2.60
 Denver      1.56  1.56  --    --    --    2.54
 Evnsvlle    1.54  2.04  1.50  2.17  4.90  2.61
 Cinci       1.52  2.04  1.50  2.17  4.85  2.58
 Mpls        1.34  1.75  1.50  1.85  4.68  --
 Balt/Nor/
 Phil        1.70  1.80  --    --    4.98  3.12
 KC          1.49  1.56  1.64  --    4.76  2.58
 St Lo       1.54  --    1.66  --    4.90  2.91
 Amarlo/
 Lubbck      1.84  1.40  --    --    4.75  2.92
 Lou Gulf    1.73  --    --    --    5.05  3.12
 Port/
 Seattle     1.87  2.10  1.68  --    --    --
 Stockton    2.18  2.23  2.10  --    --    4.00
 LA          2.54  2.50  --    --    --    4.38
 Duluth      1.34  1.75  1.50  1.85  4.68  --
 Tex Gulf    1.73  1.48  1.73  --    5.05  3.12
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=180>
The U.S. Agriculture Department is not
actively considering offering subsidized wheat to the Soviet
Union under the export enhancement program (EEP), senior USDA
officials said.
    However, grain trade analysts said the proposal has not
been ruled out and that an offer might be made, though not in
the very near future.
    "The grain companies are trying to get this fired up again,"
an aide to Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng said. "But there
just isn't much talk about it, informally or formally."
    Most analysts interviewed by Reuters were more confident
than USDA officials that bonus wheat would be offered to the
Soviets, even though U.S. officials did not make such an offer
when they held grain talks with Soviet counterparts earlier
this week.
    But administration and private sources agreed that if the
Reagan administration did decide to offer subsidized wheat to
Moscow, it could take several months.
    "I just don't see any proposal like that sailing through any
interagency process," the aide to Lyng said.
    "An export enhancement offer is not consummated overnight,"
said one former USDA official, who noted that the
administration took three months to decide in favor of selling
China wheat under the subsidy program.
    An official representing a large grain trade company said
deliberations within USDA might be nudged along by members of
Congress, a number of whom urged USDA this week to make a wheat
subsidy offer to the Soviets.
    But Lyng's aide said that during a day-long visit to
Capitol Hill yesterday, House members did not press the
secretary on the subsidy question a single time.
    The administration's interagency trade policy review group,
comprised of subcabinet-level officials, has not been asked to
clear a request to offer Moscow wheat under the EEP, officials
at the U.S. Trade Representative's Office said.
    In their talks this week, the two sides discussed the
administration's previous EEP offer but did not talk about any
new initiative. One USDA official who took part in the
consultations this week described them as an exchange of "calm,
basic, factual economics."
    Another USDA official said there was "not even an informal
suggestion or hint" that the Soviets would live up to their
pledge to buy four mln tonnes of wheat this year if they were
granted more favorable terms.
    USDA and private sources agreed that consideration of an
EEP initiative by interagency review groups likely would be
delayed because of disarray within the White House stemming
from the Iran arms affair.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=235>
Indonesia"s agriculture sector will grow
by just 1.0 pct in calendar 1987, against an estimated 2.4 pct
in 1986 as the production of some commodities stagnates or
declines, the U.S. Embassy said in a report.
    Production of Indonesia"s staple food, rice, is forecast to
fall to around 26.3 mln tonnes from an embassy estimate of
26.58 mln tonnes in 1986, according to the annual report on
Indonesia"s agricultural performance.
    The government officially estimates 1986 rice production at
26.7 mln tonnes, with a forecast 27.3 mln tonnes output in
1987.
    The report says wheat imports are likely to fall to 1.5 mln
tonnes in calendar 1987 from 1.69 mln tonnes in 1986 because of
a drawdown on stocks.
    "Growth prospects for agriculture in 1987 do not look
promising as rice production is forecast to decline and the
production of sugarcane, rubber and copra show little or no
gain," the report says.
    "The modest overall increase which is expected will be due
to significant gains in production of corn soybeans, palm oil
and palm kernels."
    Constraints to significant overall increases in
agricultural output include a shortage of disease resistant
seeds, limited fertile land, insect pests and a reluctance by
farmers to shift from rice production to other crops, the
report underlines.
    The fall in rice production is caused by an outbreak of
pests known as "wereng" or brown plant hoppers in 1986 which
largely offset gains in yields.
    The outbreak has forced the government to ban the use of 57
insecticides on rice because it was believed the wereng are now
resistant to these varieties, and to use lower-yielding, more
resistant rice types.
    The government is depending on increased production of
export commodities such as coffee, tea, rubber, plywood and
palm oil to offset revenue losses brought on by falling crude
oil prices.
    Palm oil production is expected to increase by over 7.0 pct
in 1987 to 1.45 mln tonnes from 1.35 mln, with exports rising
to an estimated 720,000 tonnes from 695,000 tonnes in 1986, the
report says.
    But while production of soybeans in 1987/88 (Oct-Sept) will
rise to 1.075 mln tonnes from 980,000 in 1986/87, imports will
also rise to supply a new soybean crushing plant.
    The report says that imports of wheat, soybeans, soybean
meal and cotton are not likely to decline as a result of last
September"s 31 pct devaluation of the rupiah because of a rise
in domestic demand.
    The report said that Indonesia"s overall economic
performance in calendar 1986 was about zero or even a slight
negative growth rate, the lowest rate of growth since the
mid-1960s. It compares with 1.9 pct growth in 1985 and 6.7 pct
in 1984.
    The dramatic fall in oil prices last year was responsible
for the slump.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=241>
China's wheat crop this year is seriously
threatened by plant pests and diseases, the New China News
Agency said.
    More than 5 mln hectares of wheat-producing land in North
China could be affected because relatively warm and dry weather
had allowed bacteria and insect eggs to survive the winter, the
agency added.
    China"s Ministry of Agriculture, Animal Husbandry and
Fisheries has called for measures including the timely supply
of pesticides to farmers to combat the threat, it said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=253>
Canadian and Egyptian wheat negotiators
failed to conclude an agreement on Canadian wheat exports to
Egypt during talks last week, but the Canadian team will return
to Cairo for further negotiations, Canadian embassy officials
said.
    An embassy official declined to identify which issues
remained to be resolved and when the talks would resume.
    In a five-year protocol signed in 1985, Cairo agreed to
purchase 500,000 tonnes of Canadian wheat a year.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=254>
Indonesia's wheat imports are expected
to fall to 1.5 mln tonnes in calendar 1987 from 1.69 mln in
1986, the U.S. Embassy's annual agriculture report said.
    It said the drop was expected, because there will be a
drawdown on stocks built up near the end of 1986.
    It said wheat stocks at the end of 1986 were 390,000
tonnes, up from 223,000 at end-1985. It forecast end-1987
stocks at around 290,000 tonnes.
    The main suppliers in 1986 were Australia (44 pct), the
U.S. (29 pct), Canada (12 pct), Argentina (8 pct) and Saudi
Arabia (5 pct).
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=395>
The French Cereals Intervention Board,
ONIC, left its estimate of French 1986/87 (July/June) soft
wheat deliveries unchanged from its last forecast at 21.98 mln
tonnes.
    This compared with deliveries of 24.38 mln tonnes in
1985/86 (August/July).
    Estimated 1986/87 maize deliveries were also left unchanged
from ONIC's previous forecast at the beginning of February at
9.91 mln tonnes against 10.77 mln the previous season.
    Barley deliveries were also unchanged at 6.62 mln tonnes
against 7.7 mln in 1985/86.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=425>
The volume of contracts traded on the
New Zealand Futures Exchange (NZFE) reached a record 25,559
contracts in February, the International Commodities Clearing
House (ICCH) said.
    The previous high was 22,583 contracts in December 1986.
    The ICCH said the value of the contracts traded in February
was 2.90 billion N.Z. Dlrs.
    The seven contracts currently traded on the NZFE are:
five-year government bonds, the share price index, 90-day bank
bills, 90-day prime commercial paper, the U.S. Dollar,
crossbred wool, and wheat.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=501>
French operators last Friday requested
licences to export 10,500 tonnes of free market maize, 11,950
tonnes of free market barley and 13,000 of soft wheat flour to
non-EC countries, at prefixed daily (droit commun) rebates,
French trade sources said.
    The latest requests for the maize were for export to
Switzerland, Austria and Lichtenstein at a maximum daily rebate
prefixed last Friday at 141 Ecus a tonne against a previous 20
Ecu daily rebate.
    The special daily rebate for maize was set in the context
of a Commission commitment to grant this season rebates for the
export of 500,000 tonnes of French maize to non-EC countries,
in compensation for concessions to the U.S. in the recent
dispute over grain sales to Spain.
    If the latest French requests are accepted as expected,
this will bring the total of French maize exported in this
context to 25,500 tonnes.
    The Commission last Thursday granted weekly rebates for the
sale of 15,000 tonnes of free market maize to non-EC countries.
    Requests for barley were for export to Switzerland, Austria
and Lichtenstein, Ceuta and Melilla at an unchanged pre-fixed
restitution of 125 Ecus a tonne, while requests for soft wheat
flour were for export to various non-EC countries at an
unchanged 178 Ecus a tonne.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=742>
All major grain producing countries
must do their part to help reduce global surpluses and the
recent Australian farm policy proposals are flawed, two U.S.
wheat organizations said.
    The recent Australian proposals were a good starting point
for discussions, "but we do not want the Australians to feel
they are alone in developing an agenda for discussions" on world
grain trade, the president of the National Association of Wheat
Growers, NAWG, and the chairman of U.S. Wheat Associates said
in a letter to U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng and U.S.
Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter.
    Future discussions on international wheat trade should
include three topics -- a commitment to privatization of
government-run export trading entities, a commitment to public
disclosure of sales and other terms if government entities are
involved, and a recognition that supply reductions by the U.S.
have kept world prices higher than they otherwise would be, the
two organizations said 
    While the Australian proposals are welcome the two
organizations said they are not in total agreement with their
assessments.
    Australia's proposals, which aim to reduce U.S. target
prices and "quarantine" U.S. wheat stocks, would continue to
place the burden of supply adjustment and reform on U.S.
farmers, they said.
      Other countries, including Australia, have benefitted
from the higher world prices that have resulted from past U.S.
acreage and crop reduction programs, the organizations said.
    "We will not continue to hurt ourselves economically -- and
subsidize foreign wheat production -- by unilaterally stocking
grain and changing programs which protect our growers," Jim
Miller, president of NAWG said.
    "We sincerely hope for some type of agreement among the
world's major grain producing nations to reduce stocks and
restore profitability to agriculture," Miller said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=856>
Grain trade representatives continued
to speculate that the Reagan administration will offer
subsidized wheat to the Soviet Union, while U.S. Agriculture
Department officials said there was no substance to the
reports.
    "It's pure fiction," said one senior official at USDA's
Foreign Agricultural Service, referring to the rumor that the
administration would make an export enhancement offer to Moscow
in the next two to three weeks.
    An aide to Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng who asked not
to be identified said there was nothing to substantiate the
speculation, which he said was started by "somebody fanning the
(wheat) market." Wheat futures strengthened today, partly on the
basis of the speculation.
    One lobbyist with close connections to the Reagan
administration said a Soviet trade team told private grain
trade officials in New York last week that Moscow would buy as
much as four mln tonnes of U.S. wheat, much of it before
mid-year, if it was "competitively priced."
    Alexander Ivlev, an official with Amtorg, a Soviet trading
organization, told Reuters he had no information to
substantiate the rumors of an imminent wheat subsidy offer, but
said that Moscow "would consider" buying U.S. wheat if it was
competitively priced.
    "We don't care if it is EEP, what we (the Soviets) are
looking for is competitive prices," Ivlev said. "If they (the
administration) are interested in selling it (wheat), they
should find ways to do it."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=874>
The government's industry aid and
protection review body, the Industries Assistance Commission
(IAC), will hold a 12-month inquiry into the Australian wheat
industry, Primary Industry Minister John Kerin said.
    The IAC has been asked to report on the need for assistance
to the industry and the nature, duration and extent of any aid,
he said in a statement.
    He said the inquiry will be the first step in setting
marketing arrangements to apply after June 30, 1989, when the
underwriting and pricing provisions of the 1984 Wheat Marketing
Act expire.
    Kerin said the broad-ranging reference would allow a full
examination of all aspects of the wheat-marketing system.
    "The inquiry will be required to take into account changes
which have taken place in the industry as a result of the
agricultural policies of major wheat producing countries and
the industry's capacity to adjust to any recommended changes,"
he said.
    "The inquiry is at an important time for the wheat industry,
as the substantial fall in world prices is likely to trigger
underwriting support from the government for the first time," he
said.
    Kerin was referring to the government's underwriting of the
guaranteed minimum price paid to wheatgrowers by the Australian
Wheat Board near the start of the season.
    The IAC's report will be due at the same time as the
findings of the current Royal Commission into Grain Storage,
Handling and Transport, Kerin said.
    He said the timing of the IAC inquiry would allow its
findings and those of the Royal Commission to be considered in
later negotiations on wheat-marketing arrangements between the
federal and state governments and the industry.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1057>
A total of 2,435 tonnes of British
intervention feed wheat were sold at today's tender for the
home market out of requests for 3,435 tonnes, the Home Grown
Cereals Authority, HGCA, said.
    Price details were not reported.
    No bids were submitted for intervention barley.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1067>
The U.K. Exported 535,460 tonnes of wheat
and 336,750 tonnes of barley in January, the Home Grown Cereals
Authority (HGCA) said, quoting adjusted Customs and Excise
figures.
    Based on the previous January figures issued on February 9,
wheat exports increased by nearly 64,000 tonnes and barley by
about 7,000 tonnes.
    The new figures bring cumulative wheat exports for the
period July 1/February 13 to 2.99 mln tonnes, and barley to
2.96 mln compared with 1.25 and 1.89 mln tonnes respectively a
year ago.
    January wheat exports comprised 251,000 tonnes to European
Community destinations and 284,000 tonnes to third countries.
    The Soviet Union was prominent in third country
destinations, taking 167,700 tonnes while Poland was credited
with 54,500 and South Korea 50,000 tonnes. Italy was the
largest EC recipient with 75,000 tonnes followed by West
Germany with 55,200 and France 52,000 tonnes.
    Barley exports for January comprised 103,700 tonnes to the
EC and 233,000 to third countries. The Soviet Union was the
largest single importer with 133,265 tonnes followed by Saudi
Arabia with 53,800 tonnes.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1069>
Winter wheat crops in the
western Soviet Union, Poland and eastern Czechoslovakia through
northern Romania may suffer some winterkill over the next two
nights, private forecaster Accu-Weather Inc said.
    Western USSR winter wheat areas have had only light and
spotty snow and winterkill is possible tonight and tomorrow
night as temperatures drop to minus 10 to 0 degrees F.
    Snow cover is scant in Poland, with only about 50 pct of
the winter wheat areas reporting one to two inches of snow as
of this morning.
    The remaining 50 pct of winter wheat crops do not have snow
cover, making winterkill possible on each of the next two
nights. Lowest temperatures will be minus 10 to 0 degrees F.
    Winter wheat areas from eastern Czechoslovakia through
northern Romania had light snow flurries yesterday and last
night, but amounts were an inch or less. With temperatures
expected to fall to near 0 degrees F over the next two nights,
some light winterkill is possible, Accu-Weather added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1094>
There was no evidence of winterkill
in Yugoslavian winter wheat during field travel along a line
running northwest from Belgrade to near Maribor, the U.S.
Agriculture Department's counselor in Belgrade said in a field
report.
    The report, dated February 26, said there is evidence of
delayed germination in most areas due to late seeding last fall
because of dry conditions.
    However warm temperatures over the past three weeks have
promoted some early growth and will help the crop catch up on
last fall's late seeding, it said.
    Some Yugoslav agriculture officials are concerned about the
situation because warm temperatures have brought the grain out
of dormancy and taken away snow protection a little early, the
report said.
    Cold temperatures over the next month could cause damage
under these conditions, they said.
    The report said all wheat farmers contacted during the
field trip were optimistic about the crop and the way it
emerged from winter.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1185>
One offer but no bid was posted for SRW
wheat on the call session at the St Louis Merchants Exchange
today. There were no bids or offers for milo.
    June 15-July 15 bill of lading for wheat was offered at 17
over July, no comparison, no bid.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1257>
French exporters estimated that around
600,000 tonnes of French soft wheat has been sold to China for
delivery in the 1986/87 (July/June) year.
    Around 300,000 tonnes were exported to China between July
1986 and February this year.
    Another 100,000 to 150,000 tonnes will be shipped during
this month and around the same amount in April, they said.
    France sold around 250,000 tonnes of soft wheat to China in
1985/86, according to customs figures.
    However, certain exporters fear China may renounce part of
its contract with France after being offered one mln tonnes of
U.S. soft wheat under the Export Enhancement Program in January
and making some purchases under the initiative.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1295>
The Commodity Credit Corporation has
approved an additional 45.0 mln dlrs under its interemdiate
export credit guarantee program, GSM-103, for sales of U.S.
wheat to Morocco, the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    The action increases Morocco's cumulative fiscal year 1987
program for wheat under GSM-103 to 75.0 mln dlrs.
    The credit terms extended for exports under the program
must be in excess of three years but no more than seven years
to eligible for credit coverage. All sales under this line must
be registered and exported by September 30, 1987.
    The department also said the guarantee line for sales of
U.S. wheat under the Export Credit Guarantee Program, GSM-102,
has been decreased 45.0 mln dlrs to 60.0 mln.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1377>
The Australian Government will likely
reimburse the Australian Wheat Board, AWB, about 132 mln (U.S.)
dlrs to pay wheat farmers for their 1986/87 crop, the U.S.
Agriculture Department said.
    In its report on Export Markets for U.S. Grains, the
department said the sharp fall in world wheat prices has
reduced the export sales revenue of the AWB to levels
insufficient to cover its breakeven export price estimated at
around 98 dlrs per tonne.
     For example the recent large sales of wheat to China (1.5
mln tonnes) and Egypt (2.0 mln tonnes) were well below the
breakeven export price, it said.
    Australian wheat farmers normally receive an advance
payment known as the Guaranteed Minimum Price, GMP, calculated
at 90 pct of the average of estimated returns in the current
year and the two lowest of the previous three years, the
department said.
    In addition, deductions for taxes, freight, handling and
storage are deducted from the GMP the farmer receives.
    But the department said the Australian Bureau of
Agricultural Economics, BAE, predicts wheat production will
drop sharply from 17.8 mln tonnes in 1986/87 to 13.5 mln in
1989/90.
    The decline will result from low world grain prices leading
to shifts to livestock and other crops which could benefit U.S.
wheat exports, the department said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1385>
Japanese traders have apparently
sharply reduced commitments to buy Chinese corn over the next
six months due to high prices, the U.S. Agriculture Department
said.
    In its World Production and Trade Report, the department
said traders indicated China may lack supplies or be unwilling
to sell at current low world prices.
    If the reports are confirmed, China's major export
destinations such as USSR, Japan, and South Korea, could
increase purchases of U.S. corn, it said.
    China is currently forecast to export 5.5 mln tonnes of
corn during 1986/87 (Oct-Sept), it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1388>
The European Community, EC, sold
75,000 tonnes of soft wheat at a subsidized price of between 85
and 89 dlrs per tonne FOB for March delivery in a continuing
bid to establish itself in the Brazilian wheat market, the U.S.
Agriculture Department said.
    The sale sharply undercut the U.S. offer of 112 dlrs per
tonne FOB for 33,000 tonnes of wheat, it said in its latest
report on Export Markets for U.S grains.
    EC sales to Brazil total about 225,000 tonnes during
1986/87 (July-June) in stark contrast to only 50,000 tonnes in
the 1985/86 season, it said.
    The increasing presence of EC wheat in Brazil comes at a
time when the Brazilian Wheat Board, BWB, expects the wheat
import market will expand to 3.4 mln tonnes from the current
forecast of 3.0 mln in the 1986/87 year.
    The BWB cites record consumption and an eventual decline in
domestic production, and says government plans to lower the
guaranteed price of wheat from 242 dlrs per tonne to 180 dlrs
will contribute to greater import demand, the USDA said.
    It said the BWB expects the U.S. to be major supplier of
the additional 400,000 tonnes, but commitments for purchase of
U.S. wheat through two-thirds of 1986/87 year total only
600,000 tonnes versus 700,000 a year ago.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1396>
Bangladesh passed on its weekend tender
for 100,000 tonnes of optional origin soft wheat, private
export sources said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1405>
Chicago Board of trade grain traders and
analysts voiced a lot of interest in how farmers planned to
handle their upcoming spring plantings, prompting sales of new
crop months of corn and oats and purchases in new crop soybeans
in the futures markets.
    Professionals in the grains trade think that farmers will
be more willing to stick with corn acres than soybeans because
corn is protected by the acreage reduction program. That gives
deficiency payments to farmers if corn prices stay low.
    Farmers can place soybeans under the loan program if they
sign-up for reduced acreage, but they have no price guarantees.
    With the price outlook for both commodities so dismal,
traders believe farmers will want to stick with a sure thing
rather than gamble on soybeans, even though the new crop
soybean/corn ratio of 2.9/1 would make planting soybeans more
attractive under normal circumstances.
    An announcement late Friday that the USDA will lift the
limited cross-compliance requirement for the 1987 oats crop,
means farmers will be able plant an estimated two to three mln
more oat acres this year than last without being penalized,
traders said.
    Here too, acres some farmers may have been thinking of
shifting to soybeans will now be planted with oats, due to the
more attractive deal from the government, they added.
    Cotton prices are almost twice what they were just six
months ago, which should prompt many farmers in the South to
put soybean land back into cotton.
    One of the reasons for the steady increase in soybean
production in recent years has been a general shift of acres in
traditional cotton producing regions of the South to soybeans,
which are easier to grow, one commercial trader said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1570>
Poland's winter wheat is likely to
survive recent frosts but the impact of the cold will not be
known until late April, the Polish meteorology institute said.
    Some varieties of winter wheat sown in Poland can survive
ground temperatures as low as minus 20 degrees C, Spokesman
Teresa Tomaszewska told Reuters.
    Even though an earlier thin protective layer of snow mainly
melted in February, air temperatures down to minus 30 C should
not be harmful, she said, but added that wheat can still be
damaged by cold spells in March and April, when young shoots
may be exposed to night frosts.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1590>
Sen. Rudy Boschwitz, R-Minn., said he
intended to offer legislation that would allow 1987 producers
of wheat, feedgrains, cotton and rice to receive at least 92
pct of their deficiency payments, regardless of how much they
planted.
    Boschwitz told the Senate Agriculture Committee that
applying the so-called 0/92 provision to 1987 crops was
supported by the Reagan administration and would save
approximately 500 mln dlrs, including 266 mln dlrs in corn
payments, 90 mln dlrs in wheat and 30 mln dlrs in cotton.
    The Minnesota senator said he might offer the bill on the
Senate floor or in a conference committee with the House of
Representatives in the event a similar bill before the House
Agriculture Committee is approved by that body.
    Boschwitz told Reuters that neither he nor the U.S.
Agriculture Department had decided whether or how deficiency
payments should be guaranteed to farmers who might choose not
to plant under the decoupling scheme.
    If payments are not set in advance under decoupling, market
prices conceivably could rise, thereby leading to diminished
deficiency payments.
    Senate Agriculture Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy, D-Vt.,
said he wanted to go to conference with the House as soon as
possible on the issue, but would have to study the matter
further before deciding how he would vote on it.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1640>
French soft wheat exports to other
European Community countries fell 18 pct to 4.13 mln tonnes in
the first seven months of the 1986/87 season to January
compared with 5.04 mln in the same 1985/86 period, the French
Cereals Intervention Office (ONIC) said.
    According to latest ONIC statistics, the main buyers were
Italy with 1.89 mln against 1.63 mln in the same 1985/86
period, West Germany 480,450 tonnes against 717,689, the
Netherlands 462,048 (532,299) and Belgium 417,887 tonnes
(919,337).
    British and Greek imports of French soft wheat during this
period were below year-ago levels. Between July 1 last year and
January 31, Britain bought 274,665 tonnes against 642,800
tonnes, ONIC figures showed.
    But Spanish purchases were up sharply at 258,507 tonnes
against 2,751 tonnes in the same 1985/86 period and Portugal
bought 37,599 tonnes compared with zero.
    ONIC said the drop in French exports to other Community
countries was due to British competition.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1674>
The Canadian Wheat Board has advised
the federal government to sharply cut initial prices paid to
farmers for their wheat, oats, and barley in the crop year
beginning August 1, a board spokesman said.
    The spokesman declined to give the size of the recommended
price drops but said it would not be good news for western
Canadian grain growers.
    "They're all lower," he said. "This is really getting
pretty serious. We're talking nuts and bolts economic survival
and whether it's worthwhile for farmers to put in a crop."
    Farm leaders and economists have estimated the board will
recommend cuts of around 20 pct in the initial prices.
    Farmers receive the initial payment when the grain is
delivered to the elevators used by the wheat board.
    If the wheat board, which markets most of Canada's grain,
obtains higher than expected prices on world markets, the
farmers receive a final payment at the end of the crop year. If
prices are lower, the federal treasury makes up the difference.
    The final decision on the initial prices, usually made in
April, rests with Wheat Board Minister Charles Mayer and the
federal cabinet.
    Last year Mayer cut the initial prices between 19 and 27
pct but last fall the government announced a one billion
Canadian dlr aid program to compensate for the price cuts.
    But federal agricultural officials have already warned
farmers not to depend on additional government aid this year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1777>
Whether the Soviet Union will fulfill
its buying obligations under the U.S./USSR grains agreement
depends entirely on the United States, a Soviet trade official
told Reuters.
    "How can I tell that we are ready to fulfill the agreement
if the United States does not want to offer us grain at
competitive prices?" said Albert Melnikov, deputy trade
representative of the Soviet Union to the United States.
    "We are in the market for grains, but it is up to the
United States to be the seller ... to offer Soviets competitive
prices," he said in an interview.
    Melnikov said that the United States has not lived up the
agreement by failing to make available to Moscow U.S. grain at
prevailing market prices.
    "We are being accused of not implementing this agreement.
We do not consider we are at fault," Melnikov said.
    Article I in the agreement states that "purchases/sales of
commodities under this Agreement will be made at the market
price prevailing for these products at the time of
purchase/sale and in accordance with normal commercial terms."
    "The United States should supply to the Soviet Union
definite quantities of grain at competitive prices ... Is the
United States ready to supply this?" he said.
    The Soviet official said that near-term corn demand has
been met by the recent Soviet purchases of U.S. corn, which he
confirmed at 1.5 mln tonnes, but said that if U.S. corn prices
remain competitive, the Soviets will buy more if they need it.
    Wheat buying, however, is a different story, Melnikov said.
    "If the United States is interested in selling its wheat,
then they must offer competitive prices, and it's up to the
United States to decide how these competitive prices will be
offered," he said.
    Last year's U.S. offer of subsidized wheat to the Soviets
was rejected because of an insufficient subsidy, Melnikov said.
He said that at the time of the 13 dlr per tonne subsidy offer,
U.S. wheat prices were 26 dlrs over world levels.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1792>
The directors of the American Farm
Bureau, the nation's largest farm organization, voted Tuesday
to urge Congress to leave the 1985 farm bill in place without
alterations.
    "We are solidly opposed to opening up the 1985 farm bill,"
said Dean Kleckner, president. "The current farm bill has been
in place for just a little over a year and in our judgment
there is more to be gained at the present time from maintaining
the legislation.
    "Several independent studies ... indicate the 1985 farm
bill is better on balance than any of the alternatives being
advanced," Kleckner said.
    The Farm Bureau also urged Agriculture Secretary Richard
Lyng to adjust the loan rate for 1987 crop soybeans as much as
he deems possible under the farm bill to keep soybeans
competitive in the world market.
    A Farm Bureau proposal suggests that producers should be
eligible for supplemental payments in the form of PIK
certificates for the difference between 5.02 dlrs a bushel and
the new loan rate.
    The organization also urged Lyng to authorize deficiency
payments to farmers who were unable to plant 1987 winter wheat
because of adverse weather.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1901>
Abnormally warm and dry weather over most
parts of China is seriously affecting crops, the New China News
Agency said.
    It said the drought has made rice planting difficult in
eight provinces, including Guangxi, Sichuan and Hunan. Plant
diseases and insect pests have increased in wheat-producing
areas, it said.
    The agency said some areas of Guangxi, Hubei, Shanxi and
other provinces have been suffering a drought for more than
seven months.
    The agency said the dry weather had reduced the amount of
water stored by more than 20 pct compared with last March,
lowered the water level of many rivers, reduced hydroelectric
power supplies and caused water shortages for industry and
consumers.
    The upper reaches of the Yangtze are at their lowest levels
in a century, causing many ships to run aground and making
harbour manoeuvres difficult, it said.
    The drought has also increased the number of forest fires.
More than 1,000 fires in southern China had destroyed 13,340
hectares of forest by mid-February, it said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1907>
Australian wheat shipments rose to
1.33 mln tonnes in February from 1.01 mln in January, an
Australian Wheat Board official said.
    February's shipments were down on the 1.54 mln tonnes
shipped in February 1986.
    Cumulative shipments for the first five months of the
October/September wheat year were 6.12 mln tonnes, as against
6.54 mln a year earlier, the official said.
    The major destinations in February were: China (419,196
tonnes), Egypt (301,909), Iraq (142,055), Japan (110,261),
South Korea (100,847) and the Soviet Union (100,056 tonnes).
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1970>
Traded volumes for U.K. Grain and potato
futures in February were down on the previous month while
pigmeat and pig cash settlement futures were higher, official
figures show.
    Combined wheat and barley futures trade declined to 892,700
tonnes from 1.19 mln in January, and the value fell to 97 mln
stg from 129 mln, Grain and Feed Trade Association (GAFTA)
figures show.
    A total of 984,960 tonnes were registered for main crop
potato futures in February valued at 157 mln stg, versus
992,760 and 164 mln stg in January.
    Soymeal futures trade totalled 76,340 tonnes against 90,680
in January, and value declined to nine mln stg from 10 mln.
    Nine pigmeat contracts were traded in February, six more
than in the previous month, representing 450 carcases against
150, valued at 29,347 stg against 9,847 stg.
    Pig cash settlement futures saw 201 contracts traded,
against 19 in January, and the value rose to 659,864 stg from
119,610 stg.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10120>
China has switched purchases of U.S.
wheat totaling 60,000 tonnes from the 1986/87 season, which
began June 1, to 1987/88 season delivery, the U.S. Agriculture
Department said.
    The department said outstanding wheat sales to China for
the current season amount to 90,000 tonnes and sales for
delivery in the 1987/88 season amount to 910,000 tonnes.
    Total corn commitments for the 1986/87 season total
1,015,800 tonnes, the department said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10172>
There were no shipments of U.S.
grain or soybeans to the Soviet Union in the week ended March
19, according to the U.S. Agriculture Department's latest
Export Sales report.
     The USSR has purchased 2.40 mln tonnes of U.S. corn for
delivery in the fourth year of the U.S.-USSR grain agreement.
     Total shipments in the third year of the U.S.-USSR grains
agreement, which ended September 30, amounted to 152,600 tonnes
of wheat, 6,808,100 tonnes of corn and 1,518,700 tonnes of
soybeans.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10175>
Corn sales of 2,806,300 tonnes in
the week ended March 19 were the highest level since
mid-November, 1979, the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    The department said the USSR dominated the week's activity
with purchases of 1.4 mln tonnes (which were earlier reported
under the daily reporting system). Other large increaes were
posted for Japan and unknown destinations, it said.
    Taiwan purchased 296,300 tonnes for the 1986/87 season and
170,000 tonnes for the 1987/88 season, it said.
    Wheat sales of 317,200 tonnes for the current season and
125,000 tonnes for the 1987/88 season were down about one-third
from the preceding week and the four-week average.
    Wheat sales to China of 60,000 tonnes were switched from
1986/87 to the 1987/88 season, it noted.
    Soybean sales of 483,100 tonnes were 11 pct above the prior
week and two-thirds above the four-week average.
    Japan, the Netherlands, Mexico and Portugal were the main
buyers, the department said.
    Soybean cake and meal sales of 289,400 tonnes were
two-thirds above the previous week and the largest of the
marketing year, with Venezuela the dominant purchaser.
    Sales activity in soybean oil resulted in decreases of
4,400 tonnes, as reductions for unknown destinations more than
offset increases for Canada, the Dominican Republic and Panama,
the department said.
    Cotton sales of 57,900 running bales -- 43,800 bales for
the current year and 14,200 bales for the 1987/88 season --
were off 25 pct from the previous week and 50 pct from the
four-week average.
    Turkey, Thailand, South Korea and Canada were the major
buyers for the current season, while Thailand, Britain and
Japan were the major purchasers from the upcoming season, the
department said.
     Sorghum sales of 178,800 tonnes were two-thirds above the
prior week and 75 pct over the four-week average.
    Venezuela was the leading buyer it said.
    Sales of 41,800 tonnes of barley were 10 times the previous
week and 10 pct greater than  the four-week average. Israel,
Cyprus and Saudi Arabia were the main buyers, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10268>
India is searching for non-communist
countertrade partners to help it cut its trade deficit and
conserve foreign exchange.
    Wheat, tobacco, tea, coffee, jute, engineering and
electronic goods, as well as minerals including iron ore, are
all on offer in return for crude oil, petroleum products,
chemicals, steel and machinery, trade sources told Reuters.
    Most of the impetus behind countertrade, which began in
1984, comes from two state trading firms -- the State Trading
Corp (STC) and the Minerals and Metals Trading Corp (MMTC).
    "The two state trading corporations are free to use their
buying power in respect to bulk commodities to promote Indian
exports," a commerce ministry spokeswoman said, adding that
private firms are excluded from countertrading.
    One trade source said India has targetted countries that
depend on an Indian domestic market recently opened to foreign
imports.
    However, countertrade deals still make up only a small part
of India's total trading and are likely to account for less
than eight pct of the estimated 18.53 billion dlrs in trade
during the nine months ended December, the sources said.
    Countertrade accounted for just five pct of India's 25.65
billion dlrs in trade during fiscal 1985/86 ended March,
against almost nothing in 1984/85, official figures show.
    However, the figures exclude exchanges with the Eastern
Bloc paid in non-convertible Indian rupees, the sources said.
    Total trade with the Soviet Union, involving swaps of
agricultural produce and textiles for Soviet arms and crude
oil, is estimated at 3.04 billion dlrs in fiscal 1986/87,
against three billion in 1985/86.
    Indian countertrade, which is being promoted mainly to help
narrow the country's large trade deficit, is still
insignificant compared with agreements reached by Indonesia,
Venezuela and Brazil, the trade sources said.
    The trade deficit, which hit an estimated record 6.96
billion dlrs in 1985/86, is expected to decline to 5.6 billion
in the current fiscal year.
    But the push to include non-communist countries in
countertrade is also due to other factors, including the slow
growth of foreign reserves, a tight debt repayment schedule,
shrinking aid and trade protectionism, businessmen said.
    One source said India is showing more dynamism in promoting
countertrade deals than in the past, when the deals were made
discreetly because they break GATT rules. As a member of the
General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT), India cannot
officially support bartering.
    The MMTC's recent countertrade deals include iron ore
exports to Yugoslavia for steel structures and rails.
    "MMTC's recent global tenders now include a clause that
preference will be given to parties who accept payment in kind
for goods and services sold to India," a trade official said,
adding that the policy remains flexible.
    "We also take into account other factors such as prices at
which the goods and services are offered to India," the trade
official said.
    Early this year the commerce ministry quietly told foreign
companies interested in selling aircraft, ships, drilling rigs
and railway equipment to India that they stood a better chance
if they bought Indian goods or services in return, the trade
sources said.
    Illustrating the point, the official said a South Korean
firm recently agreed to sell a drilling platform worth 40 mln
dlrs to the state-run Oil and Natural Gas Commission.
    In return, the South Koreans gave a verbal assurance to buy
Indian goods worth 10 pct of the contract, against the 25 pct
sought by New Delhi, the trade official said.
    "We selected the Korean firm because its bid was the lowest,"
he added.
    Countertrade is helping African countries short of foreign
currency to import goods. India has signed a trade protocol to
buy up to 15,000 tonnes of asbestos fibre from Zimbabwe in
exchange for Indian goods, including jute bags and cars.
    But despite India's new drive, countertrade has some
inherent problems, they added.
    "It is not always easy to meet the basic requirement that
the trade should always be balanced," one trade source said. "The
other problem is it is often difficult to supply or buy
commodities which the other party wants."
    Another added, "Barter is also restrictive. We look upon it
as a temporary measure to get over the current balance of
payments difficulty.
    "This is why countertrade has not been made a law in India.
It does not even figure in the country's foreign trade policy."
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10305>
Sri Lankan Food Department officials
said the U.S. Department of Agriculture rejected a U.S. Firm's
offer of 80 U.S. Dlrs per tonne CAF to supply 52,500 tonnes of
soft wheat to Colombo from the Pacific Northwest.
    They said Sri Lanka's Food Department subsequently made a
counter-offer to five U.S. Firms to buy wheat at 85 U.S. Dlrs
CAF for April 8-16 delivery.
    The company which obtains USDA approval for the proposed
price must inform the Department before 1330 gmt, they said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10406>
India is searching for non-communist
countertrade partners to help it cut its trade deficit and
conserve foreign exchange.
    Wheat, tobacco, tea, coffee, jute, engineering and
electronic goods, as well as minerals including iron ore, are
all on offer in return for crude oil, petroleum products,
chemicals, steel and machinery, trade sources told Reuters.
    Most of the impetus behind countertrade, which began in
1984, comes from two state trading firms -- the State Trading
Corp (STC) and the Minerals and Metals Trading Corp (MMTC).
    "The two state trading corporations are free to use their
buying power in respect to bulk commodities to promote Indian
exports," a commerce ministry spokeswoman said, adding that
private firms are excluded from countertrading.
    One trade source said India has targetted countries that
depend on an Indian domestic market recently opened to foreign
imports. But countertrade deals still make up only a small part
of India's total trading and are likely to account for less
than eight pct of the estimated 18.53 billion dlrs in trade
during the nine months ended December, the sources said.
    Countertrade accounted for just five pct of India's 25.65
billion dlrs in trade during fiscal 1985/86 ended March,
against almost nothing in 1984/85, official figures show.
    However, the figures exclude exchanges with the Eastern
Bloc paid in non-convertible Indian rupees, the sources said.
    Total trade with the Soviet Union, involving swaps of
agricultural produce and textiles for Soviet arms and crude
oil, is estimated at 3.04 billion dlrs in fiscal 1986/87.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10444>
The Commodity Credit Corporation,
CCC, has accepted bids for export bonuses on 36,000 tonnes of
durum wheat to Algeria, the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    The department said the bonuses awarded averaged 40.42 dlrs
per tonne and will be paid to exporters in the form of
commodities from CCC inventories.
    The bonuses were made to Cam USA, Inc, the department said.
    The wheat is for shipment May 1-10, 1987.
    An additional 264,000 tonnes of durum wheat are still
avaiable to Algeria under the Export Enhancement program
initiative announced on March 16.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10494>
Drought has resulted in a reduction
in China's estimated wheat crop this year to 87.0 mln tonnes,
2.0 mln below last year's harvest, the U.S. Agriculture
Department's officer in Peking said in a field report.
    The report, dated March 25, said imports in the 1987/88
season are projected at 8.0 mln tonnes, 1.0 mln tonnes above
the the current season's estimate.
    Imports from the United States are estimated at 1.5 mln
tonnes compared to only 150,000 tonnes estimated for the
1986/87 year, it said.
    After travelling to major wheat producing areas and
obtaining more information on the planted area, the total
planted area was estimated down 290,000 hectares due to the dry
fall, it said.
    The report said to compensate for the below normal
precipitation irrigation has increased as has the use of
fertilizer.
    While there are pockets where irrigation is not possible,
most of the wheat crop has access to some water and therefore
has emerged from dormancy and is doing well, the report said.
    It said scattered rain in many parts of China in the past
10 days has improved the situation but information on hail
damage in Anhui is incomplete.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10519>
Jamaica bought U.S. corn, wheat and
rice at its tender earlier this week using PL-480 funds, a U.S.
Department of Agriculture official said.
    The purchase consisted of the following cargoes -
 - Cargill sold 1,503.5 tonnes of number two soft red winter
(SRW) wheat for May 5/30 shipment at 117.44 dlrs per tonne FOB
Gulf ports.
 - Continental Grain 8,250 tonnes of number two northern
spring/dark northern spring (NS/DNS) wheat (14.5 pct protein)
for April 15/May 10 at 123.97 dlrs FOB Gulf, excluding
Brownsville.
 - Nichemen 10,000 tonnes number two SRW wheat for June 12/July
7 at 103.43 dlrs FOB Gulf.
 - Nichemen 10,000 tonnes number two NS/DNS wheat (14.0 pct
protein) for May 25/June 20 at 121.89 dlrs FOB Gulf.
 - Cargill 10,000 tonnes number two SRW wheat for April 10/May
5 at 120.88 dlrs FOB Gulf.
 - Cargill 8,469.5 tonnes number two SRW wheat for May 5/30 at
117.44 dlrs FOB Gulf.
 - Louis Dreyfus 4,500 tonnes number three yellow corn (15.0
pct maximum moisture) for April 10/May 5 at 76.09 dlrs FOB
Gulf.
 - Louis Dreyfus 5,300 tonnes same corn April 20/May 15 at
75.89 dlrs FOB Gulf.
 - Louis Dreyfus 5,300 tonnes same corn May 10/June 5 at 75.49
dlrs FOB Gulf.
 - Louis Dreyfus 5,300 tonnes same corn June 1/25 at 75.49 dlrs
FOB Gulf.
 - Loius Dreyfus 3,700 tonnes number two yellow corn (14.5 pct
maximum moisture) for Apirl 10/May 5 at 76.29 dlrs FOB Gulf.
 - Louis Dreyfus 3,700 tonnes same corn for May 10/June 5 at
75.68 dlrs FOB Gulf.
    Exporters have not received final PL-480 approval on their
sale of a total of 9,500 tonnes of U.S. number five or better
long grain brown rice (10 pct maximum broken) for April 10/May
25 shipments.
    But the USDA official said he saw no hold-up in obtaining
that approval.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10569>
A cold air mass working its way
south from Canada may pose a threat to developing hard red
winter wheat in Oklahoma, according to Eugene Krenzler, wheat
specialist for the Oklahoma Cooperative Extension.
    "There is some threat. Some of the crop is far enough along
so that it's probably vulnerable," Krenzler said.
    Accu Weather meteorologist Dale Mohler said cold air moving
from the north could put temperatures in the middle 20's
fahrenheit as early as tonight, depending on development of a
low pressure area over southeast Colorado which could stall the
system.
    If impeded by the low-pressure area, the cold air could hit
Oklahoma and Texas as late as Monday morning. Temperatures
could stay in the mid-20's for up to eight hours, Mohler said.
    Krenzler said less than 10 pct of the Oklahoma wheat crop
has advanced to boot stage. The closer to that stage the more
vulnerable the head of the wheat is to cold weather, he said.
    "We can handle probably an hour or so down to 25 or 26
degrees (fahrenheit)," Krenzler said, "as long as we don't have
a lot of wind."
    "If we do get six hours down below 25 degrees I'd say we
have a good chance of significant damage to the heads," he
said.
    Krenzler said early planted stands in the north-central and
southwestern parts of the state are probably most vulnerable.
Crops in the panhandle of Oklahoma and Texas are less developed
and have some snow cover protection from the cold, he noted.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10830>
Sri Lanka has appealed to 24 countries
for emergency aid to help 2.4 mln villagers affected by the
country's worst drought in 36 years, government officials said.
    Embassies received letters over the weekend outlining aid
needed for a sixth of Sri Lanka's population in 13 districts.
    The letter said the government had to step in "to avert
serious economic hardship" and because the Social Services
Ministry had already used up its entire 1987 budget provision
of 23 mln rupees by distributing help to the worst hit areas.
    The letter said 548.76 mln rupees were needed for a six
month period, at least until the May-September (Yala) rice crop
was harvested. Over 25,000 tonnes of wheat, rice, flour and
other cereals were required, it said, along with supplies of
sugar, lentils, dried or canned fish and milk.
    In some of the most seriously affected districts, the Maha
(October 1986-April 1987) crop had been "almost completely
devastated," the letter said. Maha paddy output was now
estimated at 70 mln bushels, 20 mln less than originally
expected.
    There were two scenarios for the Yala crop, with a high
forecast of around 40 mln bushels conditional on adequate
rainfall within the next three to four weeks.
    "Should the present drought continue, however, production is
estimated at around 20 mln bushels," the letter added.
    Total estimated paddy output for 1987 would be between 90
and 110 mln bushels, or 1.35 to 1.65 mln tonnes of rice. Last
year's output was 124 mln bushels, down from 127 mln in 1985.
    The letter said villagers in most seriously affected
districts had been deprived of any means of subsistence because
subsidiary crops had also failed.
    It said the government's current budget did not permit it
to provide sustained and adequate relief to those affected.
"Revenue has been adversely affected by depressed commodity
prices and slowing of the economy. Defence commitments continue
to exert pressure on the expenditure side."
    The 548.76 mln cash would cover payments of 150 rupees per
month for each family, as well as handling, transport and
distribution of emergency food. But such an outlay of funds by
the government would not be possible without seriously
impairing development projects, or "greatly fuelling inflation"
in the economy, the letter said.
    The letter said the Food Department would be able to
release wheat and rice from the buffer stock to meet the
immediate cereal requirements "provided such stocks are replaced
subsequently."
    The Meteorological Department said the country was
experiencing its worst drought since 1951 and the four-month
dry spell prevailing in most of the areas would only break when
the monsoon rains fell in late May.
    The letter said some areas had been experiencing the
drought since August, and in the rice growing district of
Kurunegala there had been no effective rainfall since June
1986.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10882>
Grain traders and analysts expect lower
wheat and soybean exports and higher corn exports than a year
ago in the USDA's export inspection report today.
    Corn export guesses ranged from 27.0 mln to 32.0 mln
bushels, compared with the 27.6 mln inspected last week and
20.5 mln a year ago.
    Soybean export guesses ranged from 14.0 mln to 16.0 mln, up
from the 13.4 mln inspected last week but below the 25.5 mln
reported a year ago.
    Wheat estimates ranged from 11.0 mln to 14.0 mln bushels,
compared with 12.0 mln reported last week and 18.3 mln a year
ago.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10956>
Exports of French soft wheat for the
period July 1, 1986, to March 1, 1987, fell 27.6 pct to 8.21
mln tonnes from 11.34 mln tonnes in the same 1985/86 period,
the national cereals office ONIC said quoting customs figures.
    Of this total, exports to non-EC countries totalled 3.76
mln tonnes, 34 pct down on 5.70 mln, and exports to EC nations
4.45 mln tonnes, 21.1 pct down on a previous 5.64 mln.
    Main EC destinations were Italy with two mln tonnes versus
1.9 mln, Belgium 500,000 tonnes (one mln), Netherlands 500,000
(600,000), West Germany 500,000 (800,000), Spain 300,000
(zero), Britain 300,000 (700,000), Greece 200,000 (300,000),
and Ireland 100,000 (200,000).
    In flour, exports totalled 980,000 tonnes, up 6.5 pct on a
previous 920,000 tonnes.
    Exports of maize totalled 4.11 mln tonnes, 37.4 pct up on a
previous 2.99 mln. Exports to non-EC countries were 190,000
tonnes against 140,000 and to EC countries 3.92 mln tonnes
against 2.84 mln.
    Main EC desinations were Netherlands 900,000 (600,000),
Belgium 800,000 (one mln), Britain 700,000 (500,000), West
Germany 400,000 (same), Italy 300,000 (200,000) and Greece
300,000 (zero).
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11040>
The U.S. Agriculture Department said
it will update its estimate of winter wheat seeded acreage in
the prospective planting report, scheduled for release at 1500
est (2100 gmt) tomorrow, March 31.
    The original estimate of seedings of winter wheat was
published in January.
    It said the new survey is possible because of the new
integrated nationwide survey program that uses probability
sampling procedures that combine information from farmers
operating in selected areas and farmers identified on special
lists.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11085>
The Louisiana weekly USDA state crop
report said there were 2.4 days suitable for fieldwork.
    Soil moisture supplies rated 41 pct adequate and 59 pct
surplus.
    Winter Wheat - fair to good condition. eight pct headed vs
27 pct a year ago and 17 pct average.
    Corn - eight pct planted vs 64 pct a year ago and 51 pct
average. two pct emerged vs 45 y/a and 23 avg.
    Spring Plowing - seventeen pct completed vs 66 pct a year
ago and 48 pct avg.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11091>
The Texas weekly USDA state crop report
said stormy winter weather limited fieldwork before conditions
improved later in the week.
    A snowstorm caused some cattle deaths in the Panhandle, and
cold, wet weather covered many areas. Windy weather followed to
dry fields and limit planting delays.
    Small grains made good progress despite cool temperatures
which slowed growth. Additional moisture was needed in some
areas. Many fields were booting and some were beginning to
head. Wheat was rated 16 pct fair, 56 pct good and 28 pct
excellent.
    Corn and sorghum planting progressed, and land preparation
was ahead of schedule in the Plains despite snowy weather.
Cotton planting progressed in the Lower Valley.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11119>
The Oklahoma weekly USDA crop
report said cold weather slowed crop development and caused
some cattle deaths.
    Wheat growth was halted by cold weather, and rain early in
the week prevented fertilizer application and weed spraying.
Fields in the west were short of nitrogen, and moderate insect
activity was noted in the southwest region.
    Wheat condition was rated 15 pct fair, 84 pct good and one
pct excellent.
    Row crop activity was very slow amid wet conditions.
Topsoil moisture was rated 30 pct adequate and 70 pct surplus,
and subsoil moisture was rated 100 pct adequate. Only two days
were suitable for fieldwork.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11208>
The U.K. Exported 612,000 tonnes of
wheat and 498,800 tonnes of barley in February, the Home Grown
Cereals Authority (HGCA) said.
    Based on the previous provisional figures issued for
February, wheat exports were increased by 480,200 tonnes and
barley by 283,800 tonnes.
    The new figures bring cumulative wheat exports for the
period July 1-March 13 to 3.66 mln tonnes and barley to 3.50
mln, compared with 1.47 and 2.09 mln tonnes respectively last
season.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11224>
Consuming countries, chastened by the
collapse of International Tin Council (ITC) price support
operations in 1985, are insisting more than ever before that
commodity pacts reflect the reality of the markets they are
serving, a Reuter survey showed.
    They want price ranges to be more responsive to market
trends - to avoid overstimulating output and straining the
accords' support operations - and intervention rules that avoid
the risk of exports by non-members undermining the pacts.
Consumers and producers, mindful of ITC buffer stock losses,
have also sought strict conditions for buffer operations.
    Importers and some key exporting countries have shunned a
generalised approach to commodity price stabilisation and
prefer to assess each commodity case by case, the survey
showed.
    The International Cocoa Organization (ICCO) last week set
precise limits on what the Buffer Stock Manager (BSM) could do
under the new agreement. It imposed daily and weekly purchase
limits, prohibited the BSM from operating on futures markets
and stipulated, after consumer insistence, that up to 15 pct of
total buffer stock purchases could be of non-member cocoa. This
will help prevent lower quality cocoa from Malaysia, the
world's fourth largest producer, undermining the market.
    The cocoa pact establishes precise differentials the Buffer
Stock Manager must use when purchasing varying grades.
    A new International Natural Rubber Agreement (INRA) was
adopted earlier this month in Geneva. Importing and exporting
countries agreed several changes to make the reference price
more responsive to market trends and they eliminated provisions
under which the buffer stock could borrow from banks to finance
operations. Direct cash contributions from members will fund
buffer stock purchases. Bank financing was a particular feature
of the failed ITC buffer stock which suffered losses running
into hundreds of millions of sterling. Legal wrangles continue.
    Recent International Coffee Organization (ICO) negotiations
in London exemplified the degree to which consumers insist that
agreements reflect market reality, commodity analysts said.
    Consumers and a small group of producers argued that
"objective criteria" should be used to define export quota
shares, which would have meant a reduction in the share of
Brazil, the world's leading producer. Brazil wanted to maintain
its previous quota share of 30 pct. The talks broke down and,
although an ICO executive board meeting starts in London today,
delegates and trade sources see chances of any near term
negotiations on export quota distribution as remote.
    International agreements exist for sugar and wheat. These
do not have any economic clauses but provide a forum for
discussions on possible future economic agreements, collect
statistics and draw up market analyses. Analysts said
differences between sugar exporting countries have held up any
progress towards an accord with economic teeth, while sheer
competition between major exporters amid a world grain glut
militate against any pact with economic provisions for wheat.
    An alternative focus for commodity discussions are
international study groups, made up of governments with advice
from industry, such as those for lead and zinc and rubber.
    The U.N. Common fund for commodities, with a planned
directly contributed capital of 470 mln dlrs, has failed to
become operational because neither the U.S. Nor the Soviet
Union has ratified it. U.S. Officials in Washington said the
U.S. Doubts the fund would be able to fulfil its objectives,
citing the lack of widespread support.
    U.S. Officials in Washington and Malaysian officials in
Kuala Lumpur expressed a policy of looking at each commodity
pact case by case. U.S. Officials said it has been willing to
study individual cases for economically sound, market-oriented
commodity accords balancing producer and consumer interests.
    "We see little to be gained by attempting to increase the
price of a commodity whose long-term trend is downward,"
official Administration policy states. The U.S. Currently
belongs to only two international commodity agreements that
have economic clauses - the International Coffee Agreement
(ICA) and INRA - but it is also a member of the sugar and wheat
pacts.
    The U.S. Did not join the International Cocoa Agreement
because it considered its proposed price ranges unrealistic and
not designed to protect the interests of consuming countries,
the State Department said. U.S. Officials singled out the INRA
as the one commodity agreement that seems to be working.
    U.S. Negotiators were successful in getting other members
of the pact to agree that the price review and adjustment
mechanism of the rubber agreement would accurately reflect
market trends and also to continue the accord as a market
oriented agreement, U.S. Officials said.
    Canadian officials in Ottawa also said they have
consistently tried to look at membership of commodity pacts on
the merits of each case. Malaysian Primary Industries Minister
Lim Keng Yaik told Reuters in Kuala Lumpur his country, the
world's top producer of rubber, tin and palm oil, decides its
participation in international commodity pacts case by case.
    Malaysia is a member of the Association of Tin Producing
Countries (ATPC) which produce 65 pct of world tin. The ATPC
launched a plan to limit member tin exports to 96,000 tonnes
for a year from March to cut the tin surplus to 50,000 from
70,000.
    Economist in the West German Ministry of Agriculture and
delegate to cocoa, wheat and sugar agreements Peter Baron told
Reuters in London, "Agreements with economic clauses to
stabilise prices could function if fixed price ranges were
close to market reality, if there was full participation by
producers and consumers, and if participants were prepared to
take their obligations in the framework of the agreement
seriously."
    But Baron added, "No real sanctions are available for a
country that doesn't stick to its obligations...The German
approach is sceptical. We don't think agreements are the best
instrument to help developing countries. They were never meant
to be a vehicle for the transfer of resources and that is how
developing countries often interpret them."
    Traditionally Britain has always been supportive of
commodity agreements, reflecting its strong links with Third
World producing countries. But recently demands for more
stringent and justifiable pacts with emphasis placed on the
need for "intellectual honesty" and "objective criteria" have
grown.
    British officials stress the need for commodity pacts to be
a two way partnership in trade rather than a disguise for aid.
    It is now seen as essential that any pacts involving direct
market participation through a buffer stock have a high degree
of transparency and do not contain the risk of open-ended
borrowing that occurred in the tin pact, they said. U.K.
Delegates talk of stabilisation and the need for prices to
reflect changes in market structure and price trends rather
than dictate what prices should be.
    A Foreign Ministry official in Tokyo said Japan urges price
realism in commodity pacts, adding high prices inflate supply.
    A government spokesman in Paris said France is favourable
to commodity pacts. France, a large consumer and producer of
sugar, favours a sugar pact as long as it reflects the real
market situation, particularly regarding stocks.
    Indonesia's Foreign Minister Mochtar Kusumaatmadja told
Reuters in Jakarta: "These agreements can work as long as the
problems are cyclical..But it's another matter when there are
structural problems..But we are still committed to commodity
agreements as an act of faith." Nicaraguan External Trade
Minister Alejandro Martinez Cuenca said in London producers
cannot afford not to give their backing to commodity
agreements.
    "The political will is not there on the part of some
consumers to make agreements work," Martinez Cuenca said.
    The head of the economics department in the Brazilian
Foreign Ministry, Sebastiao do Rego Barros, told Reuters an
agreement can be successful if it keeps a link with market
reality. If you have an agreement such as coffee with a system
of quotas, with a link between prices practised inside the pact
and actual market prices, it can work. UNCTAD spokesman Graham
Shanley said consuming countries realise steady export earnings
enhance developing countries' ability to service debt and mean
greater demand for industrialised nations' capital goods.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11316>
The Soviet Union featured prominently in
U.K. Grain exports outside the EC for the period July 1/March
13, taking a combined total of 1.10 mln tonnes of wheat and
barley out of all-destination U.K. Exports of 7.16 mln tonnes,
the Home Grown Cereals Authority said, quoting provisional
Customs and Excise figures.
    The Soviet total comprises 634,000 tonnes of wheat and
472,000 tonnes of barley. Grain traders said the figures
understate shipments already made by several thousand tonnes
and they expect total U.K. Grain exports to the USSR this
season to reach 2.5 mln tonnes, comprising 1.5 mln wheat/1.0
mln barley.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11343>
The Kansas City Board of Trade,
KCBT, has asked federal futures regulators to modify a proposal
to raise the Chicago Board of Trade's, CBT, speculative
position limits on wheat futures contracts, saying the plan
would put the the Kansas exchange "at a serious competitive
disadvantage."
    The Commodity Futures Trading Commission, CFTC, last month
proposed raising CBT wheat speculative limits to 1,200
contracts all months net from 600 contracts, and to 900
contracts for any single month from 600 contracts.
    At the same time, CFTC proposed leaving KCBT's wheat
speculative position limits unchanged.
    "Higher limits for CBT wheat than for KCBT wheat would
significantly impair the KCBT's ability to compete with the CBT
for speculative interest," Michael Braude, president of the
Kansas exchange, said in a letter to CFTC.
    A CFTC spokesman said the commission took into account open
interest affected by existing speculative limits in proposing
to raise CBT's limits.
    KCBT said the CFTC proposal would reduce hedging
efficiency, constrain growth of intermarket spreading and of
the exchange's wheat options contract and impair its ability to
attract large speculators.
    The Kansas City exchange asked the commission to amend its
proposal to change the limits for KCBT wheat to the exact same
bushel amount as specified for CBT wheat.
    CFTC will consider public comments on the proposal until
June 3.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11380>
Rep. Pat Roberts, R-Kan., predicted
the Reagan administration within the next ten days to two weeks
will offer subsidized wheat to the Soviet Union under the
Export Enhancement Program, EEP.
    Roberts made the comment at a press conference held by
Republican members of the House Agriculture Committee.
    He did not say on what he based the comment, but an aide
said Roberts had been in touch with top Republican officials
recently.
    The possibility of an expansion of EEP to include wheat to
Moscow has been rumored for some time, and some industry
sources believe a decision on the issue will be made by the
Reagan administration before Secretary of State George Shultz
goes to Moscow in April.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11392>
Unfavorable late winter weather
conditions in the main wheat growing areas of Yugoslavia
indicate dimmed prospects for the emerging winter wheat crop,
the U.S. embassy's agricultural officer in Belgrade said.
    The officer, who travelled through an area from Belgrade to
Subotica, said in a field report dated March 27 the wheat crop
had been set back at least three weeks because of a cold spell
that followed a period of warm weather.
    He said unseasonably warm weather in late February that
brought the wheat crop out of winter dormancy early was
followed by three weeks of unusually cold weather.
    Damaging effects were seen in the fields, most of which
show stands with a yellow-brown cast indicating extensive leaf
and possible root damage from repeated freezings, he said.
    The report said that since much of the early growth in
February was from late seeding rather than from normal
development, his view was that the damage may be more extensive
than some local observers say.
    The most seriously affected fields were late-seeded fields
on normal maize soils. Stands in these fields were thin and
chances of recovery appeared less favorable, he said.
    However, he said soil moisture conditions were favorable
and many of the fields had already been top-dressed, which
would aid recovery.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11399>
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard
Lyng declined to confirm statements made today by a farm state
congressman that the United States will offer subsidized wheat
to the Soviet Union within the next 10 days to two weeks.
    When asked to clarify comments by Rep. Pat Roberts of
Kansas that the administration would soon offer Export
Enhancement wheat to the Soviet Union Lyng said, "well it won't
be today," and then added, "we have no official comment one way
or the other."
    Lyng would not comment on whether a wheat subsidy offer to
the USSR is under more active consideration at the USDA, saying
that any remarks by him would be tantamount to an official
announcement and could be construed inappropriately.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11415>
Tunisia is expected to tender shortly for
100,000 tonnes of soft wheat for shipment between April and
June, covered by COFACE export credits, trade sources said.
    Over 300,000 tonnes of French soft wheat have been sold to
Tunisia since the beginning of the 1986/87 campaign, of which
225,000 to 250,000 tonnes have already been shipped, they said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11427>
Shifts from mild to very cold
weather in East Germany damaged winter barley and late sown
winter wheat in central regions and barley north of Berlin, the
U.S. agricultural officer in East Berlin said.
    In a field report, the officer said indications were that
winter kill might well be more than 100,000 hectares compared
with 38,000 last year.
    He said the damage was probably more limited in southern
and central regions and most widespread in the north.
    Damage was most severe on plants above the ground where
little or no snow cover was present, he added.
    The officer said heavy frosts at night followed by sunshine
during the day led to some heaving, particularly for well
developed plants and for winter barley.
    Furthermore, as the ground surface thawed, some standing
water occurred in the fields.
    The officer said repairing damage will probably call for
special measures this spring in fields with damaged plants and
where stands are thin. Harrowing, as well as well-timed
applications of nitrogen, will be necessary, he added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11445>
Syria may have bought 80,000 tonnes of
French soft wheat, some traders here said.
    But others said it may instead have given payment
guarantees to allow for the shipping of an old contract to go
ahead.
    Syria has bought around 320,000 tonnes of soft French wheat
since the beginning of the 1986/87 campaign, of which only
121,000 tonnes had been exported by the end of last month.
    The country also bought around 30,000 tonnes of EC soft
wheat 12 days ago at 80 to 81 dlrs a tonne, fob, they said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11645>
The U.S. Agriculture Department said
it had accepted a bid for an export bonus to cover a sale of
durum wheat to Algeria.
    USDA General Sales Manager Melvin Sims said the Commodity
Credit Corp accepted one bid from Cam USA Inc on a sale of
18,000 tonnes of durum wheat.
    Sims said the bonus was 42.44 dlrs per tonne and shipment
was scheduled for June 20-30, 1987.
    An additional 246,000 tonnes of durum wheat are still
available to Algeria under the export enhancement program.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11655>
The Commodity Credit Corporation
(CCC) has switched 10 mln dlrs in credit guarantees to Mexico
to cover purchases of U.S. wheat, the U.S. Agriculture
Department said.
    The credit guarantees were previously earmarked for sales
of U.S. dry edible beans and rice, it said.
    The action reduces the guarantee lines previously
authorized of dry edible beans to by five mln dlrs to 45 mln
dlrs and for rice from five mln to zero and increases coverage
for wheat sales from five mln to 15 mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11671>
The Commodity Credit Corporation
(CCC) switched five mln dlrs in credit guarantees to Ecuador to
provide for more sales of U.S. vegetable oil, the U.S.
Agriculture Department said.
    The credit guarantees were previously earmarked for sales
of U.S. cotton, feedgrains and wheat.
    The action reduces the guarantee lines previously
authorized for sales of cotton from 1.5 mln dlrs to 500,000
dlrs, for feedgrains from four mln to two mln and for wheat
from 45 mln dlrs to 43 mln dlrs and increases coverage for
vegetable oil sales from two mln to seven mln dlrs, the
department said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11694>
Honduras will tender April 2 for
U.S. and non-U.S. flag vessels to import 19,369 tonnes of wheat
in bulk, an agent for the country said.
    The agent said Honduras is seeking vessels to deliver 
7,369 tonnes during a period that includes laydays of April
15-30, and 12,000 tonnes with laydays of May 15-30.
    Offers are due no later than 1200 hrs EST, April 2, and
will remain valid through the close of business the following
day, the agent said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11815>
Grain traders said they were still
awaiting results of yesterday's U.K. Intervention feed wheat
tender for the home market.
    The market sought to buy 340,000 tonnes, more than double
the remaining 150,000 tonnes available under the current
tender. However, some of the tonnage included duplicate bids
for supplies in the same stores.
    Since the tenders started last July 861,000 tonnes of
British feed wheat have been sold back to the home market.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11834>
A total of 126,031 tonnes of U.K.
Intervention feed wheat was sold to the home market at this
week's tender, provisional results show, the Home Grown Cereals
Authority (HGCA), said.
    Actual prices were not reported but the wheat was sold at,
or above, the March intervention price of 119.17 stg per tonne.
    Grain traders sought to buy about 340,000 tonnes.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11885>
French cereals exports through Rouen port
rose to 751,563 tonnes between March 1 and March 25 from
603,413 tonnes in the same 1986 period, freight sources said.
    The Soviet Union took 263,051 tonnes of wheat and barley,
Saudi Arabia 90,944 tonnes barley, China 87,259 wheat, Algeria
64,896 wheat, Bangladesh 30,000 wheat, Morocco 27,500 maize,
Greece 26,700 wheat and barley, Spain 25,124 wheat, Poland
24,683 wheat, Brazil 24,082 wheat, Italy 21,659 wheat, Cyprus
20,700 wheat and maize, Israel 16,500 maize and the U.K. 8,797
tonnes wheat.
    Six ships are loading 120,000 tonnes of wheat, the sources
said. They include 30,000 tonnes for China, 31,000 for the
Soviet Union, 25,000 for Turkey, and 35,000 for Italy. Another
ship is loading 17,000 tonnes of colza for the Soviet Union.
    Another 12 ships should arrive to load 344,000 tonnes of
cereals by the end of the week. Six are to load 186,000 tonnes
of wheat for the Soviet Union. Two will load 60,000 tonnes of
barley for Saudi Arabia, one 28,000 tonnes of wheat for China,
two 25,000 tonnes of wheat each for Algeria and Turkey and one
20,000 tonnes of wheat for Italy. Another is expected to load
20,000 tonnes of colza for the Soviet Union.
    Flour exports through Rouen rose to 23,457 tonnes in the 25
day period from 5,500 in the equivalent 1986 period, the
sources said.
    Sudan took 19,327 tonnes and west coast Africa 4,130.
    Four ships are currently loading 32,000 tonnes, including
24,000 for Egypt, 6,000 for Tanzania and 2,000 for Mauritania.
    A ship is expected later this week to load 12,000 tonnes
for China.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11886>
The United Nations Food and Agriculture
Organization, FAO, said it approved emergency food aid worth
more than 14.3 mln dlrs for drought victims in Ethiopia.
    The aid will include 30,000 tonnes of wheat and 1,200
tonnes of vegetable oil for farmers in the Wollo and Illubabor
regions.
    FAO said it has also approved more than 1.4 mln dlrs of
food aid for 8,000 families in Sri Lanka. In addition, 583,225
dlrs of aid will be made available to Malawi to feed 96,700
people displaced from Mozambique and a further 340,200 dlrs for
cyclone victims in Vanuatu in the South Pacific.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12002>
Speculation the United States will
offer subsidized wheat to the Soviet Union appears to have
reached a new level of intensity in the run-up to Secretary of
State George Shultz' visit later this month to Moscow.
    Rumors of an impending deal have coursed through wheat
markets since officials from the two countries held their
customary, semi-annual grain talks in February. Moscow's
decision at that time to reenter the U.S. corn market
strengthened the perception of warming farm trade prospects.
    Shultz is set to arrive in Moscow April 13.
    Shultz' statement two weeks ago that he would not stand in
the way of a wheat subsidy offer under the Export Enhancement
Program, EEP, coupled with the announcement of his visit to
Moscow, was interpreted by many grain trade representatives
here as a clear signal that the Reagan administration was
preparing an offer.
    Administration officials -- in and out of the U.S.
Agriculture Department -- have been extremely tight-lipped
about the prospects of a subsidy offer.
    But USDA officials for the most part have abandoned the
contention the proposal is dormant, suggesting that an offer,
while not a "done deal," is a live possibility.
    Prominent U.S. grain trade representatives -- many of whom
asked not to be identified -- continue to maintain that an
offer to subsidize four mln tonnes of wheat is imminent.
    Others, who one month ago claimed a deal was not possible,
are saying they would not rule one out.
    Rep. Pat Roberts, R-Kan., yesterday went so far as to
predict a subsidy offer would be made within the next ten days
to two weeks.
    Aides to Roberts said he had spoken to Republican leaders
who had been in contact with administration officials.
    Richard Fritz, director of international marketing at U.S.
Wheat Associates, said he was confident an export enhancement
offer would be made by the middle of this month.
    Fritz also said he thought the value of the bonus would end
up being close to the offer Washington made Peking earlier this
year when USDA approved subsidies to China of around 36 dlrs
per tonne on one mln tonnes of wheat.
    Some grain trade representatives say a four-mln-tonne wheat
subsidy offer might help stimulate more Soviet purchases of
U.S. corn and open the door to U.S. sales of soybeans.
    As ever, one of the crucial sticking points in a wheat deal
would appear to be price.
    Last summer the administration took the controversial step
of offering the Soviets subsidized wheat -- but were
embarrassed when Moscow spurned the proposal on the grounds
that the 15-dlr-per-tonne subsidy still left U.S. wheat prices
far above world market prices.
    The administration's decision to set the subsidy level up
front instead of accepting bids from exporters appeared to be a
means of controlling the price while attempting to dampen
criticism, grain trade sources said.
    Nonetheless, the pricing procedure did not prevent Shultz
from saying the Soviets were "chortling" because Washington was
offering Soviet housewives cheaper grain than that available to
U.S. housewives.
    The conventional wisdom among grain trade representatives
here is that a general warming of relations between the two
countries since last summer, combined with continued hard times
in the U.S. grain belt, would favor a subsidy offer.
    In addition, the USSR has made it clear it would consider
buying U.S. wheat if it were priced more competitively.
    However, observers have not forgotten the circumstances
surrounding the administration's announcement of the wheat
subsidy offer last summer.
    Up until the time of the announcment, congressional and
industry leaders were led to believe the White House had
decided to expand the Export Enhancement Program to include not
only the Soviets, but also a much broader list of countries.
    Instead, the administration scaled back the offer to
include only the Soviets.
    That last-minute change of heart adds a measure of
uncertainty even to the predictions of those most convinced
that the administration will not now pass up the opportunity to
sell four mln tonnes of wheat to the Soviet Union.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12009>
Speculation the United States will
offer subsidized wheat to the Soviet Union appears to have
reached a new level of intensity in the run-up to Secretary of
State George Shultz' visit later this month to Moscow.
    Rumors of an impending deal have coursed through wheat
markets since officials from the two countries held their
customary, semi-annual grain talks in February. Moscow's
decision at that time to reenter the U.S. corn market
strengthened the perception of warming farm trade prospects.
    Shultz is set to arrive in Moscow April 13.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12192>
U.S. farmers who reorganize their
operations to circumvent a cap on federal payments could add
2.3 billion dlrs to the cost of the government's agricultural
programs by 1989, the General Accounting Office, GAO, said.
    "We estimate that should the trend in farm reorganizations
continue, reorganizations since 1984 could be adding almost 900
mln dlrs annually to program costs by 1989," GAO Senior
Associate Director Brian Crowley said.
    "Cumulative costs for the six-year period, 1984 to 1989,
could approach 2.3 billion dlrs," he said.
    Between 1984 and 1986, reorganizations added almost 9,000
new persons to U.S. Agriculture Department payment rolls,
Crowley told the House Agriculture Subcommittee on Wheat,
Soybeans and Feedgrains.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12254>
Argentine subproducts shipments
during January/December 1986 totalled 5,618,315 tonnes, against
4,815,188 tonnes in the same period of 1985, the Argentine
Grain Board said.
    Breakdown was as follows: cotton 26,992 (41,933), sunflower
1,403,230 (1,190,862), linseed 261,600 (309,191), groundnutseed
23,595 (22,809), soybean 3,275,225 (2,415,492), bran/pollards
wheat 606,352 (659,271), fiber cotton 3,256 (107,752), wheat
flour 18,065 (67,878), rape nil (nil), the board added.
    Shipments during December 1986 amounted to 418,755 tonnes,
against 257,844 tonnes in the same month of 1985.
    The breakdown, was as follows, in tonnes:
    Cotton 3,002 (6,234), sunflower 86,612 (38,347), linseed
23,954 (38,290), groundnutseed nil (nil), soybean 264,650
(104,571), bran/polards wheat 37,724 (49,946), fiber cotton 987
(2,121), wheat flour 1,826 (18,335), rapeseed nil (nil), the
board said.
    The ten principal destinations during January/December
1986, with comparative figures for the same period of 1985 in
brackets, were as follows, in tonnes:
    Holland 2,444,260 (2,234,049), Belgium 546,423 (595,635),
Italy 430,029 (338,766), Czechoslovakia 365,897 (236,836), Cuba
253,067 (222,842), Iran 250,646 (192,430), West Germany
232,049) (158,491), Bulgaria 207,030 (300,488), Spain and
Canary Islands 176,287 (113,751), Corea 163,304 (37,416), the
board added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12261>
The Soviet Union would likely be more
interested in purchasing new crop wheat than in booking any
grain for immediate shipment if offered a subsidy on U.S.
wheat, an executive with a major grain export company said.
    Lower prices and the desire to delay any big purchases
until the condition of winter and spring crops is better known
make new crop wheat more attractive, said George Hoffman,
director of commodity analysis for The Pillsbury Company.
    "Pillsbury is assuming that they (Soviets) will be offered
a subsidy and that it will be a subsidy that they can respond
to," Hoffman told Reuters in an interview at an agribusiness
education conference here. But if there are too many
constraints placed on a subsidy offer, the USSR will take less
than an anticipated four mln tonnes, he said.
    Hoffman said Pillsbury's internal statistics put Soviet
Union wheat purchases at only two mln tonnes under a subsidy
offer. However, if a subsidy is offered at competitive levels,
Moscow would likely buy more, he said.
    "If we give the Soviets the same deal as the Chinese, I
expect they'll take it," said Vernon McMinimy, director of
commodity research for A.E. Staley Manufacturing Co.
    McMinimy told Reuters spring weather and its impact on
crops will determine how much wheat Moscow would buy under a
subsidy offer.
    Soviet winter crops did not get off to a good start because
of a dry autumn last year, and because of the severe winter
"they probably have had more damage due to winter weather than
normal," McMinimy said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12269>
Egypt has been authorized to purchase
about 125,000 tonnes of U.S. wheat flour under an existing PL
480 agreement, the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    It may buy the wheat flour, valued at 23.0 mln dlrs between
April 8 and August 31, 1987 and ship it by September 30, the
department said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12325>
New Zealand may need about 100,000
tonnes of wheat this year, which would normally come from
Australia, but may be from the United States, the U.S.
Agriculture Department said.
    In its report on Export Markets for U.S. Grains, the
department said with the deregulation of the New Zealand Wheat
Board, which normally imports wheat from Australia, there is
the possibility of wheat purchases from the united states since
the shipping cost between New Zealand and the Eastern Coast of
Australia and the West Coast of the United States are about
equal.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12372>
The U.S. House Agriculture Committee
approved proposals to extend the life of the Export Enhancement
Program, EEP, through fiscal 1990 and urged the Reagan
administration offer EEP wheat to the Soviet Union.
    The proposals were approved as amendments to a
comprehensive trade bill moving through Congress this year.
    In addition to the amendments on EEP, the committee
approved several proposals which could restrict imports of
lamb, casein, sugar-containing products and tobacco. Those
amendments affecting imports face an uncertain future because
the House Ways and Means Committee, which has overall
jurisdiction over trade legislation, will oppose them,
Congressional sources said.
    The effect of the EEP amendments would be to extend the
life of the program five years through fiscal 1990 rather than
the current three years through fiscal 1988.
    The amendments, offered by Rep. Dan Glickman, D-Kan., also
would increase funding for the program to 2.5 billion dlrs from
1.5 billion now.
    Furthermore, the committee passed an amendment offered by
Rep. Glickman which instructs the U.S. Agriculture Department
to value EEP bonus commodities at market value, not acquisition
value. Glickman said the change would make the program 30 pct
less expensive to operate.
    The provision on EEP wheat to the Soviet Union, offered by
Rep. Bob Smith, R-Ore., does not require the administration
make an offer, but urges such action.
    The committee approved an amendment, offered by Rep. Glenn
English, D-Okla., requiring the Secretary of Agriculture to
begin discussions with other major grain producing countries
aimed at jointly reducing world grain production.
    Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter yesterday opposed the
amendment, saying such commodity agreements do not work.
    Among the host of amendments to restrict imports approved
by the panel, the most significant would require quotas on
imports of goods containing more than 25 pct of a bulk farm
product that is subject to U.S. quotas. The amendment, offered
by Rep. Arlan Stangeland, R-Minn., is aimed primarily at
curbing imports from Canada of products containing sugar and
foreign foods containing dairy products. It also may affect
peanut, cotton and tobacco imports, Committee sources said.
    Another amendment would place a quota on U.S. imports of
casein, a dairy product shipped to the U.S. primarily by New
Zealand and Ireland.
    The panel also voted to apply to lamb imports the same
countercyclical import quota law which is operating for U.S.
beef imports.
    Other miscellaneous amendments included:
    -- Urging the administration consider retaliating against
Japan and South Korea if those countries do not remove
restrictions on beef imports.
    -- Boosting the amount of U.S. grain which must be shipped
each year under a food aid program called Section 416 to
800,000 tonnes from 500,000 tonnes now.
    -- Requiring the Agriculture Secretary conduct a study of
the Canadian Wheat Board import licensing system for wheat to
determine if it is a non-tariff trade barrier.
    -- Requiring the Agriculture Secretary reimburse the
National Corn Growers Association up to 500,000 dlrs for the
costs of defending the U.S. feedgrains program against a
Canadian countervailing duty case this year.
    -- Urging the administration oppose the Canadian decision
to apply a duty on U.S. corn imports, and a proposal by the
European Community to apply a vegetable oils tax.
    -- USDA conduct a study of the findings of a National
Commission on Agricultural Export Policy, which recommended a
reorganization of USDA's trade policy apparatus.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12420>
Australia is risking wheat export
sales by not providing enough specific quality grades to meet
buyer requirements, the Australian Wheat Board (AWB) said.
    "Many AWB customers are becoming increasingly quality
conscious, demanding strict adherence to contractual quality
specifications," the board said in a submission to the Royal
Commission into Grain Storage, Handling and Transport.
    "Many of the specifications are more specific than the
current categories used in Australia," it said.
    The commission is trying to identify ways of saving costs
and boosting efficiency of the grain handling system.
    Australia must rely on quality to retain its wheat market
share because its competitors are supplying cheaper but
lower-quality grades, the AWB submission said.
    It stressed the need to segregate wheat categories at every
stage from receival to shipping.
    Better industrial relations at grain terminals, more
uniform transport systems across the states and extensive stock
control were vital to improved marketing, it said.
    The submission also said Australia's federal system impeded
the AWB's role of coordinating and managing the marketing of
wheat.
    The AWB called for an end to physical and legislative
constraints at state borders that prevent the efficient
transport of grains to other states for shipment.
    "It is essential that wheat moves by the most economic mode
to the nearest efficient port, irrespective of the state in
which the wheat is grown or stored," it said.
    For example, wheat grown in northern New South Wales (NSW)
might move more efficiently to Brisbane, in Queensland, than to
Sydney or Newcastle in New South Wales, it said. Similarly,
southern NSW wheat might better be shipped to Portland or
Geelong, in Victoria.
    Legislation giving state rail authorities a monopoly over
grain shipments was one notable impediment, it said.
    The AWB said the current approach of state-based bulk
handling authorities is not essential, although it said it
favoured the authorities maintaining at least their current
level of control of storage and transport as long as quality
was maintained.
    An appendix on port loading costs showed it cost between
26,500 and 34,700 U.S. Dlrs to load a 50,000-tonne vessel at
various Australian ports compared with 21,200 dlrs at Houston
and 16,300 at Port Cartier, Quebec, for a 60,000-tonner.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12428>
The U.K. Exported 517,600 tonnes of wheat
and 315,800 tonnes of barley in the first 25 days of March, the
Home Grown Cereals Authority (HGCA) said, quoting provisional
Customs and Excise figures.
    This brought combined wheat and barley exports since the
season started on July 1 to 7.60 mln tonnes, substantially up
on the 4.02 mln exported in the same 1985/86 period.
    This season's total comprises 3.94 mln tonnes of wheat and
3.66 mln barley, compared with 1.63 mln and 2.39 mln,
respectively, a year ago.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12458>
France has sold between 50,000 to 100,000
tonnes of wheat flour to China, the Director General of
France's Cereal Intervention Board (ONIC) Bernard Vieux said.
    He gave no further details of the sale, but added French
millers were worried about the unfair competition facing French
flour due the lack of end-of-season storage premiums for wheat.
    ONIC raised its estimate of 1986/87 flour exports to 1.70
mln tonnes compared 1.65 mln forecast in March and the 1.87 mln
exported in 1985/86.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12500>
French operators have requested licences
to export 422,000 tonnes of free market maize, 212,000 tonnes
of barley and 20,000 tonnes of feed wheat at today's EC tender,
trade sources said.
    For the maize, rebates requested range between 129.25 and
138.74 European currency units per tonne, for the barley
between 138.94 and 145 Ecus and for feed wheat 141.75 Ecus.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12543>
Colombia recently bought 25,000 tonnes of
French soft wheat at 108 dlrs per tonne, c and f, for end-April
shipment, trade sources said.
    This follows the country's tender for 25,000 tonnes of
optional origin wheat for shipment April 20-30, they said.
    France had not sold wheat to Colombia for several years.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12762>
U.K. Domestic wheat markets dropped about
one stg per tonne early this morning following overnight news
that the EC is releasing a further 300,000 tonnes of wheat from
British intervention stores for the home market over a three
month period.
    April deliveries of denaturable wheat were offered in East
Anglia at 124 stg and May at 125 stg per tonne, both one stg
down on yesterday's traded rates.
    The market is expecting U.K. Wheat futures to show a
similar loss at today's opening.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12802>
U.K. Physical wheat values recovered from
initial losses of one to two stg per tonne caused by overnight
news of the release of an additional 300,000 tonnes of
intervention feed wheat for U.K. Weekly home market tenders.
    Consumer buyers were attracted by the cheaper offers,
traders said, and by early afternoon the market had recovered
to one stg down to unchanged.
    U.K. Wheat futures also rallied to end the morning
unchanged to 0.05 stg easier.
    In East Anglia, April deliveries of feed wheat traded at
123 and May at 124 but were subsequently bid one stg a tonne
    The market for denaturable wheat in Liverpool held
comparatively steady with sellers holding back due to uncertain
conditions.
    April deliveries made 127.50 and June 129.50 stg per tonne,
basis Liverpool.
    The fob market for wheat started easier but here again
selling pressure lifted around midday. Apr/Jun shipments traded
fob east coast at 123 stg per tonne. This compared with 124
paid for April yesterday and 125 for May/June.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12887>
Pakistan is not emerging as a major
wheat exporter as world market prospects are not good enough,
Sartaj Aziz, Special Assistant on Food and Agriculture to the
Pakistani Prime Minister, said in an interview.
    No exports are planned for the next 12 months or so and
plans last year to sell one mln tonnes to Iran came to nothing
because they could not agree a price, he said.
    Aziz forecast that Pakistan may have exportable surpluses
of one mln tonnes or a half mln tonnes over the next few
harvests in years when the weather is favourable.
    The government does not wish to increase output much above
this because of low world prices, and the land would be better
used for other crops.
    Aziz said the Pakistani government does not want area sown
to wheat to increase from the current seven mln hectares. Some
10 pct of that area which gives low yields could be switched to
more profitable crops such as oilseeds.
    The aim is to concentrate on raising yields from the
current 1.8 to 1.9 tonnes per ha to at least 2.5 tonnes per ha
over the next five to seven years, he said.
    Aziz said the current 1986/87 crop, harvesting of which is
just beginning, is expected to yield around a record 14.5 mln
tonnes. This compares with a target of 14.7 mln and last year's
yield of 14.0 mln.
    He said rains some six weeks ago helped the crop but more
recent rains reduced prospects slightly.
    The long-term wheat production target is for some 17 mln
tonnes by mid-1993, taking into account Pakistan's annual
population growth rate of more than three pct. Current
consumption is some 12.5 mln tonnes.
    The current wheat reserve is 2.5 mln tonnes, Aziz said.
This compares with a minimum reserve commitment of one mln
tonnes, which Pakistan will maintain at all costs, and a
"strategic reserve" target of two mln tonnes.
    Despite the fact that stocks are a half-mln tonnes over
target, the surplus will not be exported at present, he said.
    The government wants to keep an extra "safety margin" until
it sees what effect the abolition of a 44-year-old wheat
rationing system will have on domestic consumption. New exports
will be considered only in about a year's time when the 1987/88
crop can be gauged as well, he said.
    The new domestic policy, introduced on March 15, is for the
government to supply unlimited quantities of wheat at two
rupees per kilo. With other costs this means a price in
Pakistani markets of between 2.30 and 2.50 rupees per kilo.
    Under the old system, introduced during World War Two and
due to be phased out by April 15, some 50 mln ration cards were
issued enabling poor people to buy wheat cheaply.
    Aziz said following the introduction of a government
support price in the 1970s the system become so corrupted that
only 20 to 25 pct of subsidised wheat was actually reaching the
consumer, the rest being diverted illicitly to the mills.
    The ration system had also not had the stabilising effect
on the internal wheat market that was intended, Aziz said.
    Prices have already begun to fall with the introduction of
the new system. The wheat price in Karachi, the most expensive
Pakistani city, had dropped from 3.11 rupees per kilo on March
1 to 2.85 rupees on March 30.
    Aziz said he does not expect the change in system to have a
major effect on total consumption, but it may encourage better
use of side-products such as bran.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12971>
The European Commission's decision to
release an additional 300,000 tonnes of British intervention
feed wheat for the home market will provide only moderate
relief in an increasingly tight market, traders said.
    Some operators had been anticipating a larger tonnage,
pointing out that at this week's U.K. Intervention tender the
market sought to buy 340,000 tonnes but only 126,000 tonnes
were granted.
    The new tranche of intervention grain is unlikely to
satisfy demand, they said, and keen buying competition for
supplies in stores is expected to keep prices firm.
    The release of the feed wheat followed recent strong
representations by the U.K. Grain trade to the Commission.
There has been growing concern that rising internal prices,
triggered by heavy exports, were creating areas of shortage in
interior markets.
    The latest EC authorisation will add 70,000 tonnes at the
April 14 tender and a further 30,000 tonnes later in the month.
The remaining 200,000 tonnes will be made available in May and
June.
    News of the release produced an early downward reaction in
local physical markets, but by midday some sections had halved
early two stg losses while others were unchanged.
    Ministry of Agriculture figures for March indicate 1.85 mln
tonnes of wheat and 1.74 mln tonnes of barley remain in the
free market. However, some traders believe these figures are
overstated and, while some may still be held on the farm, the
bulk of wheat is already sold. Some of the grain is also off
the market in futures stores.
    A total of 2.10 mln tonnes of intervention wheat has been
sold for export or to the home market since the season started
July 1, leaving an unsold balance in intervention of about 1.59
mln tonnes.
    Intervention barley sales have reached just over 1.0 mln
tonnes, leaving about 753,000 tonnes, traders said.
    This season's U.K. Export performance has surpassed all
early expectations and has created the present nervous
situation in domestic markets where the fear now is free market
supplies may not last out until new crop becomes available in
August.
    The market is sticking to its recent prediction of total
barley and wheat exports of around 10.5 mln tonnes, a new
record and nearly double the previous record of 5.9 mln tonnes
achieved in the 1984/85 season.
    Traders expect U.K. Wheat exports to reach 6.0 mln and
barley around 4.50 mln tonnes.
    The Soviet Union has booked a record total of 2.5 mln
tonnes of British wheat and barley this season, but only 1.28
mln had surfaced in Customs export figures by March 25, traders
said.
    Other EC countries have bought large amounts of British
grain and for the July 1/March 25 period had taken 2.59 mln
tonnes of wheat and 2.06 mln tonnes of barley. This compares
with 1.28 mln and 868,700 tonnes last season.
    The market is expecting prices, particularly wheat, to stay
buoyant for the remaining few months of the season. If supplies
become more difficult and prices strengthen further, feed
compounders may increase cereal substitute usage, traders said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13094>
The U.S. Agriculture Department said
it has accepted a bid for an export bonus to cover the sale of
50,000 tonnes of hard red winter wheat to Sri Lanka.
    A bonus of 37.44 dlrs per tonne was awarded to Continental
Grain Co on the shipment scheduled for April 8-16, Melvin Sims,
USDA general sales manager said.
    An additional 10,000 tonnes of wheat are still available to
Sri Lanka under the export enhancement program, Sims said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13097>
The U.S. Agriculture Department said
it has accepted a bid for an export bonus to cover the sale of
18,000 tonnes of U.S. durum wheat to Algeria.
    A bonus of 43.25 dlrs per tonne was awarded to Cam USA Inc
on the shipment scheduled for June 20-30, Melvin Sims, USDA
general sales manager, said.
    An additional 228,000 tonnes of durum wheat are available
to Algeria under the department's export enhancement program,
Sims said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13179>
Grain and oilseed complex export
business reported since yesterday by government agencies and
private exporters -
    Japanese crushers bought 4,000 to 5,000 tonnes of Canadian
rapeseed in export business overnight for May shipment...Greece
has agreed to buy 27,000 to 33,000 tonnes of Spanish corn for
spot shipment, with Italy buying 6,000 to 7,000 tonnes of
Spanish corn for last/half April shipment, a spokesman for
cargill's spanish unit said...Taiwan bought 54,000 tonnes of
U.S. soybeans for April 20/May 5 delivery C and F...
    (Continued) - The India State Trading Corp bought 20,000
tonnes of optional origin soybean oil for May 20/June 20
shipment and 6,000 tonnes of RBD palm olein for April 25/May 25
shipment at its import tender yesterday...Pakistan rejected
offers at its tender for 12,000 tonnes of RBD palm oil, but is
expected to retender next week...The U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) said it has accepted a bid for an export
bonus to cover the sale of 50,000 tonnes of U.S. hard red
winter wehat to Sri Lanka for April 8/16 shipment, with an
additional 10,000 tonnes of wheat still available to Sri Lanka
under the Export Enhancement Program (EEP)...
    (Continued) - The USDA said it has accepted a bid for an
export bonus to cover the sale of 18,000 tonnes of U.S. durum
wheat to Algeria for June 20/30 shipment, with an additional
228,000 tonnes still available to Algeria under the EEP.
    Tenders - Jordan will tender Monday, April 6, for 225,000
tonnes of U.S. hard and soft wheats for various April/Nov
shipments under the EEP.
    Market talk and comment - The USDA said Turkey has been
made eligible for the sale of up to 70,000 tonnes of medium
grain milled rice under the EEP...
    Market talk and comment (continued) - The USDA announced
Colombia has been made eligible for sale of up to 15,000 tonnes
of U.S. barley malt under the EEP...The Canadian Grain
Commission reported Canadian wheat exports in the week ended
March 29 totalled 447,200 tonnes, compared with 277,700 the
previous week, with 1986/87 season exports so far up to
10,228,600 tonnes versus 10,637,500 for the 1985/86 season,
with barley exports 38,800 tonnes, 106,700 tonnes, 4,804,500
and 1,892,600 respectively, rapeseed 43,900 tonnes, 50,700
tonnes, 1,292,600 and 920,000 respectively and flaxseed 20,700
tonnes, 13,600 tonens, 450,900 and 392,600 respectively...
    Market talk and comment (continued) - Pakistan is not
emerging as a major wheat exporter as World market prospects
are not good enough, a government official said...Active
timecharter fixing by Soviet operators to cover USSR grain
imprts featured the ocean freight market this morning, ship
brokers said...Dry cargo futures on the BIFFEX extended
yesterday's strong advance, with sharp gains of 22 to 17 points
in response to rumors of higher rates for grain business from
the U.S. Gulf to Japan, dealers said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13313>
Wheat and rapeseed crops in east China
suffered considerable damage because of frost during a spell of
unusually cold weather in late March, the China Daily said.
    It said average temperatures for the last 10 days of March
in most of east China were three to five degrees centigrade
below average. Snow fell in Jiangsu, Anhui, Hubei and Henan,
making early rice sowing difficult.
    Heavy snow blanketted central and south Jilin and north
Liaoning, leaving farmland too muddy for spring ploughing and
sowing, the paper said.
    The paper said rainfall during the last 10 days of March in
areas south of the Yangtze had been much higher than normal.
    Heavy rain fell last Sunday in parts of Guangdong, ending a
particularly arid dry season and marking the start of the flood
season, it said. It gave no further details.
    The New China News Agency said rain and snow in Henan had
improved the prospects for wheat, sown on 4.8 mln hectares, and
caused a drop in grain prices at rural fairs since late
February. It gave no 1986 figures for comparison.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13729>
A total of 14,685 tonnes of British
intervention feed wheat were sold at today's tender for the
home market, the Home Grown Cereals Authority said.
    Bids amounted to 19,115 tonnes against offerings of 31,528.
Prices paid were at, or above, the prevailing intervention feed
wheat price of 120.71 stg per tonne.
    Grain traders said a large part of the tonnage on offer was
in stores, which would mean high transport costs to deficient
areas. The European Commission recently made available 70,000
tonnes for next week's tender.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13744>
Sesostris, the Spanish subsidiary of the
international grain trader Dreyfus, sold 18,000 tonnes of
barley to Greece for delivery from Mediterranean ports from
April 14 to 30, a company spokesman said. He gave no details on
price.
    The barley has a 14 pct humidity.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13852>
The U.S. Agriculture Department gave
a preliminary breakdown of grain in the Farmer-Owned Grain
Reserve as of April 1, with comparisons, based on telephone
reports from farmers filed with the department's Kansas City
field office, in mln bushels --
           April 1   Previous
 Wheat     657.6      659.7
 Corn    1,406.5    1,397.0
 Sorghum    95.8       95.5
 Barley    122.1      122.0
 Oats        3.7        3.7
 
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13856>
The U.S. Agriculture Department gave
the following breakdown of grain remaining in the farmer-owned
grain reserve as of April 1, in mln bushels, by reserve number
--
             I    II  III    IV      V      VI
 Wheat      nil  nil  0.1   0.3    10.5  479.7
 Corn        --   --   --   4.1 1,231.9     --
 Sorghum-x   --   --   --   0.1    38.8     --
 Barley      --   --   --   0.1    73.9     --
 x - mln cwts. Note - USDA says above totals may not match
total in reserve numbers.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14126>
The European Commission has not taken a
decision on applications from the British government for the
release of 200,000 tonnes of intervention feed wheat onto the
British market in May and June, Commission sources said.
    They said last week's cereals management committee agreed
to release 70,000 tonnes of feed wheat through weekly tenders
between April 14 and May 26. It also indicated it planned to
allow the release of another 30,000 tonnes from April 23.
    However, it decided to leave consideration of the release
of further wheat until later.
    The British government had applied for the release of a
further 100,000 tonnes in both May and June from British
intervention stores to prevent market prices rising.
    However, the sources said, the Commission wanted to review
the market situation nearer the time before giving its
approval.
    The Commission was given new powers last year to control
the release of intervention cereals onto the market, the
sources noted.
    Following last week's committee meeting, the U.K. Ministry
of Agriculture said the Commission had given an assurance that
additional quantities of intervention wheat would be made
available in May and June. It also said that it was envisaged
that monthly releases would be at least 100,000 tonnes,
depending on the state of the market.
    This lead to the widespread assumption that the Commission
had actually approved the release of 300,000 tonnes during the
three months of April, May and June at last week's meeting.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14491>
Honduras will tender April 13 under
Public Law 480 for U.S. and non-U.S. flag vessels to deliver
approximately 52,500 tonnes of various wheats in bulk, an agent
for the country said.
    The agent said deliveries of northern spring/dns wheat will
include laydays of July 1-10 for 7,500-9,500 tonnes, August
1-10 for 8,000-10,000 tonnes, and September 15-25 for
12,500-14,500 tonnes.
    Deliveries of hard red winter wheat will have laydays of
June 20-30 for 5,000-7,000 tonnes, July 15-25 for 6,500-8,500
tonnes, and September 15-25 for 7,000-9,000 tonnes.
    Offers are due by 1200 hrs EDT, April 13, and will remain
valid until the close of business April 14, the agent said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14509>
The Commodity Credit Corporation
(CCC) has reallocated 5.0 mln dlrs in credit guarantees
previously earmarked for sales of U.S. wheat to provide
coverage for sales of U.S. vegetable oil to Bangladesh, the
U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    USDA said the action was taken at the request of the
Bangladesh government and reduces the guarantee line authorized
for wheat sales from 25.0 mln dlrs to 20.0 and creates a new
line of 5.0 mln dlrs for vegetable oils.
    To be eligible for coverage under the CCC's Intermediate
Export Credit Program, credit terms must be in excess of three
years, but not more than seven years.
    All sales covered by the credit guarantees must be
registered and shipped by September 30, 1987, USDA said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14718>
Egypt has cancelled its Export Bonus
tender for 200,000 tonnes of soft red winter wheat for May-June
shipment after failing to bid a price acceptable to USDA,
private export sources said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14721>
Jordan has boosted its bids for U.S.
soft and hard wheat under Export Bonus, private export sources
said.
    Jordan today bid 74 dlrs per tonne for soft wheat and 75
dlrs per tonne for hard red winter wheat in its tender for
225,000 tonnes of hard and soft wheat for April through
November shipment. Earlier today, USDA rejected its bids of 70
dlrs for both varieties, they said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14722>
Morocco will tender Thursday for
120,000 to 210,000 tonnes of U.S. wheat, cheapest variety
preferred, for May and June shipments under PL 480, private
export sources said.
    The tender will consist of three lots of up to 70,000
tonnes each for shipment May 1-30, May 10-June 10, and May
25-June 25, they said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2003>
The Commodity Credit Corporation,
CCC, has accepted bids for export bonuses to cover sales of
25,000 tonnes of wheat flour to Iraq, the U.S. Agriculture
Department said.
    The department said the bonuses awarded averaged 116.84
dlrs per tonne.
    The shipment periods are March 15-April 20 (12,500 tonnes)
and April 1-May 5 (12,500 tonnes).
    The bonus awards were made to Peavey Company and will be
paid in the form of commodities from CCC stocks, it said.
    An additional 175,000 tonnes of wheat flour are still
available to Iraq under the Export Enhancement Program
initative announced January 7, 1987, the department said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2008>
The Commodity Credit Corporation,
CCC, has accepted a bid for an export bonus to cover a sale of
2,000 tonnes of semolina to Egypt, the U.S. Agriculture
Department said.
    The department said the bonus was 233.91 dlrs per tonne and
was made to International Multifoods Corp. The bonus will be
paid in the form of commodities from CCC stocks.
    The semolina is for shipment during June 1987, it said.
    An additional 13,000 tonnes of semolina are still available
to Egypt under the Export Enhancement Program initiative
announced on August 6, 1986, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2044>
French operators have requested licences
to export 40,000 tonnes of free market feed wheat, 32,500
tonnes of soft bread wheat, 375,000 tonnes of barley and
465,000 tonnes of maize at today's European Community tender,
trade sources here said.
    Rebates requested ranged between 134 and 136.50 European
currency units (Ecus) a tonne for the feed wheat, 137.39 and
141.50 Ecus a tonne for the bread wheat, 137.93 and 142.95 Ecus
for the barley and 133.75 and 140.25 Ecus for the maize.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2074>
Western Canada's resource-based economy
is being hurt by international market forces and there is
little Ottawa can do about it, Finance Minister Michael Wilson
said.
    "If you can tell me how we can get the international energy
price up and how we can get the price for copper up and how we
can get the price for wheat up, then we will listen," Wilson
told the House of Comnons Finance Committee.
    Although under pressure from oil companies and wheat
farmers for help in battling depressed commodity prices, Wilson
said it has to be recognized the area was a "prisoner of market
forces outside the boundaries of this country."
    Wilson, appearing before the committee to discuss the
government's spending estimates released earlier this week,
said the government is doing what it can in the region, citing
more than 3.5 billion dlrs in aid for western agriculture.
    "Those resources are a reflection of very real concerns on
our part in dealing with a very difficult problem," Wilson said
in response to questions about management of the economy from
opposition party members.
    He said the long term answer for depressed regions of the
country was reaching a free trade pact with the United States,
which he claimed would improve the outlook for Western Canada.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2095>
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard
Lyng does not intend to discuss a wheat export enhancement
initiative to the Soviet Union at a cabinet-level Economic
Policy Council meeting set for tomorrow, an aide to Lyng said.
    "He (Lyng) does not intend to bring it up," the aide said,
adding that the subsidy offer remains "dormant."
    Lyng plans to spend "about five minutes" reviewing the status
of farm legislation on Capitol Hill before the Economic Policy
Council, which is responsible for guiding the administration's
economic policy, the aide said.
    The USDA secretary met this morning with members of the
House Foreign Affairs Committee, but the handful of lawmakers
present did not ask whether the administration intended to
offer Moscow a wheat export bonus, the aide said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2172>
French cereal exports through the port of
Rouen fell 6.4 pct to 725,023 tonnes during the period February
1 to 25, from 774,704 for the period February 1 to 26 last
year, trade sources said.
    Main destinations were Saudi Arabia with 158,109 tonnes of
barley, the Soviet Union 147,214 of wheat, Italy 104,704 of
wheat, Spain 91,381 of wheat and maize, China 52,500 of wheat
and Algeria 41,000 of wheat.
    Between February 26 and today, five ships have loaded
137,000 tonnes of cereals, the sources added.
    The 137,000 tonnes comprised 59,500 tonnes of wheat for
China, 53,000 of wheat for the Soviet Union and 24,500 of wheat
for Algeria.
    By this Friday, sources estimated a further 233,600 tonnes
of cereals will have been loaded, comprising 47,000 tonnes of
barley, 78,600 of wheat and 25,000 of rapeseed for the Soviet
Union, 30,000 of wheat for Sri Lanka, 28,000 of wheat for China
and 25,000 of wheat for Poland.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2191>
The European Community's cereal
management committee rejected all bids to export free market
soft wheat at today's weekly tender, traders said.
    The committee awarded 123,000 tonnes of free market barley
export licences at a maximum export refund of 138.75 Ecus per
tonne.
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2217>
The EC Commission rejected all bids for
free market bread-making and feed wheat and all bids for the
special West German tender at today's weekly EC cereals tender,
trade sources said here.
    It granted export licences for 123,000 tonnes of free
market barley at a maximum rebate of 138.75 Ecus per tonne and
25,000 tonnes of maize at a maximum rebate of 133.75 Ecus, they
said.
    Licences for 100,000 tonnes of the barley were awarded to
French trade houses, they added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2223>
World grain trade could be turning
the corner and heading toward recovery in the 1986-87 season, a
Cargill, Inc. analyst said.
    Writing in the March issue of the Cargill Bulletin, David
Rogers of Cargill's Commodity Marketing Division cited a
gradual rise in world wheat trade in recent months, with a slow
rise in wheat prices after recent historic lows.
    He said the wheat trade, because wheat can be produced in
many nations, is a good barometer of world grain trade and
could lead to more activity in other grain markets.
    Rogers said that with world grain prices at their lowest
level in over a quarter of a century in real terms, demand has
begun to rise while producing nations are re-examining their
expensive price-support policies and reducing planted acres.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2367>
A House Agriculture Committee meeting
later today to draft a disaster aid bill is expected to spark a
debate between lawmakers who want to expand the 0/92, or
"de-coupling," provision to cover feedgrains, and those who
oppose 0/92 or want it severely limited, Congressional sources
said.
    The disaster aid bill as it now stands calls for a one-year
0/92 pilot program for 1987 crop wheat and the 1988 winter
wheat crop. The bill would allow farmers to forego planting and
still receive 92 pct of deficiency payments.
    The administration has strongly urged that the bill be
expanded to feedgrains and to more than one year.
    It is difficult to tell in what form the 0/92 provision
will emerge from the committee, the sources said.
    Proponents of an expansion of 0/92 maintain there are large
estimated cost savings of such a bill -- ranging from estimates
by the administration of 200 to 500 mln dlrs.
    Opposition to a reopening of the 1985 farm bill at this
time is the major reason cited by those against an expansion of
the bill, committee staffers said.
    The 0/92 plan is scheduled to be discussed at 1530 EST. A
conflicting floor vote delayed the start of the meeting, and
staffers said it may have to be delayed even until next week.
    Such a delay would not bode well for proponents of an
expanded 0/92 program, since spring planting in many areas of
the country will be underway in the next few weeks and signup
for the 1987 wheat and feedgrains program ends March 30.
    Farmers are now making their planting decisions, so
something has to be done quickly if a 0/92 program is to be
implemented, an Agriculture Department source said.
    An expansion of 0/92 to feedgrains was opposed in last
week's subcommittee hearing on the bill, with subcommittee
chairman Dan Glickman, D-Kan., saying that more study of the
consequences of decoupling on feedgrains plantings was
necessary.
    Major commodity groups, including the National Corn
Growers, the American Farm Bureau and the National Cattlemen's
Association, have voiced strong opposition to 0/92.
    But proponents of an expanded 0/92 argue that the bill
currently is not equitable for all grains producers, so it
should be extended to other crops.
    There will be difficulty in limiting 0/92 to wheat, said
Gene Moos, aide to house majority leader Tom Foley, D-Wash.
    Projected cost savings, in the current atmosphere of try to
decrease farm expenditures, would also be hard to ignore in the
debate to expand the 0/92 application, Moos said.
    Rep. Charles Stenholm, D-Tex., may be planning to introduce
a bill to restrict 0/92 to only 1987 crop wheat, with the
argument that now is not the time to vote in favor of any major
changes in the farm bill.
    "Stenholm's bill is not a rejection of 0/92, only of the
timing," a congressional staff member said.
    Rep. Arland Stangeland (R-Minn.) is reported to have an
amendment to expand the 0/92 provision to 1987 and 1988
feedgrains.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2382>
China has added 90,000 tonnes of U.S.
wheat to its purchases for delivery in the 1987/88 season and
cancelled 30,000 tonnes of wheat purchases for delivery in the
1986/87 season, the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    According to the department's Export Sales Report covering
transactions in the week ended February 26, China has
outstanding wheat commitments for the 1986/87 season of 30,000
tonnes and 420,000 tonnes for delivery in the 1987/88 season.
    The wheat season begins June 1.
    China has total corn commitments for 1986/87 of 1,011,200
tonnes and soybeans commitments of 157,500 tonnes.
    The season for corn and soybeans began September 1.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2425>
A House Agriculture Committee meeting
to draft a disaster aid bill containing a controversial 0/92
provision has been postponed until next Tuesday, committee
staff members announced.
    The bill contains a provision implementing a 0/92 acreage
reduction plan for 1986 wheat and 1987 winter wheat, thereby
making payments available to farmers who were not able to plant
last year's winter wheat crop because of flooding.
    Controversy exists over whether the 0/92 provisions of the
bill should be expanded, cut back or left as is.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2508>
Key members of the House Agriculture
committee have agreed to scale-back the 0/92 provision of a
pending disaster aid bill to cover only 1987 crop wheat, but a
broader 0/92 proposal is likely to be resurrected later,
Congressional sources said.
    The sources said key lawmakers including Reps. Glenn
English (D-Okla.), and Dan Glickman (D-Kan.) agreed to support
an amendment to be offered next week by Rep. Charles Stenholm
(D-Tex.) which would limit 0/92 only to producers of 1987 crop
winter and spring wheat.
    This would scale-back the 0/92 provision to the original
proposal by English allowing a pilot 0/92 program for 1987
wheat only. That provision was later broadened by the
subcommittee to include 1988 crop winter wheat.
    Under 0/92, a farmer can forego planting a crop but still
collect 92 pct of deficiency payments.
    Earlier today, the House Agriculture committee postponed
until next Tuesday a meeting to consider the disaster aid bill
and 0/92.
    The agreement to limit 0/92 to a wheat pilot program
follows vocal criticism of the proposal by some influential
farm groups who are concerned about the major impact of 0/92,
and by members of Congress wary of reopening the farm bill.
    Congressional sources said there has not been enough time
to study the implications of a broad 0/92.
    "The timing (of the proposal) is off," said one aide to a
House Agriculture committee member.
    However, several Congressional sources said they expect a
broader 0/92 provision to emerge again when the House
Agriculture committee is faced next month with the need to make
spending cuts in the agriculture budget for fiscal 1988 as part
of an overall deficit reduction package.
    Gene Moos, aide to House Majority leader Tom Foley
(D-Wash.), predicted agriculture's share of budget cuts may
exceed one billion dlrs.
    A broader 0/92 might be resurrected later because both the
Congressional Budget Office and the Reagan administration
estimate it would result in significant budget savings.
    A U.S. Agriculture Department official said 0/92 for all
1987 crops would save 300 to 400 mln dlrs and more than 1.5
billion dlrs over five years.
    Another factor which could affect the 0/92 debate is the
approach of planting season, Congressional sources said.
    Some officials said it already is late for implementation
of a 0/92 in 1987 because farm program signup ends March 31 for
wheat and feedgrains.
    If Congress approved 0/92 later in the year sign-up either
would have to be extended or reopened, sources said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2524>
A majority of the Senate Agriculture
Committee urged President Reagan to reverse his opposition to
export subsidies to the Soviet Union as a way to get its
negotiators to purchase some 500 mln dlrs in American wheat.
    The group, led by committee chairman Patrick Leahy, a
Vermont Democrat, urged Reagan to step up negotiations with the
Soviet Union by providing export subsidies to help U.S.
farmers.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2535>
Trade between Argentina and Brazil
jumped 90 pct in 1986 versus 1985, Foreign Minister Dante
Caputo said.
    Speaking to reporters, Caputo said the near doubling in
trade showed the "tangible and immediate results" of a wide-
ranging economic integration accord signed by the presidents of
both countries last July.
    He said trade last year totalled 1.3 billion dlrs versus
700 mln dlrs in 1985.
    The accord provided for capital goods trade between the two
countries to rise to 2.0 billion dlrs over four years.
    Argentine wheat exports to Brazil will increase from
1,375,000 tonnes in 1987 to 2.0 mln tonnes in 1991, the accord
said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2741>
The U.S. National Association of
Wheat Growers (NAWG) urged the Reagan administration offer the
Soviet Union wheat under the export enhancement program (eep).
    In a letter to Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng, NAWG
stated its "strong support" for an eep offer to Moscow.
    "We believe that a solid case continues to exist for Soviet
EEP eligibility, and the recently announced and reported Soviet
purchases of U.S. corn indicate a Soviet willingness to
purchase U.S. grain if it is competitively priced," NAWG said.
    "Consequently, we believe it is important to renew the U.S.
eep offer and do all that is reasonably possible to ensure
mutual adherence to the terms of the U.S.-Soviet grain
agreement," the letter said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2747>
The Reagan administration continues
to debate whether to offer subsidized wheat to the Soviet
Union, but would need assurances from the Soviets that they
would buy the wheat before the subsidy offer would be made, a
senior U.S. Agriculture Department official said.
    "I think it still is under active debate whether or not it
would be advisable" to make an the export enhancement offer to
the Soviets, Thomas Kay, administrator of the department's
Foreign Agriculture Service, told Reuters.
    "We'd need some assurances from them (the Soviets) that they
would buy if offered" the wheat under the subsidy plan, he said.
Kay called reports that such an offer was imminent "premature."
    The Reagan administration's cabinet-level Economic Policy
Council is set to meet today to discuss, among other matters,
agricultural policy but is not expected to address a wheat
subsidy offer to the Soviet Union, administration officials
said earlier.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2857>
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard
Lyng said no decisions were taken today at a White House
Economic Policy Council meeting.
    Speaking to reporters on his return from the meeting, Lyng
said only about five minutes of the session dealt with
agriculture issues.
    "It was not a decision making meeting," Lyng said.
    Aides to Lyng earlier said the administration's agriculture
legislative proposals would be the farm-related topic on the
agenda. Lyng would not comment on what farm issues were
discussed.
    Asked how he would respond to farm groups and Congressmen
urging the U.S. to offer a wheat bonus to the Soviet Union,
Lyng said he would be listen but be "non-committal."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2864>
Advocates of a 0/92 plan for
feedgrains will likely delay offering their proposals if a
disaster aid bill before the House Agriculture Committee is
scaled back to include only 1987 winter wheat, congressional
sources said.
    The disaster aid bill, introduced by Rep. Glenn English
(D-Okla.), sparked sharp controversy with its proposals to
implement a 0/92 program for 1987 wheat and 1988 winter wheat.
    An agreement has been reached to trim the bill back to 1987
wheat, but supporters of a 0/92 feedgrains plan said even that
scaled-down version would not be equitable for farmers.
    Unless the English bill pertains only to 1987 winter wheat,
it is more than a simple disaster payment and feedgrains should
be treated equally, they said.
   If the bill is narrowed to just winter wheat, then
supporters of a 0/92 feedgrains amendment will probably not
offer their proposals next week, sources said.
   English has agreed to support an amendment by Rep. Charles
Stenholm (R-Tex) to narrow the bill to 1987 wheat only, but
whether he would also back a further reduction is unclear.
    Agricultural aides to English said the congressman's first
choice is to make the option available to all 1987 wheat
farmers. However, if the political reality is that disaster aid
for winter wheat farmers would be unavailable because of
controversy over spring wheat, then English might consider an
even greater cutback in the bill, they said.
    Under a 0/92 plan, farmers could forego planting and still
receive 92 pct of deficiency payments.
    Rep. Arlan Stangeland (R-Minn.) and Harold Volkmer (D-Mo.)
have both expressed interest in expanding the English bill to
include a 0/92 program for feedgrains.
    An aide said Stangeland does not want to reopen the farm
bill, but to be fair to all crops.
    Only a small percentage of spring wheat farmers would
likely sign up for 0/92 since the incentives to plant are
greater than to idle the land, economists said.
    Opponents to a 0/92 feedgrains program argue it is
premature to make major changes in the farm bill and that the
House Agriculture Committee needs to study more closely the
impacts of such a program.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3132>
The West German Intervention Board said
it accepted 962,192 tonnes of grain from the start of the
current agricultural year to the end of last month, compared
with 1.8 mln tonnes during the July/February period in 1985/86.
    It said it accepted 336,097 tonnes of bread wheat (nil in
the year-earlier period), 16,818 (nil) tonnes of high quality
wheat, 33,623 (523,625) tonnes of feed wheat, 3,426 (168,682)
tonnes of rye, 88,494 (32,766) tonnes of high quality rye,
2,313 (105,005) tonnes of summer barley and 481,421 (972,794)
tonnes of winter barley.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3138>
Over 240 mln bushels of government
grain have been allocated in redemptions for commodity
certificates since the program began April 30, according to the
Commodity Credit Corporation.
    Redemptions included 11.4 mln bushels of corn valued at
17.0 mln dlrs, or an average per-bushel price of 1.492 dlrs,
since the current grain catalogs were issued December 1 by CCC.
    Wheat redemptions totaled 9.6 mln bushels, valued at 23.7
mln dlrs, since December 1.
 More
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3272>
Italy has shown interest in British new
crop wheat recently but the actual volume booked so far by
Italian buyers has not been large, traders said.
    They put purchases at around 50,000 tonnes for Sept/Dec
shipments but said some of the business was transacted at the
start of the year.
    Italian interior home markets have been active in recent
weeks and traders said around 200,000 tonnes have traded
between dealers and home consumers. Some of this has been
covered in the market here and more possibly will be, traders
said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3282>
The USDA's weekly export inspection
report is expected to show a decline in soybean exports and
steady to slightly lower corn and wheat exports, according to
CBT floor traders' forecasts.
    Traders projected soybean exports at 15 mln to 16 mln
bushels, down from 20.3 mln bushels a week ago and 25.5 mln
bushels a year ago.
    Corn guesses ranged from 20 mln to 25 mln bushels, compared
with 21.9 mln bushels a week ago and 28.2 mln a year ago.
    Wheat guesses ranged from 13 mln to 18 mln bushels,
compared with 14.1 mln bushels a week ago and 17.9 mln a year
ago.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3314>
The U.S. Agriculture Department
forecast the Soviet 1986/87 wheat crop at 92.30 mln tonnes, vs
92.30 mln tonnes last month. It put the 1985/86 crop at 78.10
mln tonnes, vs 78.10 mln tonnes last month.
    Soviet 1986/87 coarse grain production is estimated at
103.30 mln tonnes, vs 103.30 mln tonnes last month. Production
in 1985/86 is projected at 100.00 mln tonnes, vs 99.99 mln
tonnes last month.
    USSR wheat imports are forecast at 15.00 mln tonnes in
1986/87, vs 14.00 mln tonnes last month. Imports in 1985/86 are
put at 15.70 mln tonnes, vs 15.70 mln tonnes last month. USDA
estimated Soviet 1986/87 coarse grain imports at 10.00 mln
tonnes, vs 8.00 mln tonnes last month, and 1985/86 imports at
13.70 mln tonnes, vs 13.70 mln tonnes last month.

</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3323>
The Commodity Credit Corporation,
CCC, has authorized 25.0 mln dlrs in credit guarantees to North
Yemen to cover purchases of U.S. wheat under the Intermediate
Export Credit Guarantee Program (GSM-103), the U.S. Agriculture
Department said.
    Under the program credit terms extended must be in excess
of three yeras, but not more than seven years.
    All sales under the line must be registered and exports
completed by September 30, 1987, the department said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3330>
The U.S. Agriculture Department
increased its estimate of Soviet 1986/87 grain imports to 26
mln tonnes from last month's projection of 23 mln tonnes.
    In its monthly USSR Grain Situation and Outlook, USDA said
the increase reflected the return of the Soviet Union to the
U.S. corn market and continued purchases of both wheat and
coarse grain from other major suppliers.
    USSR wheat imports were projected at 15 mln tonnes, up one
mln from last month's estimate and 700,000 tonnes below the
preliminary 1985/86 figure.
    Soviet grain for feed use was estimated at a record 129 mln
tonnes. Record or near-record livestock inventories, along with
a dry fall which likely reduced late season pasturage, and a
cold winter have increased feed demand, USDA said.
    USSR meat and egg production in January rose only slightly
from the previous January's level, while milk production
increased by nearly six pct.
    Unusually cold weather in January and smaller increases in
roughage supplies during 1986 than in 1985 kept livestock
production from expanding as much as it did a year earlier,
USDA said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3334>
The U.S. Agriculture Department
estimated Canada's 1986/87 wheat crop at 31.85 mln tonnes, vs
31.85 mln tonnes last month. It estimated 1985/86 output at
24.25 mln tonnes, vs 24.25 mln last month.
    Canadian 1986/87 coarse grain production is projected at
27.62 mln tonnes, vs 27.62 mln tonnes last month. Production in
1985/86 is estimated at 24.95 mln tonnes, vs 24.95 mln last
month.
    Canadian wheat exports in 1986/87 are forecast at 19.00 mln
tonnes, vs 18.00 mln tonnes last month. Exports in 1985/86 are
estimated at 17.71 mln tonnes, vs 17.72 mln last month.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3335>
The U.S. Agriculture Department
forecast Australia's 1986/87 wheat crop at 17.30 mln tonnes, vs
17.50 mln tonnes last month. It estimated 1985/86 output at
16.13 mln tonnes, vs 16.13 mln last month.
    Australian wheat exports in 1986/87 are forecast at 14.50
mln tonnes, vs 15.00 mln tonnes last month, while exports in
1985/86 are estimated at 15.96 mln tonnes, vs 15.96 mln last
month.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3358>
The Agricultural Stabilization and
Conservation Service (ASCS) bought 25.7 mln pounds of wheat
flour at a cost of 2.8 mln dlrs for domestic shipment April
1-15 and April 16-30, an ASCS spokesman said.
    ASCS also bought 11.1 mln pounds of bakers flour for 1.1
mln dlrs, 1.9 mln pounds of pasta for 408,258 dlrs, 1.4 mln
pounds of processed cereal products for 304,043 dlrs, 4.8 mln
pounds of corn products for 474,944 dlrs, and 16.3 mln pounds
of milled rice for 2.0 mln dlrs.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3401>
Grain analysts said the increase of
three mln tonnes in 1986/87 Soviet grain imports is unlikely to
affect the market Tuesday.
    They said the market already has discounted higher Soviet
imports, partly on news last month that the Soviet Union bought
one mln tonnes of U.S. corn, and on rumors that the Reagan
administration is pushing for authority to sell the Soviets
U.S. wheat under the Export Enhancement Program.
    In its supply-demand report, the USDA raised its estimate
for 1986/87 Soviet grain imports to 26 mln tonnes from 23 mln.
    "That was business already done, for all practical
purposes," said Drexel Burnham analyst Dale Gustafson,
reflecting similar statements made by other analysts.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3429>
The Soviet Union will likely honor
its commitment with the United States to buy a minimum of four
mln tonnes of corn this year, an Agriculture Department
official said.
    "They have always honoured the agreement, and there's no
reason now to think they won't this year," he told Reuters.
    "They have an aggressive buying campaign from the European
Community, from Canada, from the U.S. They're active buyers
from all sources at this point," the official said in
explaining why the Department raised its Soviet grain imports
estimate today by three mln tonnes to 26 mln tonnes.
    This is a dramatic shift from just a few months ago when
analysts were saying the USSR might not buy any U.S. corn for
the first time in 15 years.
    A drawdown of corn supplies in China and Argentina, concern
over Soviet winter crops, and increasing competition for U.S.
corn were all cited as possible factors in creating Moscow's
recent interest.
    Lower corn production prospects in some major supplying
countries have stirred activity from big buyers such as Japan,
and the Soviets are also closely watching the situation, the
official said.
    "The Soviets will try to out-capitalize the capitalists"
and buy corn before prices get too high, the official said. "As
soon as they need corn, they'll buy it," he added.
    USDA has confirmed one mln tonnes of corn sold to the
Soviet Union, but both U.S. and Soviet analysts have said the
purchases stand at 1.5 mln tonnes.
    The USDA official would not speculate on when the Soviets
would enter the U.S. market again.
    "There has definitely been an evolving mind set -- from the
situation of slow grain buying a couple months ago to one of
frenetic buying now," the official said.
    However, the situation in wheat is "a different story," he
said. Greater world supplies of wheat, heavier Soviet purchase
commitments and less competitive U.S. wheat prices make Soviet
purchases of U.S. wheat less likely, he said.
    Speculation has continued for several days that the U.S.
is considering making an export bonus wheat subsidy offer to
the Soviets, but U.S. officials have provided no confirmation.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3445>
The Sichuan government has ordered that
any work or meeting which interferes with the fight against
drought must be cancelled or postponed to save time, energy and
manpower, the People's Daily domestic edition said.
    Sichuan is one of six provinces threatened by drought.
    Wen Wei Po, a Hong Kong daily, said the drought, the worst
for more than 20 years, is affecting nearly two mln hectares in
100 counties in Sichuan, the country's biggest agricultural
producer.
    Sichuan has experienced temperatures three degrees
Centigrade higher than normal and rainfall up to 70 pct less
than normal since early February, affecting wheat, oil-bearing
crops, rice planting and dryland cash crops, it said.
    The paper said 43,000 hectares in Meixian county in
Guangdong are seriously short of water.
    The People's Daily said Henan, Shaanxi, Gansu and Hebei are
also suffering from drought.
    Henan's grain output fell by 2.5 mln tonnes last year from
the 1985 level because of drought which has been affecting the
province since May.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3737>
Private exporters said China bought a
total of 550,000 tonnes of U.S. wheat under the export
enhancement program, with final confirmation by the U.S.
Department of Agriculture of the subsidies still awaited.
    The purchase consisted of a total of 340,000 tonnes of hard
red winter wheat for various May/Aug shipments, with 210,000
tonnes of soft red winter for Aug/Sept, the exporters said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3904>
The Commodity Credit Corp (CCC) has
accepted bids for export bonuses to cover sales of 340,000
tonnes of hard red winter wheat and 210,000 tonnes of soft red
winter wheat to China, the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    The bonuses awarded averaged 36.22 dlrs per tonne, and the
wheat is scheduled for delivery during May-Oct 1987.
    The bonus awards were made to Cargill, Inc (305,000
tonnes), Continental Grain Co (155,000 tonnes), Mitsubishi
International Corp (60,000 tonnes) and Richco Grain Co (30,000
tonnes).
    Bonuses will be paid to the exporters in the form of
commodities from CCC stocks.
    The purchases complete the Export Enhancement Program
initiative for China announced Jan 26.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4057>
The Australian Wheat Board's (AWB)
1986/87 export program is well advanced with over 10 mln tonnes
already sold, AWB general manager Ron Paice said.
    "We are certainly within reach of our 15 mln tonne export
target for the year," he said in a statement.
    He did not detail the commitments already made, but an AWB
spokesman said they include sales to Egypt, China, Iran, the
Soviet Union and Iraq.
    In the 1985/86 wheat year ended September 30, the AWB
exported a record 15.96 mln tonnes.
    Paice also said the 1986/87 Australian wheat harvest has
ended after a long, cool summer with 15.14 mln tonnes delivered
to the AWB.
    The season produced another good crop, with only 0.2 pct of
receivals being downgraded to feed quality, he said.
    However, it is likely that some weather-damaged grain was
still being held on farms and further milling and feed wheat
may be delivered following the recent announcement of the final
Guaranteed Minimum Price for 1986/87, he said.
    Paice did not give a crop estimate, but the AWB's February
Wheat Australia publication put the crop at 16.7 mln tonnes.
    But the AWB spokesman said it is likely this estimate could
turn out to be too high, based on the receivals level, and the
final crop figure would probably be nearer to 16.2 mln tonnes.
The official estimate is not yet available.
    In the 1985/86 season, the AWB received 15.08 mln tonnes of
the 16.13 mln tonne crop.
    Another 422,000 tonnes was retained on-farm and 620,000
sold under the permit system introduced in 1984/85 to allow
farmers to sell feed wheat to the grain trade outside the AWB's
receival system, according to Bureau of Agricultural Economics
data.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4077>
China's wheat imports in January were
218,000 tonnes, down from 393,000 in January 1986, the China
Daily Business Weekly said, quoting customs figures.
    It said imports of sugar were 25,165 tonnes, down from
54,000, but exports of rice rose to 71,144 tonnes from 20,000.
It gave no more details.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4203>
The Panamanian bulk carrier Juvena is
still aground outside Tartous, Syria, despite discharging 6,400
tons of its 39,000-ton cargo of wheat, and water has entered
the engine-room due to a crack in the vessel bottom, Lloyds
Shipping Intelligence Service said.
    The Juvena, 53,351 tonnes dw, ran aground outside Tartous
port basin breakwater on February 25 in heavy weather and rough
seas.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4296>
The European Community's, EC, cereal
management committee granted export licences for 5,000 tonnes
of quality soft bread-making wheat at a maximum export rebate
of 134.75 European currency units, Ecus, per tonne, traders
said.
    The committee also granted export certificates of 35,000
tonnes of barley at 137.35 Ecus per tonne, but rejected all
bids for the export of soft feed wheat, they said.
    Certificates were also granted for the export of 15,000
tonnes of maize at a maximum rebate of 132.90 Ecus per tonne,
the traders said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4356>
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard
Lyng said the Reagan administration had not decided on offering
the Soviet Union subsidized wheat but that such an offer had
not been ruled out.
    In an interview with Reuters, Lyng also said that he had no
knowledge of any upcoming discussion of the matter within the
cabinet.
    Asked if the administration had ruled out offering to
subsidize wheat exports to the Soviet Union under the
department's export enhancement program, Lyng said, "No. We
haven't made a decision on it, haven't even talked about it,
haven't even looked at it."
    Reminded that there have been reports that Moscow would buy
U.S. wheat if competitively priced, Lyng responded, "If they
(the Soviets) would offer to buy some wheat, would we accept
it? It would depend on what price they offered."
    Lyng added that he did not think the price of U.S. wheat
was far off the world price.
    Asked about persistent speculation that the administration
would offer Moscow a wheat subsidy, Lyng said, "Some people
think they're doing it to see if they can get a little spurt in
the market."
    Agriculture Undersecretary Daniel Amstutz last week asked
the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to investigate reports
that wheat prices were being manipulated by reports that a U.S.
wheat subsidy offer was imminent.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4382>
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard
Lyng said he was not sure a long-term U.S.-Soviet grain
agreement would be worth extending when it expires next year.
    "It hasn't been worth much in the last two years....They
haven't lived up to the agreement as I see it," Lyng said in an
interview with Reuters.
    "It would be my thought that it's not worth any effort to
work out an agreement with someone who wants the agreement to
be a one-sided thing," he said.
    However, Lyng said he did not want to make a "definitive
commitment one way or another at this point."
    Under the accord covering 1983-88, the Soviets agreed to
buy at least nine mln tonnes of U.S. grain, including four mln
tonnes each of corn and wheat.
    Moscow bought 6.8 mln tonnes of corn and 153,000 tonnes of
wheat during the third agreement year, which ended last
September, and this year has bought one mln tonnes of corn.
    Lyng said he had no knowledge of how much U.S. grain Moscow
would buy this year.
    "I've seen people making comments on that and I don't know
how they know, unless they talk to the Soviets," he said. "I have
no knowledge, and I really don't think anyone other than the
Soviets have any knowledge."
    Lyng said he thought the Soviets bought U.S. corn last
month because "they needed it and because the price was right."
    "Our corn has been pretty reasonably priced. And I think
they've always found that our corn was good," he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4478>
The U.S. Agriculture Department said
private U.S. exporters reported purchases from foreign sellers
of 120,000 tonnes of wheat for delivery to unknown
destinations.
    The wheat, consisting of 60,000 tonnes of hard red winter
and 60,000 tones of soft red winter, is for delivery during the
1987/88 season, which begins June 1.
    A purchase from a foreign seller is a transaction in which
a U.S. exporter contracts to buy U.S.-produced commodities from
a foreign firm, the department said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4490>
Implementation of a one-year 0/92
pilot program for wheat and feedgrains was strongly promoted
today by the chairman of a key house agriculture subcommittee
as a way to cut farm costs and simultaneously give farmers
another option when making their planting decisions.
    "We have a budget driven farm policy. It may be a shame,
but we are locked into this," said Dan Glickman, (D-Kans.),
chairman of the subcommittee on wheat, soybeans and feed
grains. "We need to look at ways to cut costs and not hurt the
farmer. A 0/92 plan, if properly done, could do both."
    Glickman announced this week plans to introduce a 0/92 bill
for 1987 and 1988 wheat and feedgrains. An aide to Glickman
said that it will probably be introduced next week.
    Glickman said a 0/92 program, which allows a farmer to
forego planting and still receive 92 pct of his deficiency
payment, would not be a major revision of the 1985 farm bill --
only an extension of the 50/92 option already provided under
the current bill.
    It is premature to make any major changes in the farm bill,
he said, but if agriculture has to make further cuts to meet
budget goals, a voluntary 0/92 plan would be better than
sharply cutting target prices, as USDA has proposed.
    A 0/92 plan, however, would not be decoupling, but simply a
different type of acreage diversion program, Glickman said.
    Decoupling -- delinking planting decisions from government
payments -- is too much of a policy change to approve at this
point, he said.
    "I don't think there is any interest in pursuing a
decoupling bill this year. Period. Unequivocal," Glickman said
at the hearing.
    Sen. Rudy Boschwitz (R-Minn.), cosponsor of the
Boren/Boschwitz decoupling plan, said he supports a short term
0/92 program as a move to a more permament decoupling plan.
    Boschwitz plans to introduce a 0/92 plan in the senate. His
plan would guarantee a certain deficiency payment to
participating farmers, require that idled acreage be put to
conservation use only, prohibit haying and grazing on extra
idled acreage, limit participation to a certain number of acres
in a county and provide tenant protection provisions.
    "I know we cannot obtain complete decoupling in 1987, but
we can at least move in that direction," Boschwitz said.
    Robbin Johnson, vice president of Cargill, Inc., testified
in favor of decoupling. Decoupling would end the current bias
in U.S. farm policy towards overproduction and reduce farmers'
dependency on the government, he said.
    A 0/92 plan does not go far enough in decoupling, Johnson
said, and would still encourage farmers to plant.
    Officials from the National Corn Growers Association and
the National Cattlemen's Association said their groups oppose
any 0/92 or decoupling plan due to concerns about reopening the
farm bill and creating more confusion among farmers.
    But when asked if his association were forced to choose
between a ten pct cut in target prices or a 0/92 program, Larry
Johnson of the Corn Growers said they would agree to 0/92
rather than take sharp cuts in target levels.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4549>
A marketing loan for U.S. wheat,
feedgrains and soybeans would do nothing to help the surplus
production situation and would be extremely costly, Sen. Rudy
Boschwitz (R-Minn.) said.
    "I think I would not support a marketing loan now," he told
the House agriculture subcommittee on wheat, soybeans and
feedgrains. Boschwitz was one of the original supporters of a
marketing loan for cotton and rice, but has since focused
support on decoupling legislation, the Boren/Boschwitiz bill.
    A market loan for grains and soybeans would encourage more
production, especially in high-yielding areas, would be much
more expensive than the current cotton and rice marketing loans
and not increase exports significantly, he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4599>
There were no shipments of U.S.
grain or soybeans to the Soviet Union in the week ended March
12, according to the U.S. Agriculture Department's latest
Export Sales report.
     The USSR has purchased 1.0 mln tonnes of U.S. corn for
delivery in the fourth year of the U.S.-USSR grain agreement.
     Total shipments in the third year of the U.S.-USSR grains
agreement, which ended September 30, amounted to 152,600 tonnes
of wheat, 6,808,100 tonnes of corn and 1,518,700 tonnes of
soybeans.
    Shipments to the USSR in the second year of the agreeement
amounted to 2,887,200 tonnes of wheat and 15,750,100 tonnes of
corn.
   
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4671>
A total of 1.886 mln hectares was sown
to wheat in Britain, excluding Northern Ireland, up to December
1, 1986 for the 1987 crop, a Ministry of Agriculture census
shows.
    It compares with 1.925 mln planted in the same period 1985.
    The barley area was unchanged at 952,000 ha, but oilseed
rape increased to 393,000 from 333,000 ha.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4696>
The U.S. Is to lend Sudan 57 mln dlrs
to buy 309,000 tonnes of wheat and 73,000 tonnes of wheat
flour, according to an agreement signed here.
    Under the agreement Sudan will receive 50 mln dlrs for the
commodities and the rest for sea transportation.
    The loan is repayable in 40 years, including a 10-year
grace period. Interest will be two pct for the grace period and
three pct over the repayment period of 30 years.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5056>
Authorizations to purchase 50 mln
dlrs worth of U.S. wheat and wheat flour under Public Law 480
were issued to Sudan today, the Agriculture Department said.
    The authorization provides for 34 mln dlrs -- about 309,000
tonnes -- worth of wheat, grade U.S. number two or better
(except durum which shall be number three or better).
    It also provides for 16 mln dlrs -- about 73,000 tonnes --
worth of wheat flour.
    The contracting period for both commodities is March 20
through August 31, 1987. The delivery period for wheat is March
20 through September 30, 1987 and for wheat flour is April 10
through SEptember 30, 1987, USDA said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5383>
The Commodity Credit Corportion,
CCC, has accepted a bid for an export bonus to cover the sale
of 15,000 tonnes of U.S. wheat to West African countries, the
U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    The dark northern spring wheat is for shipment May 15-June
15, 1987.
    The bonus of 40.05 dlrs per tonne was made to Peavey
Company and will be paid in the form of commodities from the
CCC inventory, it said.
    An additional 315,500 tonnes of wheat are still available
to West African countries under the Export Enhancement Program
initiative announced October 30, 1986, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5467>
A 0/92 program would have very
little impact on U.S. acreage, prompting farmers to idle only
an additional 3.5 mln acres of cropland every year, according
to a report from the Agriculture Department.
    The savings resulting from the additional 3.5 mln acres
idled would be a little over 400 mln dlrs in loan savings, 35
mln dlrs in transportation and storage savings, and 10-20 mln
dlrs per year in deficiency payment savings, the report said.
    The USDA report asssessed the impacts of the proposed 0/92
acreage program for wheat, corn, cotton, sorghum and barley.
Last year, almost 245 mln acres of those crops were harvested.
    "The likelihood that the 0-92 provisiion will cause very
large acreages to be removed from crop production is quite
small," the report said.
    "The returns on typical farms still favor participation in
the usual acreage reduction programs and seeding the permitted
acreage," the USDA report said.
    The 0/92 program, which would allow farmers to forego
planting and still receive 92 pct of their deficiency payment,
would be most used by producers in high production/high risk
areas where cost of production is high, said Keith Collins,
director of USDA's economics analysis staff.
    "In the heart of the corn belt, you would not get that much
participation," Collins said.
    USDA estimated that an additional one mln acres of wheat
would be ildled under 0/92, 1.5 mln acres of corn, 500,000
acres of sorghum and barley and 500,000 acres of cotton.
    Production from these idled acres would be equivalent to 40
mln bushels of wheat, 180 mln bushels of corn, 20 mln bushels
of sorghum, 10 mln bushels of barley, and 500,000 bales of
cotton, the report said.
    "In determining whether to participate, a producer would
need to weigh the expected cash costs of production against the
loan rate ... The risk that market prices may rise above the
expected levels and reduce the deficiency payment also must be
considered," according to the analysis.
    "What you're giving up under 0/92 is the difference between
the loan rate and the cost of production," Collins said.
    For producers with low production costs, that difference is
greater and can be applied to paying variable costs, he said.
Under these cicumstances, farmers would not want to go along
with 0/92. But for high cost producers, 0/92 would be more
attractive.
    Also, as loan rates get lower, Collins said there would be
more incentives to participate in a 0/92 program.
    "I would admit that its impacts would be very marginal at
first, but it is a step towards the goal of separating
production decisions from government payments," Collins said.
    In a speech earlier today before the National Grains and
Feed Association, USDA Secretary Richard Lyng said it is too
late to implement 0/92 for 1987 crops since program signup will
be over by the end of this month.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5531>
The USDA's weekly export inspection
report is expected to show steady corn and wheat exports and
lower soybean exports, according to CBT floor traders'
forecasts.
    Traders projected soybean exports at 16 mln to 18 mln
bushels, down from 18.6 mln bushels a week ago and 20.3 mln
bushels a year ago.
    Corn guesses ranged from 22 mln to 26 mln bushels, compared
with 25.2 mln bushels a week ago and 22.4 million bushels a
year ago.
    Wheat guesses ranged from 13 mln to 17 mln bushels,
compared with 16.8 mln bushels a week ago and 13.4 mln bushels
a year ago.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5610>
Farmers enrolled over 6.5 mln acres
of program crops in the latest conservation reserve program
signup and around four mln acres of non-program crops,
Agriculture Department conservation specialists said.
    Soybean acreage amounted to less than two mln acres of the
non-program crop acreage enrolled, a USDA analyst said. Heavy
enrollment of non-base acreage in wheat states, of which a big
percentage would be fallow and non-soybean land, accounted for
a large portion of the non-program acreage, the analyst said.
    Wheat and corn acreage comprised slightly over 40 pct of
the total 10,572,402 acres accepted into the ten-year program.
    USDA analysts gave the following enrollment breakdown:
    -- wheat  2,615,140 acres
    -- corn   1,894,764 acres
    -- barley   705,888 acres
    -- sorghum  585,552 acres
    -- cotton   417,893 acres
    -- rice       2,035 acres
    -- peanuts      611 acres
    -- tobacco      285 acres
    -- total program crops  6,512,700 acres
    -- total nonprogram     4,059,702 acres
    -- total enrollment    10,572,402 acres
    USDA analysts are currently working on a complete state
breakdown of crop acreage enrollment and should have it ready
for publication later this week, they said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5636>
The United States has signed a
Public Law 480 agreement with Honduras to provide for the sale
of 12.0 mln dlrs worth of U.S. agricultural commodities, the
U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    The agreement, signed March 11, provides for the sale of
about 75,000 tonnes of wheat/wheat flour worth 8.5 mln dlrs,
15,000 tonnes of corn/sorghum worth 1.5 mln dlrs and 6,000
tonnes of tallow worth 2.0 mln dlrs, the department said.
    The commodities will be supplied in the current fiscal
year, ending September 30, and sales will be by private U.S.
traders on a competitive bid basis.
    Purchase authorizations will be announced as issued.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5639>
Missouri Republican Senators John
Danforth and Christopher Bond have introduced a bill that would
allow wheat and feedgrain producers along the Mississippi and
Missouri Rivers hurt by flooding last year to collect at least
92 pct of their deficiency payments this year without planting.
    Danforth aide Austin Schlick said the bill was similar to a
provision included in a House Agriculture Committee-passed
emergency disaster assistance bill scheduled to be taken up by
the House tomorrow.
    Schlick said flooding destroyed a number of levees along
the two rivers last October, leaving farmland there vulnerable
to further damage this year.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5648>
U.S. exporters will have the
opportunity to sell an additional 300,000 tonnes of U.S. durum
wheat to Algeria under the Export Enhancement Program, EEP, the
U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    The department said the sales will be subsidized with
commodities from the Commodity Credit Corporation, CCC,
inventory and the subsidy will enable U.S. exports to compete
at commercial prices in the Algerian market.
    Algeria has already purchased 300,000 tonnes of U.S. durum
wheat under a previous export enhancement initiative announced
November 10, 1986, it said.
    Details of the latest initiative, including an invitation
for offers from exporters, will be issued in the near future,
the department said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6006>
U.S. Rep. Dan Glickman, D-Kan.,
chairman of the House Agriculture subcommittee on wheat,
soybeans and feedgrains, said he would today introduce a bill
to apply the so-called 0/92 concept to wheat and feedgrains
producers.
    Glickman told Reuters the measure would allow 1987 winter
wheat producers and 1988 feedgrains producers the possibility
of receiving no less than 92 pct of their income support
payments regardless of how much acreage they planted.
    He also said his bill would protect program participants
from reduced income payments in the event market prices rose
above the loan rate.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6079>
A proposal by two U.S. House
Democrats to target government farm benefits to small- and
medium-sized farms was warmly received by Democrats on a
House subcommittee today.
    "On balance, this is the best new idea I have seen," said
Rep. Dan Glickman (D-Kan.), Chairman of the House Agriculture
Subcommittee on Wheat, Feedgrains and Soybeans. "This is the
first hard constructive proposal coming out as an alternative
to the (Reagan) administration's farm proposal."
    The plan, offered by Reps. Tim Penny (D-Minn.) and Byron
Dorgan (D-ND), would raise target prices for wheat to 5.00 dlrs
per bushel and for corn to 3.50 dlrs. Producers could receive
deficiency payments on up to 80 pct of normal yield but not
more than on 30,000 bu of corn and 20,000 bu of wheat.
    The proposal also would require acreage reductions of 20
pct, eliminate generic certificates and prohibit persons not
actively engaged in farming from receiving program benefits.
    Dorgan said the bill would save 24 billion dlrs over five
years, protect family farms and eliminate government
accumulation of stocks because nonrecourse loans would be
halted.
    However, Rep. Pat Roberts (R-Kan.) said the measure would
"involve the federal government in deciding and defining who a
family farmer is."
    Roberts said the bill, for example, would restrict program
payments to 500 acres of wheat production in western Kansas.
    Other Republicans on the panel questioned how the bill
would determine if a person was actively engaged in farming and
therefore eligible for payments.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6081>
The European Commission is to consider
proposed new higher minimum standards for sales of durum wheat
into intervention stores, European Community sources said.
    They said a document drawn up by Commission officials
proposes a reduction in the maximum humidity level to 13 pct
from 14, an increase in the minimum weight to 78 kilos per
hectolitre from 76, a tightening of other technical standards
and introduction of some new ones.
    Current public stocks of durum wheat in the EC are 1.15 mln
tonnes, of which almost 1.12 mln are in Italy.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6114>
Light, scattered showers covered
winter wheat areas in the North China Plain in the week ended
March 14, moistening topsoils for wheat, just breaking dormancy
in most central and northern areas, the Joint Agricultural
Weather Facility of the U.S. Agriculture and Commerce
Departments said.
    In its International Weather and Crop summary, the agency
said southern winter wheat areas are in the early vegetative
stage. Above-normal February temperatures over the North China
Plain caused winter grains to break dormancy early in the
south.
     Moderate to heavy rains in southern Jiangsu, Anhui,
eastern Hebei, Hunan , Jiangxi, Fujian, and Zheziang, reversed
February's below normal precipitation pattern.
    The agency said the wet weather in these areas provided
ample moisture for rice planting and lessened the need for
irrigation. 
    Mostly dry weather in early-rice areas of Guanxi and
Guandong resulted in irrigation for continued rice planting, it
said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6127>
Secretary of Agriculture Richard
Lyng will meet with representatives from major grain exporting
companies today, and the subject of subsidized wheat to the
Soviet Union will likely be discussed, an aide to Lyng said.
    Today's meeting, set to begin at 1500 EST (2000 gmt), was
scheduled at the request of the exporters, the aide said.
    "The EEP (export enhancement program) is pretty obviously
one of the things they (the exporters) want to talk about, but
they haven't any agenda as far as I know," Lyng's aide said.
    Private industry export officials have met periodically
with Lyng to discuss farm policies and the export situation.
Whether this meeting will prompt any U.S. action on the issue
of whether Moscow will be offered export bonus wheat is
uncertain, the aide said.
    "I don't know what they'll tell us that we don't already
knwo, but we'll hear what they have to say," Lyng's aide said.
    The USDA official said that as far as he knows there has
been no further action on offering the Soviet Union wheat under
the EEP.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6153>
Dry weather covered most European
crop areas in the week ended March 14, except for those in
southwestern France, southern Italy, and Greece, the Joint
Agricultural Weather Facility of the U.S. Agriculture and
Commerce Departments said.
    In its International Weather and Crop sumary, the agency
said mixed rain and snow covered Greece.
    Winter grains in England, France, and northern Italy
remained dormant. Grains usuaually break dormancy in March.
    Winter grains in Eastern Europe usually break dormancy in
early April, it said.
    Showers improved irrigation supplies in winter wheat areas
of northern Pakistan and northern India, it said.
    Normally, wheat harvesting is well underwaty in central
India and just beginnning to the north, ending in most areas by
late April.
    Showers improved irrigation supplies in southern India,
reversing February's below-normal trend.
    Summer rice is usually in or nearing reproduction in most
southern areas, it said.
    In the Philippines, most rainfall was restricted to the
central islands, continuing February's drying trend in Luzon
and southern Mindanao.
    Locally heavy showers dotted Indonesia and Malaysia as
rainfall generally decreased eastward through the islands.
    In February locally heavy showers may have caused flooding
in Java, it said.
    The second cnsecutive week of dry weather stressed Moroccan
winter grains, approaching teh heading stage, the agency said.
    Light to moderate rain spread from northern Thailand to
Northern Vietnam as dry weather prevailed elsewhere in
Southeast Asia.
    Dry weather covered winter grain areas in western and
central Algeria, but soil moisture was likely adequate to meet
crop demands, it said.
    Light showers in eastern Algeria and Tunisia maintained
adequate moisture for crop growth, it said.
    Timely rains will be needed in the next several weeks as
winter grains advance through the critical reproductive phase,
the agency said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6209>
The House of Representatives
approved a bill to enable 1987 winter wheat and feedgrains
farmers hit by midwestern flooding last year to receive at
least 92 pct of their federal income support payments even if
they did not plant.
    The one-time pilot 0/92 program, designed to assist farmers
in Kansas, Oklahoma, Michigan and parts of Missouri, was passed
by a 304-100 vote and sent to the Senate.
    Although the bill includes a narrow version of the 0/92
provision endorsed by the Reagan administration, the U.S.
Agriculture Department withheld its support from the measure.
    USDA said the bill would discourage farmers from buying
crop insurance and fall short of the administration's proposed
broad-scale revision of farm programs.
    The bill would permit winter wheat producers prevented from
planting their 1987 crop last fall to receive 92 pct of the
deficiency payments they would have received.
    To be eligible, winter wheat farmers could not plant a
different crop on that land this spring, although they could
use the land for grazing or to plant hay.
    USDA estimated this provision would save 30 mln dlrs,
largely because of reduced crop forfeitures.
    The bill also would aid about 200 feedgrains producers
along the Missouri and Mississippi Rivers who were prevented
from planting crops this year because of residual damage from
last fall's flooding.
    In addition, the measure would require USDA to make full
payment to farmers eligible for emergency assistance approved
by Congress last fall.
    Currently, because claims have outstripped the 400 mln dlrs
in appropriated funds, USDA plans to offer farmers in the
region 74 cents for every dollar in disaster losses.
    The administration said it opposed the bill because, by
expanding the 400 mln dlrs in disaster relief, it would thwart
efforts to encourage farmers to buy crop insurance as an
alternative to federal disaster assistance.
    USDA also said the 0/92 provisions in the bill were
narrower than the administration's proposal to offer the option
to all major commodities and would produce insignificant
savings.
    USDA said the 0/92 option for 1987 winter wheat farmers
would produce a net savings of about 30 mln dlrs, while the
requirement to compensate fully disaster-struck farmers would
cost about 135 mln dlrs, which must be appropriated by
Congress. The feedgrains provision would cost about five mln
dlrs.
    USDA estimated the overall cost of the bill to be 111 mln
dlrs.
    In January the Senate approved a bill that would make 1987
winter wheat farmers eligible for disaster assistance payments.
    But the Senate bill would not offer the 0/92 option to
wheat and feedgrains producers or raise the 400-mln dlr ceiling
on the disaster assistance program.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6221>
Honduras has been authorized to buy
about 75,000 tonnes of U.S. wheat, about 15,000 tonnes of U.S.
corn, and about 6,000 tonnes of U.S. tallow under an existing
PL 480 agreement, the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    The department said it may buy the wheat, valued at 8.5 mln
dlrs, the corn, valued at 1.5 mln, and the tallow, valued at
2.0 mln dlrs, between March 24 and August 31, 1987, and ship it
from U.S. ports and/or Canadian transshipment points by this
September 30.
    The purchase authorizations cover the entire quantity
provided under the agreement, signed March 11.
 
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6239>
The U.S. Agriculture Department said
private U.S. exporters reported sales of 350,000 tonnes of corn
for delivery to unknown destinations during the 1986/87
marketing season.
    The marketing year for corn began September 1.
    This is the second day running that exporters have reported
corn sales to unknown destinations. Yesterday, they reported
sales of 150,000 tonnes to unknown.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6259>
From April through December 1986,
the Commodity Credit Corporation (CCC) issued 3.85 billion dlrs
worth of generic certificates and about 1.8 billion had not
been exchanged by January 1, 1987, the U.S. Agriculture
Department said.
    The department said an additional 4.3 billion dlrs in
certificates has been authorized for issuance during
January-August, 1987.
    These certificates will provide ample free supplies of corn
and wheat for the remainder of the crop year, the department
said in a summary of its Agricultural Outlook report.
    Freeing of stocks through certificates is making U.S. grain
more competitive on world markets, it said.
    The department said last summer, for example, certificates
were exchanged for 215 mln bushels of corn. This helped
increase marketable supplies, so farm-level corn prices
averaged about two dlrs per bushel -- somewhat lower than they
would have otherwise.
    The lower prices probably led to an increase in usage of 40
to 50 mln bushels, it said.
    The department said government spending on farm programs in
fiscal year 1987 is projected to fall half a billion dlrs from
1986's 25.8 billion dlrs.
    During 1988 and 1989, the cost escalation of the first half
of the 1980's will reverse. If current policy remains in force,
annual farm program spending by 1992 will be down from last
year's record by more than eight billion dlrs, it said.
    The department said the President's budget proposals for
1988-1992 would cut farm program spending an additional 24
billion dlrs.
    In 1987, foreign economic growth is expected to remain
close to 2.6 pct, the same as in 1986, but above the 2.4 pct
average of 1980-86, it said.
    Partially because of this improvement, U.S. export volume
is expected to rise in fiscal 1987 for the frist time in seven
years, the department said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6296>
Kansas Republican Congressman Pat
Roberts urged the Reagan administration to offer export
enhancement program, eep, subsidies to the Soviet Union.
    Speaking at a House foreign agriculture subcommittee,
Roberts said the U.S. has offered eep to China and Poland, and
should also include the Soviet Union.
    Rep. Roberts said there had been some talk that the issue
of an eep to Moscow had not been raised within the Reagan
administration recently because Secretary of State George
Shultz was out of the country.
    "That very well may be the case," said Tom Kay, U.S.
Agriculture Department Foreign Agricultural Service
administrator. However, Kay told Reuters later that his reply
to Roberts was not based on any particular knowledge.
    Rep. Roberts urged Kay to convey to top officials of the
USDA that some in Congress favor a wheat eep to Moscow.
    "I'd be delighted to deliver the message," Kay replied.
    Earlier, Kay had repeated Agriculture Secretary Richard
Lyng's statement last week that "the door is not yet closed on
an eep to the Soviet Union."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6326>
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard
Lyng told representatives of several of the largest grain
exporting firms and two farm organizations that he was not in a
position to comment on their request that the Reagan
administration offer subsidized wheat to the Soviet Union,
according to participants in today's meeting.
    "He (Lyng) simply told us he was not in any position to talk
about an EEP (export enhancement program) initiative to the
Soviet Union," said Glen Hofer, vice president of the National
Council of Farmer Cooperatives.
    Another participant in the meeting, who asked not to be
identified, said Lyng was "unresponsive" to the group's request.
    Participants in the meeting included Cargill Inc,
Continental Grain Co, Louis Dreyfus Corp, Union Equity
Cooperative Exchange, the National Association of Wheat
Growers, the National Council of Farmer Cooperatives, among
others, participants said.
    Deputy Agriculture Secretary Peter Myers and Under
Secretary Daniel Amstutz also attended the 30-minute meeting.
    Hofer described Lyng as "sympathetic but noncommittal," and
said he thought he detected "a sense of frustration" on Lyng's
part at not being able to respond more positively to the
group's urging.
    A grain industry representative said some participants were
"puzzled" by USDA's apparent reluctance to bring before the
cabinet council an EEP wheat offer to the Soviets.
    "There is a feeling that there is more receptivity (to the
idea) within the cabinet council now than there ever has been,"
this official, who asked not to be identified, said, referring
to an EEP wheat offer to the Soviets.
    This official said there was not a significant amount of
pressure being exerted by lawmakers on Lyng to make an EEP
offer to Moscow.
    Reminded that Senate Agriculture Committee Chairman Patrick
Leahy (D-Vt.) had written two letters to Lyng urging such an
offer, this official said Lyng had received virtually no phone
calls from lawmakers on the subject.
    But Hofer said other important matters at the White House,
rather than an absence of political pressure, might have
restrained Lyng.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6339>
Trade sources here confirmed earlier
tentative reports that Bangladesh had bought 200,000 tonnes of
optional origin feed wheat late last week and over the weekend.
    They said the Continental Grain Co, of the United States,
won the contract to supply the wheat from the EC and other
parts of Europe.
    It will supply 100,000 tonnes at a rate of 96.92 U.S. Dlrs
a tonne as a first consignment by April 7. It will supply the
remaining 100,000 tonnes at a rate of 93.42 dlrs by April 16.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6720>
The 1988 agriculture budget will
have to be cut by an additional one to two billion dlrs, the
chairman of a key house agriculture subcommittee said.
    Implementation of a 0/92 program, a tightening up of the
use of commodity certificates, and reconstitution of farms are
possibilities that will be studied to reduce farm spending,
said Dan Glickman, D-Kans., chairman of the House agriculture
subcommittee on wheat, soybeans and feedgrains.
    Speaking at the annual meeting of the National Grain and
Feed Association, Glickman said he learned this week from the
House budget committee that the agriculture committee will have
to reduce the fiscal year 1988 farm budget by up to two billion
dlrs from the 30 billion dlrs level already approved.
    Decisions on how to cut the farm budget will have to be
made very quickly in order to make any impact on the FY 1988
budget, Glickman added.
    Glickman also said his committee will not approve USDA's 
proposal to cut target prices by ten pct per year.
    "The administration's target price proposals are dead in
the water," he said.
    To cut the budget, Glickman said, "everthing is on the
table," except those moves that would reduce farmers' income.
    Glickman offered a list of possibilities that his committee
will study in order to cut farm spending.
    Implementation of a 0/92 program for 1987 winter wheat and
1988 feedgrains crops has been introduced by Glickman, which he
said would result in a 150-200 mln dlr savings for one year.
    Tightening up on the use of generic (in-kind, or "pik')
certificates will also be another option his committee will
study, Glickman said.
    While not committing himself for or against such action, he
said lawmakers have to examine recent government findings which
indicate certificates cost more than cash payments.
    Glickman said rules for the reconstitution of farms and
tightening up of the person definition for annual payment
limitations is another option and could save 100-200 mln dlrs.
    He also said increasing acreage set-aside requirements by
five pct for wheat and feedgrains at program sign-up was a move
that could save about one billion dlrs, but added that he would
not be in favor of such a change.
    Glickman also said that the Export Enhancement Program's,
EEP, spending authority of 1.5 billion dlrs is quickly being
used up, and Congress will have to decide whether to expand
this program while making cuts in other areas.
    Cuts in the EEP program are unlikely, he said.
    "I don't see right now that the EEP will be on the chopping
block," Glickman said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6744>
The National Association of Wheat
Growers, NAWG, board of directors is scheduled to meet
Secretary of State George Schultz and Undersecretary of State
Allen Wallis to discuss the Department's current role in farm
trade policy, the association said.
    NAWG President Jim Miller said in a statement that the
organization wanted to convey to Secretary Schultz the
importance that exports hold for U.S. agriculture and the
degree to which farmers are dependent upon favorable State
Department trade policies to remain profitable.
    "Foreign policy decisions of the U.S. State Department have
in the past severely hampered our efforts to move our product
to overseas markets," he said.
    Miller noted Secretary Schultz is scheduled to meet next
month with representatives of the Soviet Union, and the NAWG
"wanted to be certain the secretary was aware of our concerns
regarding the reopening of wheat trade with the Soviet Union."
    The annual spring NAWG board of directors meeting is held
in Washington to allow grower-leaders from around the country
to meet with their state congressional delegations and members
of the executive branch.
    The purpose is to discuss the current situation for
producing and marketing wheat and help set the legislative and
regulatory agenda for the coming year, the NAWG statement said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6751>
Jamaica has been authorized to
purchase about 56,000 tonnes of U.S. wheat under an existing PL
480 agreement, the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    It may buy the wheat, valued at 7.0 mln dlrs, between March
25 and August 341 and ship it from U.S. ports and/or Canadian
transshipment points by September 30, 1987.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6882>
Asked what the U.S. State
Department's policy is on offering subsidized wheat to Moscow,
Secretary of State George Shultz told a group of farm leaders
that U.S. products must be competitive in the world market.
    "If we are going to sell our products, whatever they may
be, wheat or anything else, then we have to meet the market,"
Shultz told the board of directors for the National Association
of Wheat Growers.
    "We have to be competitive. It's ridiculous to say that
somebody is going to buy your product if they can get the same
thing at a lower price somewhere else. They just aren't," he
said.
    "That is our approach in the negotiations with the Soviets,
and it must be our approach as we look at the American farm
program and try to figure out what we should do to make it
better," Shultz told the Wheat Growers.
    Schultz said that while he does not favor a situation that
would allow the Soviet housewife to buy food cheaper than the
American housewife, he realizes the importance of American
agricultural products being competitively priced.
    Speculation has been in the market for some time that the
United States is considering offering wheat to the Soviet Union
at subsidized prices.
    Soviet officials have said they would buy U.S. wheat if it
were competitively priced. Agriculture Department officials
have declined to take any official position on the issue.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6898>
Results were awaited on Egypt's
tender today for 200,000 tonnes of U.S. soft or white wheat for
April shipment under PL 480, private export sources said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6903>
U.S. Agriculture Undersecretary
Daniel Amstutz indicated the world wheat supply/demand
situation has become more bullish recently because of
developments in the world market and increased consumption.
    Speaking to a House Agriculture Appropriations
subcommittee, Amstutz cited three factors which have improved
the wheat outlook.
    He said world consumption of wheat is increasing by about
20 mln tonnes this year, primarily for feed use. There are also
reports from Australia, Canada and Argentina that plantings
have been reduced, he said. Furthermore, he cited reports of
greater than normal winterkill in the Soviet Union.
    "It seems reasonable to expect production and consumption
to be in far better balance than a year ago," Amstutz said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6909>
Brazil rejected all offers at
tonight's wheat tender, a Brazilian Wheat Board spokesman said.
    He said no date had been set for the next tender.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6946>
The Taiwan Flour Mills Association will
import 81,000 tonnes of wheat from Canada in calendar 1987,
unchanged from the 1986 level, an association spokesman told
Reuters.
    He said the total will be delivered in three shipments. The
first will be shipped to Taiwan between March 20 and April 20
and the other two will be made later this year, he said.
    The total wheat import target this year has been set at
700,000 tonnes, down from actual imports of 758,770 last year.
    Most of Taiwan's wheat imports come from the U.S., The
spokesman said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6960>
The Australian Wheat Board (AWB)
expects to sell about 900,000 tonnes of wheat to the Japanese
Food Agency this year after renewing its annual supply
agreement, AWB general manager Ron Paice said.
    Under the agreement, the AWB makes the wheat available and
sells into the Food Agency's regular tenders, he said in a
statement.
    He noted that the Board has sold more than three mln tonnes
to Japan in the past three years.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7062>
The results of a controversial study
of farm subsidies conducted by the Paris-based Organisation for
Economic Cooperation and Development, OECD, show Japan has the
highest agriculture subsidies in the world, and that dairy
farmers benefit more than any other commodity producers from
subsidies.
    Results of the study, which has not been released by OECD
because of objections from some countries, were provided to
Reuters by officials of several countries on condition they not
be identified.
    The OECD study calculates the level of farm subsidies for
the years 1979-81 using a new measure called the producer
subsidy equivalent, PSE.
    The study shows that on dairy products Japan's PSE, or the
amount of aid to farmers expressed as a percentage, averaged
83.3 pct over 1979-81, with the European Community at 68.8 pct
and the United States 48.2 pct.
    For wheat Japan's PSE averaged 95.8 pct, the EC 28.1 and
the U.S. 17.2. Japan's rice PSE was 68.8 pct compared to the EC
13.6 and the U.S. 5.4 pct, the OECD calculations show.
    In coarse grains, Japan's subsidies reached 107.1 pct
compared with 27.9 pct for the EC and 13.1 pct for the U.S.
Japan's beef subsidy was 54.9 pct versus 52.7 pct for the EC
and 9.5 pct for the U.S., OECD concluded.
    For sugar, Japan's PSE was 48.4 pct versus 27.9 pct in the
EC and 13.1 pct for the U.S., the study shows.
    The OECD calculated farm subsidies for other industrial
countries such as Canada, Australia and New Zealand but in most
cases the results were much lower than for the U.S., EC and
Japan, the sources said.
    Subsidies in Argentina and Brazil, two major developing
country producers of commodities, were not included in the OECD
work.
    Officials said they hope to persuade reluctant countries to
release the study soon, perhaps coinciding with the OECD
ministerial meeting in Paris during May.
    Some officials hope the OECD results will be used as a 
basis for negotiations during the Uruguay round of global trade
talks now underway in Geneva.
    British Agriculture Minister Michael Jopling during a visit
to Washington this week endorsed the OECD work as a starting
point for the Uruguay round negotiations on agriculture.
    He said the PSE calculations provide a tool to negotiate
down domestic farm support levels, which are a major cause of
the present crisis in world agriculture.
    However, the OECD study results are controversial because
they highlight the levels of assistance to farmers, officials
familiar with the study said.
    The U.S. Agriculture Department's Economic Research Service
recently published a study of farm subsidies in an attempt to
verify the OECD results and update them to 1982-84.
    In some cases the results were substantially different than
the OECD's, in part because farm policies in both the U.S. and
elsewhere had changed markedly by 1982-84 from the OECD base
period of 1979-81, U.S. officials said.
    For example, the USDA study found the United States
subsidies to corn producers were higher in 1982-84, at 25 to 49
pct, than in the EC, at zero to nine pct.
    French Maize Producers Association president Marcel Cazale,
citing the result of the USDA calculation for corn, told
reporters last week that the United States subsidizes its
farmers more than the EC.
    However, the sources said EC corn subsidies are probably
higher than the U.S. now because of increases since 1984.
    Officials of several countries have been asked to
contribute data to OECD so that the study can be updated to
1985 subsidy levels, a much more relevant measure of the
current world farm situation.
    The updated calculations, which may take several months to
complete, are expected to show substantial increases in U.S.
subsidy levels for sugar because the U.S. imposed restrictive
import quotas in 1982 as aid to the domestic industry.
    U.S. subsidy levels also are increased by the 1985 farm
bill, which sharply boosted government deficiency payments to
grain farmers and applied a marketing loan for rice, officials
added.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7215>
The EC Commission granted 25,000 tonnes
of free market barley export licences at today's tender and
80,000 tonnes of French maize, grain traders said.
    The maximum export rebate for barley was set at 137.25 Ecus
and for maize at 129.75 Ecus per tonne.
    All bids for wheat were rejected, they said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7326>
A statement yesterday by Secretary
of State George Shultz after he met with wheat growers that
U.S. agricultural products must be competitively priced was
significant in that he recognized the importance of the Soviet
market and the need for U.S. prices to be at world market
levels, U.S. grain trade industry officials said.
    They said that Shultz's comments, while not explicitly
endorsing subsidized wheat sales to the USSR, were noteworthy
because they were not negative towards such action.
    In response to a query on what the State Department's
position is on selling subsidized wheat to Moscow, Shultz told
the leaders of the National Association of Wheat Growers that
prices must be competitive if the U.S. is going to trade.
    The Soviet Union, the world's largest grain importer, has
bought no U.S. wheat for more than a year, complaining the
price was far above world market levels. A U.S. offer last fall
to sell the Soviets lower-priced wheat through the export
enhancement program, EEP, was also rebuffed due to the price.
    Shultz was said to be adamantly against the U.S. wheat
offer last year and has been reported to be one of the major
obstacles in making another subsidy overture to the Soviet
Union, grain industry sources said.
    Intense speculation the U.S. might make a fresh EEP wheat
offer to the Soviets has boosted grain prices significantly in
recent trading sessions. Kansas City hard wheat futures rose
another 2-1/4 cents by midday at 2.88-1/4 dlrs per bushel,
while CBT March wheat was up 1-1/2 cents at 2.92-1/2 dlrs.
    "I'm not sure this is an about-face, but it's clearly a
recognition that unless we're competitive, we won't sell to the
Soviet Union," said a lobbyst for a major commodity group.
    "We have to be competitive. It's ridiculous to say that
somebody is going to buy your product if they can get the same
thing at a lower price somewhere else," Shultz told the farm
leaders. "That is our approach in negotiations with the
Soviets," he said.
    If those comments do signal that the State Department is no
longer opposed to the U.S. selling wheat to the USSR under EEP,
it certainly improves the chances for an EEP wheat offer to
Moscow, an industry lobbyst said.
    National Wheat Grower's officials were taking a cautious
attitude towards the secretary's comments.
    "His comments were not discouraging, but they didn't in our
judgment promise any immediate action on EEP," an official with
the wheat group said.
    The Wheat Growers official noted, however, that "there is
significance in that fact that we haven't seen any significant
negative commentary on the idea of EEP wheat to the Soviets."
    In a meeting with exporters this week, Secretary of
Agriculture Richard Lyng refused to comment on their request
that the administration offer subsidized wheat to Moscow, the
officials said.
    An aide to USDA undersecretary Daniel Amstutz, who is
reported to be strongly opposed to EEP wheat to the Soviets,
said that the Shultz comments "are consistent with what he
(Shultz) has taught for years as an economist," but said they
don't necessarily relate to the Soviet Union.
    Amstutz could not be reached for comment, and an aide to
Lyng said Lyng would not comment on Shultz's statements.
    But trade sources were hopeful that the Shultz comments may
indicate some movement towards EEP wheat to Moscow.
    "If he didn't say no, then there's a chance. This is
potentially a positive development," a commodity source said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7471>
Secretary of State George Shultz has
decided not to oppose any U.S. wheat subsidy offer to the
Soviet Union and has left the final decision on whether to sell
subsidized wheat to Moscow up to President Reagan and the
Agriculture Department, a State Department official said.
    "Shultz feels like he fought the battle against a subsidy
last summer, and he's not going to the mat again. It's now
basically the USDA who has to make their decisions as to what
they want to do," the official said.
    If USDA decides to go ahead with a subsidy offer to the
Soviet Union, he said, "Shultz will not wage a vigorous
campaign against it. He might not come out in favor of it, but
he won't go to the President and voice his objections."
    In an official statement clarifying Shultz's remarks
yesterday to leaders of the National Association of Wheat
Growers, the State Department said, "Secretary Shultz expressed
his belief that whenever possible, U.S. grain should be
competitive on world markets, including the Soviet Union.
    The Agriculture Department is in the best position to
determine whether consideration should be given at this time to
extending to the Soviets a subsidy under the Export Enhancement
Program."
    Although Shultz will not oppose a wheat subsidy to the
Soviets, there remain obstacles to another subsidy offer to
Moscow, the State Department official said.
    "Everyone in the government agrees that if there is a
subsidy to be offered, we would not offer it unless we had a
firm commitment from the Soviets that they would buy."
    USDA does not want a repetition of last summer when the
USSR baulked at its offer of four mln tonnes of subsidized
wheat, the official, who asked not to be identified, said.
    The Soviets rejected the U.S. offer then on the grounds
that the 13 dlr per tonne subsidy was insufficient to bring
U.S. prices down to competitive levels.
    The Soviets want a higher subsidy offer this time, the
State Department source said.
    "What the Soviets want is something equivalent to the
lowest price being paid by anyone in the world," he said.
    The Soviets argue that they are the best customer of the
U.S. and that they are entitled to the best price, he said.
    Government and commodity sources also said there are
elements in the USDA, most notably undersecretary Daniel
Amstutz, who remain opposed to a wheat subsidy to the Soviets.
    "Subsidized wheat to the Soviet Union is still not a
foregone conclusion," the State Department official said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7545>
Three geographically diverse droughts
in Asia are being linked by some scientists to a
reintensification of the complex and little-understood El Nino
weather pattern, &lt;Accu-Weather Inc>, a commercial weather
forecasting service, said.
    Rice and wheat farmers in China, wheat and sugarcane
growers in Australia and tea planters in Sri Lanka all face
serious losses to their respective harvests unless rains arrive
in time to break the droughts, offical reports, government
officials and meteorologists said.
    Wen Wei Po, a Hong Kong daily with close Peking links, said
the drought is the worst in over 20 years and some provinces
have been without adequate rainfall for more than seven months.
    Rice planting is threatened in eight provinces, it added.
    Rainfall in the key farming provinces of Henan and Sichuan
was 70 pct below average during February, the lowest figure for
over 20 years, the paper said.
    The dry weather has cut stored water volumes by over 20 pct
compared with last March and lowered the water levels of many
rivers, it added.
    This has resulted in reduced hydro-electric power, causing
shortages to industry and households. The upper reaches of the
Yangtze are at their lowest levels in a century, causing many
ships to run aground, Wen Wei Po said.
    Unusually high temperatures have also been reported across
China, media reports said. The People's Daily said Sichuan has
recorded temperatures three degrees Celsius higher than average
since early February.
    The New China News Agency said the average December
temperature in Harbin in the northeast was six degrees higher
than last December and 14 degrees higher than December 1984.
    Severe drought is affecting about one-third of Sri Lanka
and threatens to reduce the country's tea crop, Ministry of
Plantation Industries officials told Reuters
    In Australia, concern is growing about below-average
rainfall levels in parts of the sugarcane belt along the
Queensland coast and in Western Australia's wheat belt, local
Meteorological Bureau officials said.
    For many farmers and government officials the fear is that
while the present low rainfall does not yet pose a major
threat, the prospect of a dry autumn/winter season when the
wheat crop is in its early stages certainly does, they added.
    Concern is heightened by the memory of the 1982/83 drought
which devastated the wheat crop and coincided with the
occurrence of the barely understood weather phenomenon known as
El Nino, they said.
    Although meteorologists are cautious about linking the
Asia-Pacific region's disrupted weather patterns to any single
cause, El Nino's role is being closely studied, they said.
    Accu-Weather Inc, which specialises in providing data for
agriculture and shipping interests, said each El Nino 'event'
was unique.
    The El Nino does not always produce the same effects and
the present occurrence is much less pronounced than the last
major event in 1982/83, it said.
    El Nino, Spanish for "Christ Child" because it appears around
Christmas, is formed by the action of warm air, bearing clouds
and rain, shifting from the Indonesian archipelago to the coast
of Peru, where it mingles with the cold waters associated with
the Peru current and returns across the Pacific as the trade
winds, meteorologists said.
    The winds, strengthened by El Nino's "pump" effect, raise the
sea level off Australia and Indonesia, they said.
    When the winds drop, the ocean, seeking equilibrium, sends
a surge of warmer water back across the Pacific where it
collides with the cold seas off Peru, they said.
    One effect of this heat exchange is to deflect the
rain-bearing clouds away from Australia and Indonesia into the
Pacific, where they further disrupt other weather patterns.
    The prospects for an end to the droughts vary, Accu-Weather
said.
    China, where the affected areas have received between 40
and 75 pct of normal rainfall, will have to wait for the
May-September rains, it said.
    The May-September rains normally provide the
drought-striken areas with 80 pct of annual rainfall.
    In Australia, areas of Queensland's coastal strip have
received less than half the normal rainfall during the current
wet season, but prospects for increased rains are diminishing
as the rainy season draws to an end.
    In Sri Lanka, the drought has come when rainfall should be
at its maximum for the year. The year's secondary rains usually
occur between April and June, although it is not possible at
this stage to forecast whether they will arrive as usual.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7934>
The Soviet Union's winter grain
crop is likely to have suffered losses due to dry planting
conditions last fall and severe cold this winter, an analyst of
world weather and crop conditions said.
    Grain analyst and meteorologist Gail Martell, author of the
EF Hutton publication "Global Crop News," said in her latest
report that the Soviets may import more grain, possibly wheat,
from the U.S. due to potential crop damage.
    "Compared with last year, the outlook (for the Soviet
winter grain crop) is far more pessimistic," she said. "But
it's still too early to talk about disastrous losses. A lot
will depend on spring weather, not only for the outcome of the
troubled winter grain crop, but also for spring planting."
    Martell said the dry weather conditions last fall probably
prevented optimal seed germination for winter grains. Key wheat
growing areas of the southern Ukraine and North Caucasus
received on 25-35 pct of autumn precipitation, she said.
    The bitter winter cold temperatures -- which broke record
lows that had stood for four decades -- also may have taken its
toll on Soviet winter crops, she said.
    However, she noted that most of the southern grain belt had
ample snow cover, which should have well-insulated the majority
of crop areas from severe frost damage.
    The USSR has already bought 20 to 21 mln tonnes of grains
in the July 1986/June 1987 marketing year, primarily from
Canada, the European Community, Argentina and Australia,
Martell said.
    She cited a number of reasons besides possible crop
problems that might point to additional Soviet import demand.
    Last fall's dry weather may limit livestock grazing on
moisture-depleted pastures, while the cold winter weather
necessitated supplemental feeding to keep livestock healthy.
    Martell was also skeptical of a Soviet claim for a 1986
grain harvest of 210 mln tonnes, and said the Chernobyl
accident may have contaminated more grain than originally
thought and have to be made up with imports.
    However, she said the U.S. remains a supplier of last
resort for the Soviet Union, noting that the Soviets have only
just recently begun their first U.S. grain purchases of the
1986/87 season by buying 2.25 mln tonnes of corn.
    Martell cited USDA statistics showing that since the 1980
grain embargo the U.S. is only a major supplier of grain to the
USSR during years of heavy Soviet demand.
    In 1984/85, the U.S. supplied 41 pct of record Soviet grain
imports of 55.5 mln tonnes. But in 1985/86, the Soviet Union
bought 29.9 mln tonnes of grain and turned to the U.S. for only
24 pct of that total.
    While the USDA Soviet import target for grain for 1986/87
was 22 mln tonnes, many U.S. grain analysts have revised their
estimates of Soviet imports up to 25-28 mln tonnes, she said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7957>
The Commodity Credit Corporation,
CCC, has accepted a bid for an export bonus to cover a sale of
6,000 tonnes of semolina to Egypt, the U.S. Agriculture
Department said.
    The department said the semolina is for shipment
April-October, 1987, and the bonus awarded was 224.87 dlrs per
tonne.
    The bonus was made to International Multifoods Corp and
will paid to the exporter in the form of commodities from CCC
stocks, the department said.
    An additional 7,000 tonnes of semolina are still available
to Egypt under the Export Enhancement Program initiative
announced August 1, 1986, it said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8003>
Total food aid needs in 69 of the
least developed countries declined in 1986/87, as requirments
fell in many countries in Africa, the Middle East and Asia, the
U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    In a summary of its World Agriculture Report, the
department said grain production in sub-Saharan Africa was a
record high in 1986, with gains in almost every country.
    However, food needs in Central America rose, worsened by
drought-reduced crops and civil strife.
    Record wheat production in 1986/87 is pushing global wheat
consumption for food to a new high, and higher yielding
varieties have been particularly effective where spring wheat
is a common crop, it said.
    However, may developing countries in tropical climates,
such as Sub-Saharan Africa, Southeast Asia, and Central
America, are not well adapted for wheat production, and
improved varieties are not the answer to rising food needs, the
department said.
    World per capita consumption of vegetable oil will rise in
1986/87 for the third straight year.
    Soybean oil constitutes almost 30 pct of vegetable oil
consumption, while palm oil is the most traded, the department
said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8179>
Australian wheat plantings are
forecast to fall to 10.40 mln hectares in 1987/88 from 11.72
mln sown in 1986/87, Australian Wheat Forecasters Pty Ltd (AWF)
said in its first preliminary crop forecast.
    But there was no reason to expect Australian production in
1987/88 would be less than the 16.5 mln tonnes of last year,
the private forecaster said, as crops in New South Wales and
Queensland suffered from poor yields last season.
    Most of the fall in plantings was expected in Western
Australia while state average yields would be assisted by
growers sowing wheat on fallows and rest paddocks, it said.
    The main reason for a low Western Australia estimate was a
poor profit outlook under cost, credit and yield pressures. But
in the eastern states the wheat area should hold up provided
that rainfall between now and June is not less than average,
AWF said.
    Although some farmers were saying they intended to cut back
wheat area by 20 pct, AWF said this was unlikely since they
needed cash flow and there were problems with alternative
crops.
    "The lack of statutory marketing for oilseeds, pulses and
oats is a cause for concern if those crops are to comprise a
high proportion of growers' income," AWF said.
    AWF's state area forecasts in mln hectares, with 1986/87
production in mln tonnes, are as follows (crop forecasts were
not given for the new wheat year)
                   Area         Crop
             1987/88  1986/87  1986/87
 Queensland    0.82     0.82     0.95
 N.S.W.        3.07     3.17     4.40
 Victoria      1.53     1.63     3.25
 S.Australia   1.45     1.64     2.30
 W.Australia   3.53     4.46     5.60
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8273>
Sen. David Pryor, D-Ark., said
he was considering amending the Senate Finance Committee's
trade bill with a provision to require a marketing loan for
soybeans, corn and wheat.
    Pryor told the Futures Industry Association that there was
great reluctance among members of the Senate Agriculture
Committee to reopen the 1985 farm bill, and that a marketing
loan might have a better chance in the Finance panel.
    The Arkansas senator said the marketing loan -- which in
effect allows producers to pay back their crop loans at the
world price -- had led to a 300 pct increase in U.S. cotton
exports in 14 months and a 72 pct increase in rice exports.
    Pryor serves on both the Senate Finance and Agriculture
Committees.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8413>
The Senate this week might take up
proposed legislation that could serve as a lightning rod to
expose broad initiatives to change U.S. farm policy.
    The Senate could consider a House-passed bill that would
allow wheat and feedgrains farmers to receive at least 92 pct
of their income support payments if flooding last year
prevented, or will prevent, them from planting their 1987
crops, Senate staff members told Reuters.
    Also pending is a bill extend the life of the National
Commission on Dairy Policy.
    Sen. Rudy Boschwitz, R-Minn., intends to offer an amendment
to one of the bills that would suspend the minimum planting
requirement for all 1987 wheat, feedgrain, cotton and rice
producers, an aide said.
    Under current law, producers must plant at least 50 pct of
their base acreage to be eligible for 92 pct of their
deficiency payments.
    Most major U.S. farm groups have lobbied hard against
making any fundamental changes in the 1985 farm bill out of
fear a full-scale debate could expose agricultural problems to
budget-cutting pressures.
    Representatives of these farm groups have said they also
fear efforts by Midwestern Democrats to force a floor vote on a
bill that would require large acreage set-asides in return for
sharply higher support prices.
    However, Sen. Tom Harkin, D-Iowa, sponsor of the bill, told
Reuters he did not intend to offer his measure as a floor
amendment but to bring it through the committee.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8535>
U.S. Agriculture undersecretary Dan
Amstutz indicated the United States is willing talk with the
Soviet Union about the competitiveness of U.S. wheat prices but
would not discuss making U.S. wheat prices "cheap."
    "There sometimes is a difference between being competitive
and being cheap," Amstutz told a Senate Agriculture
Appropriations hearing.
    Amstutz said the difference of opinion between Moscow and
Washington last summer on the level of the U.S. subsidy offered
on wheat to the Soviet Union, was over whether the U.S. wheat
price was competitive or cheap.
    "I think there is a (U.S.) willingness to explore this
issue as it pertains to competitiveness," Amstutz said.
    However, Amstutz added that the United States would not be
willing to discuss wheat prices with Moscow "if the issue is
being cheap."
    Asked later by a reporter what he meant by the distinction
between competitive and cheap, Amstutz would not elaborate.
    Amstutz said it is the U.S. judgment that the long-term
grain agreement between the two countries calls for Moscow to
buy at least four mln tonnes each of wheat and corn annually at
"prices in effect in this country."
    Amstutz made the comments in response to a question from
Sen. Charles Grassley, R-Iowa, about expanding the export
enhancement program to include grain sales to the Soviet Union.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8604>
Britain and Australia have offered a
total of 129,250 tonnes of wheat to Bangladesh as grants to
contain rising cereal prices and help support rural employment
projects, officials said.
    They said 79,250 tonnes of wheat promised by Britain would
be shipped next week and used for the government's "Food for
Work" program in the villages.
    Under the program, workers building roads, digging
irrigation canals and engaged in other rural development
activities get their daily wages in wheat instead of money.
    The 50,000 tonnes of Australian wheat would arrive in
Bangladesh next month and be sold under open-market operations
designed to stop price increases, the officials said.
    Prices of rice and wheat have risen at least 15 pct in the
past month, market sources said. But the government expects
prices to fall after the wheat harvest next month.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8759>
Rice and corn farmers will receive
the largest payments from the U.S. government during 1987 if
the subsidies are calculated per planted acre, the U.S.
Agriculture Department said.
    USDA said government outlays to rice farmers in 1987 are
expected to reach 403 dlrs per acre planted, followed by corn
at 135 dlrs per planted acre. Government outlays include mainly
deficiency payments and price support loans.
    On a per acre basis, cotton payments will reach 73.24 dlrs
in 1987, wheat 60.30 dlrs, sorghum 54.38 dlrs, barley 27.41
dlrs and oats 2.31 dlrs, USDA said.
    USDA estimates farm subsidies will reach 25.3 billion dlrs
in 1987. The figures were given by USDA officials at a Senate
Agriculture Appropriations hearing yesterday.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8993>
The U.S. Agriculture Department said
private U.S. exporters reported 200,000 tonnes of corn
previously to unknown destinations have been switched to the
Soviet Union.
    The corn is for delivery during the 1986/87 marketing year
and under the fourth year of the U.S.-USSR Long Term Grain
Supply Agreement.
    The marketing year for began September 1.
    Sales of corn to the USSR for delivery during the fourth
year of the agreement -- which began October 1, 1986 -- now
total 2,600,000  tonnes, it said.
    In the third agreement year sales totaled 6,960,700 tonnes
-- 152,600 tonnes of wheat and 6,808,100 tonnes of corn.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9021>
The Commodity Credit Corporation
(CCC) has switched 25.0 mln dlrs in wheat credit guarantees to
Jordan under the Export Credit Guarantee Program to the
Intermediate Export Credit Guarantee Program, the U.S.
Agriculture Department said.
    The switch reduces the total value of GSM-102 guarantees
for the current fiscal year to 30.0 mln dlrs.
    The credit terms extended for export sales under the
Intermediate Export Credit Guarantee Program (GSM-103) must be
in excess of three years but not more than seven years.
    All sales must be registered and exports completed by
September 30, 1987, the department said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9095>
Sri lanka will tender overnight for
52,500 tonnes of U.S., Canadian and/or Australian wheats for
April 8/16 shipment, under the Export Enhancement Program if
U.S. origin, U.S. exporters said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9782>
The International Wheat Council (IWC)
lifted its estimate for 1986/87 world wheat and coarse grain
production by one mln tonnes to a record 1,377 mln, compared
with 1,351 mln tonnes the previous season.
    In its monthly market report, the IWC said it is leaving
unchanged its forecast of world wheat production for the coming
1987/88 season at between 520 and 530 mln tonnes against a
record 534 mln in 1986/87. The one mln tonne upward revision in
1986/87 wheat production reflects several minor adjustments.
The IWC raised the 1986/87 coarse grain trade figure two mln to
87 mln tonnes. It left wheat trade unchanged at 86 mln.
    The IWC 1986/87 estimate for world trade in wheat and
coarse grain is thus estimated two mln tonnes higher at 173 mln
against 169 mln the previous season with the forecast three mln
rise in Soviet imports offset by small reductions elsewhere.
    The IWC said the area harvested for wheat in 1987/88 is
likely to be down from last year as low world prices and
restrictive national policies measures begin to take effect.
    At least four of the five major exporters expect to see a
drop in wheat sowings without offset in other countries. There
is still potential for even higher average wheat yields but the
IWC said there are increasing signs world output may level off.
    Although it is still early to assess the coarse grain
outlook, the IWC said barley acreage is likely to fall in the
European Community but increase in Canada. U.S. Maize area is
expected lower but oat sowings could rise.
    After damage to its maize crop last year, the Soviet Union
plans to expand this area by as much as 50 pct to over six mln
hectares in a year when many frost damaged wheat fields are
likely to be resown to this and other spring crops. Improved
weather and a further increase in the use of intensive
cultivation methods could therefore see a marked rise in Soviet
maize output in 1987, the IWC said.
    Any reduction in world coarse grain output would be
bolstered by the large carryover stocks from 1986/87, the IWC
said.
    It left its estimates of wheat and coarse grain stocks at
end&#127;of different marketing years unchanged at 178 and 210 mln
tonnes, respectively, against 160 and 167 mln a year earlier.
    After record world durum wheat production of 218.8 mln
tonnes last season, the IWC said there are already signs of
another large crop this coming season with higher output
expected in the EC, Canada, the U.S. And North Africa.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9793>
Efforts by governments to control wheat
surpluses by cutting support prices have met with only partial
success, the International Wheat Council (IWC) says in its
latest monthly report.
    Faster results could be achieved by a policy of reducing
both price and areas, as employed in the United States, the IWC
says in a survey of support prices in the five main wheat
exporters - Argentina, Australia, Canada, the EC and the U.S.
    In some countries, for example Australia and Argentina,
which are highly dependent on wheat shipments for export
income, there may be problems in reducing production.
    A policy of cutting wheat production could lead to
unemployment, with job prospects outside agriculture limited.
Alternative crops may offer inferior returns which could then
lead to lost export revenue and balance of payments problems.
    The IWC outlines three courses of action open to
governments in wheat exporting countries.
    They could continue to support prices in the hope that when
the world economy improves demand for wheat will rise and
surpluses wil be reduced or eliminated.
    Alternatively, support could be limited to wheat which
could be easily sold, without needing to be stored for a long
period.
    This option may prove to be the most politically
unattractive and would result in many producers abandoning
wheat production, the report said.
    The third option would be for governments to distinguish
between the commercial and social aspects of agriculture,
possibly varying support prices according to farm size or
overall production.
    The IWC review covers support prices in the major exporting
countries since 1982. At some time during that period all the
producers cut support prices in response to growing surpluses.
    These changes did not always result in lower export
subsidies as on several occasions currency fluctuations more
than offset lower prices in the domestic currency.
    For example between 1985/86 and 1986/87 the EC intervention
price for bread wheat fell from 209.30 to 179.44 European
currency units (Ecus). It dollar terms, the currency in which
most export transactions are denominated, the intervention
price however rose to 193 dlrs from 168. The high cost of
supporting farm prices has put a strain on national exchequers
and some governments are now searching for ways to cut
expenditure, the report says.
    The proportion of world wheat output produced by the five
major exporters declined in the period covered by the survey
from 40 pct in 1982 to 35 pct in 1987. This was partly due to
increased production in China and India.
    The period saw an upward trend in yields, although this was
countered in the Argentina, the U.S. And Australia by lower
acreages.
    In Argentina a reduction in the sown area of about 20 per
cent was put down to low prices causing producers to switch to
other enterprises, particularly livestock while lower U.S.
Acreages are attributed to official incentives.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9865>
French operators have requested licences
to export 675,500 tonnes of maize, 245,000 tonnes of barley,
22,000 tonnes of soft bread wheat and 20,000 tonnes of feed
wheat at today's European Community tender, traders said.
    Rebates requested ranged from 127.75 to 132.50 European
Currency Units a tonne for maize, 136.00 to 141.00 Ecus a tonne
for barley and 134.25 to 141.81 Ecus for bread wheat, while
rebates requested for feed wheat were 137.65 Ecus, they said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
