<BODY DOCID=425>
The volume of contracts traded on the
New Zealand Futures Exchange (NZFE) reached a record 25,559
contracts in February, the International Commodities Clearing
House (ICCH) said.
    The previous high was 22,583 contracts in December 1986.
    The ICCH said the value of the contracts traded in February
was 2.90 billion N.Z. Dlrs.
    The seven contracts currently traded on the NZFE are:
five-year government bonds, the share price index, 90-day bank
bills, 90-day prime commercial paper, the U.S. Dollar,
crossbred wool, and wheat.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12502>
Mauritius has lifted import duties on
textiles and other goods connected with the textile industry as
part of its economic liberalisation programme, Finance Minister
Vishnu Lutchmeenaraido said.
    Lutchmeenaraido said the move was aimed at boosting the
local textiles industry and making this Indian Ocean island a
shopping paradise for textile goods. He said all types of
textiles, textile machinery and associated goods such as sewing
thread, buttons and collar supports would be placed on the
duty-free list, effective from April 1.
    Official sources said the government was also planning to
abolish import duties on fertiliser and agricultural equipment,
with the liberalisation measures would be extended to other
areas of industry later.
    The textiles industry dominates Mauritius's Export
Processing Zone, and the island has become a major exporter of
woollen knitwear.
 Reuter
</BODY>
