<BODY DOCID=1965>
Belgian wholesale prices fell by 5.9
pct in January from a year earlier after a 5.7 pct year on year
fall in December, figures from the economics ministry show.
    A ministry spokesman said the wholesale price index, base
1953 and excluding value added tax, stood at 250.9 in January.
This compared with 251.9 in December, 265.5 in Janua~y, 1986
and 267.2 in December, 1985.
    In January 1986, wholesale prices were 3.9 pct lower than a
year earlier.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12429>
India's credit policy package for
fiscal 1987/88 (April-March) will help ease inflationary
pressures and control the growth of overall liqudity, the
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said in a statement.
    The package, announced earlier this week, will raise
commercial bank statutory liquidity ratios to 37.5 pct from 37
pct, effective April 25, and will increase cash reserve ratios
on foreign currency (non-resident) accounts to 9.5 pct from
three pct, effective May 23, it said.
    Excess liquidity pushed wholesale and consumer retail
prices higher in 1986/87 on previous year levels, RBI governor
R. N. Malhotra said in a statement.
    Malhotra said India's M-3 money supply grew 209.24 billion
rupees in the fiscal year to March 13, compared to a growth of
155.38 billion in the same period the year before.
    Commercial bank aggregate deposits rose to 164.10 billion
in the same period, against 120.66 billion in the corresponding
months of fiscal 1986/87, he said.
    The Finance Ministry in a report issued in February
predicted India's fiscal 1986/87 wholesale price-linked
inflation rate at about 6.5 pct against 3.8 pct in 1985/86.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13232>
South Korea's wholesale price index, base
1980, rose 0.2 pct to 125.1 in March after a 0.2 pct rise in
February but was 0.6 pct lower than its March 1986 level, the
Bank of Korea said.
    The March consumer price index, same base, rose 0.5 pct to
146.0 after a 0.1 pct gain in February, for a year-on-year rise
of 1.7 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4634>
West German wholesale prices fell 0.4
pct in February from January to stand 6.9 pct lower than in
February 1986, the Federal Statistics Office said.
    In January wholesale prices rose 0.8 pct from December to
stand 8.6 pct below their level in January 1986.
    Wholesale price declines were led by starch products, down
13 pct, light heating oil 11 pct lower, heavy heating oil 10
pct lower and green coffee down 6.9 pct.
    Among higher wholesale prices were those for fresh
vegetables, up 17 pct, fresh fruit up 12 pct and eggs up 8.9
pct, the statistics office said in a statement.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4641>
Swiss wholesale prices fell by 0.3 pct in
February, giving a drop of 4.3 pct from February 1986, the
Federal Office of Industry, Trade and Labour said.
    Prices had been unchanged in January, giving an annual drop
of 4.6 pct. They fell by 2.6 pct in the year to February 1986.
    The wholesale price index, base 1963, stood at 168.5 in
February from 176.1 last year.
    The office said the fall was largely due to lower prices
for energy, raw materials and semi-finished goods. Consumer
goods prices rose slightly.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4660>
South African year-on-year producer
price inflation fell to 14.9 pct in January against 16.4 pct in
December, Central Statistics Office figures show.
    The all items index (base 1980) rose a monthly 0.8 pct in
January to 233.9, after also rising 0.8 pct in December to
232.1.
    A year ago the index stood at 203.6 and year-on-year
producer price inflation at 22.2 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4744>
The U.S. Producer Price Index for
finished goods rose 0.1 pct on a seasonally adjusted basis in
February, the Labor Department said.
    The increase came after a 0.6 pct increase in producer
prices in January.
    Higher energy prices were primarily responsible for the
increase in February, though they rose at a slower pace than
they had in January, the department said.
    The finished goods index was up 0.1 pct from its February,
1986 level.
    Before seasonal adjustment, the index for finished goods
stood at 292.3 over its 1967 base of 100.
    Among finished goods, the index for energy products rose
four pct in February after a 9.8 pct increase in January. But
price increases slowed sharply for gasoline and home heating
oil, the department said.
    There were some price declines, including a 3.4 pct fall
for passenger cars and 1.3 pct for light trucks from January
levels. This reflected expanded factory-financed rebates and
discount loan programs, the department said.
    Before seasonal adjustment, the index for finished goods
stood at 292.3 over its 1967 base of 100.
    Among finished goods, the index for energy products rose
four pct in February after a 9.8 pct increase in January. But
price increases slowed sharply for gasoline and home heating
oil, the department said.
    There were some price declines, including a 3.4 pct fall
for passenger cars and 1.3 pct for light trucks from January
levels. This reflected expanded factory-financed rebates and
discount loan programs, the department said.
    The index for consumer foods fell 0.5 pct after a 1.8
pct drop in January as vegetables, pork and coffee cost less.
The index for intermediate goods rose 0.5 pct following a sharp
0.9 pct rise in January.
    The department said that energy prices again were the main
reason, with the index for intermediate energy up 2.7 pct.
    Gasoline and diesel fuel prices were about five pct higher,
half the 10 pct jump recorded in January.
    The durable manufacturing materials index edged down 0.1
pct last month after jumping 1.0 pct in January as prices for
steel, precious metals and copper stabilized.
    The department said lead and zinc prices fell, while
hardwood lumber and cement cost more. The crude materials index
rose 1.8 pct in February after a 2.9 pct rise in January. Crude
energy materials were up 2.6 pct, much less than the 10 pct
rise in January. Crude petroleum prices rose 4.4 pct last month
after a sharp 19.7 pct rise in January.
    Price rises accellerated for logs and timber and tobacco,
but fell for cotton, metal ores and copper and aluminum scrap.
    Among finished goods, gasoline rose 5.5 pct after a 15.7
pct January increase, and fuel oil was up three pct in February
after an 18.0 pct increase in January.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4787>
Norway's wholesale price index (base 1981)
rose 0.5 pct in February to 136.0 after a 1.7 pct rise in
January to 135.0, the Central Bureau of Statistics said.
    The year on year increase for February was 7.9 pct compared
with 5.7 pct in January and 2.2 pct in February 1986, it added.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4944>
U.S. February reports reflecting slim
gains in industrial output and moderating inflation pressures
reinforced expectations that the Federal Reserve will continue
to follow a stable course of monetary policy, economists said.
    "If you're the Fed, there's no reason to do anything," said
Steve Slifer of Lehman Government Securities Inc.
    "There are hints that GNP is picking up. On the inflation
front, all is well," he said. "Money supply is well under
control. It's an absolutely ideal situation."
    February U.S. industrial production rose 0.5 pct, slightly
less than the 0.7 pct gain the financial markets had expected.
This compared with a slim 0.1 pct rise in January's production
number, previously reported as a 0.4 pct increase.
    The February U.S. producer price index gained only 0.1 pct,
less than a 0.3-0.4 pct expected rise. This followed a 0.6 pct
rise in the PPI in January.
    "The Fed is going to look at this positively," said Allan
Leslie of Discount Corporation. "Certainly inflation is not as
bad as what Volcker (Fed Chairman) has said lately. Industrial
production growth is along the lines of what the Fed wants."
    The energy products component of PPI rose 4.0 pct in
February, after a 9.8 pct increase in January.
    "This shows that the impact of energy prices on inflation
is behind us in terms of the move from 15 dlrs to 18 dlrs per
barrel," said Maria Ramirez of Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. "The
trend is still 3.5 pct in the first half of the year."
    In 1986, declining energy prices contributed to a 2.5 pct
decline in the PPI.
    Economists said that a rise in energy prices was expected,
but a sharp drop in auto prices was not. Passenger car prices
fell 3.4 pct and light truck prices dropped 1.3 pct.
    Yesterday, Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker said that
a possibility of renewed inflation remains a concern in both
the financial markets and the Federal Reserve.
    "The Fed may be lowering its own inflation expectations
today," said Robert Brusca of Nikko Securities International.
    While low inflation permits the Fed to maintain an easier
monetary policy, Brusca said if import prices do not rise this
could necessitate a weaker dollar.
    "The outlook for the dollar is still up in the air," he
said. "We need inflation for U.S. producers to compete with
foreign producers."
    Brusca said prices of electronic equipment dropped 0.8 pct
in February's PPI. With many electronic goods produced
overseas, this may show that foreign producers are not raising
prices which bodes ill for U.S. competitiveness, he said.
    If further dollar declines are needed, this could diminish
overseas investment in U.S. debt, Brusca added, which might
necessitate higher interest rates and lower bond prices.
    By contrast, Slifer said imported goods prices rose 11.8
pct from first quarter 1985 to first quarter 1986 reflecting to
a large degree a 22 pct drop in the trade-weighted real value
of the dollar from February 1985 to February 1987.
    Slifer said import prices may rise further as
manufacturers' contracts put in place before the dollar dropped
to current levels expire, and new contracts are made that
reflect a weaker dollar.
    David Wyss of Data Resources Inc noted that imported
manufactured goods prices rose 8.5 pct at an annual rate in the
second half of 1986, which has contributed to rising U.S.
industrial output.
    "It's the other side of the lower dollar," Wyss said.
"Producers are beginning to find themselves more competitive
and they are increasing output."
    Wyss said that the latest data point to an average
industrial production gain of 0.3-0.4 pct in the first quarter.
"It's an encouraging sign that the manufacturing sector is
beginning to revive."
    But Stephen Roach of Morgan Stanley and Co Inc was not 
convinced that the February reports portend economic gains. He
said much of the strength came from factors that do not point
to a sustained rise in industrial output.
    Roach pointed out that stikers returning to work in farm
equipment industries helped account for a one pct rise in
February business equipment production.
    Utilities output rose 0.7 pct in February after gaining 1.2
pct in January, but Roach said it shows mostly that more energy
was produced, not that manufacturing activity gained.
    Finally, he pointed out that auto production accounted for
half of the industrial production gain as production of auto
assemblies rose to 8.3 million units at an annual rate from 7.5
million units.
    "In the first quarter, it looks like automakers are
producing at an 8.5 mln unit annual rate, but selling at
roughly a seven mln unit rate," Roach said. "The disparity
between output and sales is showing up in inventories."
    Economists pointed to sharp rise in January U.S. business
inventories as a sign that production may be outstripping
demand in the first quarter of 1987.
    January business inventories rose 0.9 pct, the largest gain
since July 1979 when inventories rose 1.7 pct, the Commerce
Department said. Business sales dropped 4.5 pct in January, the
largest monthly sales drop on record.
    Nonetheless, economists do not expect the Fed to react to
month-to-month changes. "The Fed has been standing pat for the
last seven months," Ramirez said. "They will continue to stand
pat for at least the next couple of months."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5037>
Prices of wholesale finished energy
goods in the U.S. rose 4.0 pct in February after a 9.8 pct rise
in January, the Labor Department said.
    The Producer Price Index for finished energy goods fell by
20.9 pct in the past 12 months.
    Heating oil prices rose 3.0 pct in February after a 18.0
pct rise in January, the department said.
    Gasoline prices rose by 5.5 pct last month after a 15.7
pct January rise, the department said. Natural gas prices rose
1.8 pct after a 4.2 pct rise in January.
    Crude oil prices rose 4.4 pct in February, after a 19.7 pct
January rise and were off 21.3 pct from the year ago level.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5061>
Prices of wholesale finished energy
goods in the United States were up in February, rising by 4.0
pct after a 9.8 pct rise in January, the Labor Department said.
    The Producer Price Index for finished energy goods has
fallen 20.9 pct in the past 12 months.
    Heating oil prices rose 3.0 pct in February after a 18.0
pct rise in January, the department said.
    Gasoline prices rose by 5.5 pct last month after a 15.7
pct January rise, the department said. Natural gas prices rose
1.8 pct after a 4.2 pct rise in January.
    Energy goods at the intermediate stage of processing rose
2.7 pct in February after rising 3.5 pct in January and were
down 16.1 pct over the past 12 months, the Labor Department
said.
    Prices for crude energy goods, such as crude oil, coal and
gas at the wellhead, rose 2.6 pct last month after a 10.0 pct
January rise. They were down 11.6 pct from February 1986, the
department said.
     At the intermediate stage, liquefied petroleum gas prices
rose 10.1 pct last month after a 5.0 pct January rise and were
41.0 pct below prices a year earlier, the department said.
    Residual fuel prices rose 16.7 pct in February after a 13.4
pct rise a month earlier and were off 17.4 pct in 12 months.
    Electric power prices fell 0.3 pct last month, after a 1.3
pct January decline, and were down 3.6 pct from a year ago.
    Crude oil prices rose 4.4 pct in February, after a 19.7 pct
January rise and were off 21.3 pct from the year ago level.
    Prices of natural gas at the wellhead rose 1.8 pct in
February after rising 4.2 pct a month earlier and were 14.8 pct
lower than they were 12 months earlier, the department said.
    Coal costs were down 0.3 pct last month after rising 0.4
pct in January and were down 0.8 pct from a year ago.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5769>
Japan's overall wholesale price index
(base 1980) fell 0.1 pct in February from a month earlier to
86.4 for the second consecutive month-on-month fall, the Bank
of Japan said.
    Wholesale prices fell 0.6 pct in January from December.
    The index fell 9.1 pct from a year earlier for the 21st
straight year-on-year drop, the central bank said.
    The reduced month-on-month drop mainly stemmed from the
recovery in world crude oil prices, it said.
    On a customs-cleared basis, crude oil prices rose to around
17 dlrs a barrel in February from about 15 dlrs in January.
    The average value of the yen against the dollar rose 0.8
pct to 153.50 in February from 154.67 in January and was up
16.8 pct from 184.55 a year earlier, the bank said.
    The export price index in February fell 0.7 pct from a
month earlier reflecting price cuts in export products like
cars and precision instruments due to severe foreign
competition. The index was down 7.1 pct from a year earlier.
    The import price index rose 1.1 pct from a month earlier to
57.4 for the sixth successive month-on-month gain mainly due to
the continued strength of world crude oil prices. But the index
was down 29 pct from a year earlier.
    The domestic price index fell 0.1 pct to 91.9 in February,
its 24th straight monthly drop, mainly reflecting falls in
prices of home appliances such as colour televisions due to
severe sales competition at home. Lower edible oil prices added
to the decline.
    The index was down 6.7 pct from a year earlier.
    The domestic index marked its largest year-on-year drop of
7.1 pct in January since the central bank started compiling
such statistics in 1960 under its current system.
    Wholesale prices are likely to turn upward in March as
higher world crude oil and raw material prices are expected,
the bank said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5839>
The wholesale price index rose 1.1 pct
month-on-month in January 1987 after increasing by 0.3 pct in
December 1986, the national statistics institute Istat said.
    The index, base 1980 equals 100, registered 172.8 in
January compared with 170.9 in December.
    The January 1987 figure represents a fall over January 1986
of 1.7 pct after a year-on-year decrease in December 1986 of
2.5 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6371>
West German producer prices fell 0.3
pct in February from January and were 4.2 pct below prices in
February last year, the Federal Statistics Office said.
    In January, producer prices rose 0.2 pct from December, the
first monthly rise since October 1985, but they were down 4.4
pct from a year earlier.
    The Statistics Office said light heating oil producer
prices fell 22 pct in February from January while heavy heating
oil prices fell 24 pct.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6975>
Finnish wholesale prices rose 0.2 pct
in February after a rise of one pct in January and a drop of
1.2 pct in February 1986, the Central Statistical Office said.
    Year-on-year wholesale prices fell 1.9 pct in February
after drops of 3.3 pct in January and 1.8 pct in February 1986.
    The wholesale price index, base 1980, was 136.5 in
February, 136.3 in January and 139.2 in February last year.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=7585>
Denmark's wholesale price index fell
0.5 pct in February, giving a year-on-year fall of 4.9 pct, the
National Statistics Office said.
    The index, base 1980, stood at 135 in February, a fall of
one point compared to January, against 142 in February 1986.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=8694>
Pakistan's consumer price index (base
1975/76) fell to 231.93 in January 1987 from 233.26 in December
1986, and compared with  223.66 a year ago, the federal Bureau
of Statistics said.
    The wholesale price index (same base) rose to 229.83 in
January from 229.06 in December and compared with  217.97 in
January 1986.
 REUTER
</BODY>
