<BODY DOCID=872>
The yen should stabilize at around
152 to 153 to the U.S. Dollar for about a year, the Bank of
Tokyo's economic adviser Koei Narusawa said.
    "Both sides are showing clear interest to secure stability
of the currencies. The major target of the Japanese government
is to maintain the yen at above 150, at least for the rest of
the year," he told reporters during a brief visit to Malaysia.
    Narusawa said the U.S. Is unlikely to push the yen up
further because this might spark off inflation and depress the
U.S. Economy before the 1988 presidential election.
    The yen is trading at around 153.70 to the dollar.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=1926>
The highly visible drama involving the
yen's sharp rise against the U.S. Dollar is obscuring the fact
that the Japanese currency has hardly budged against major
European currencies, thus creating a new set of exchange rate
distortions, Japanese and European research officials said.
    The officials, looking beneath the rhetoric of statements
by the Group of Five (G-5) industrial nations, told Reuters the
currency movements of the past two years are also creating a
fundamentally new world trade picture, which is throwing up new
trade tensions and imbalances.
    Trade figures show that the new currency alignments are
already changing the Japan-U.S. Trade axis into a Japan-
European Community (EC) axis, to the discomfort of Europe.
    In many ways, not least in terms of rare international
cooperation, the September, 1985 New York Plaza pact between
the U.S., Japan, West Germany, Britain and France to cut down
the value of the dollar was a historic one.
    But it is the underlying peaks and troughs of the major
currency movements which lay bare the real picture, in which
the Plaza pact appears as an event of prime importance, but not
necessarily central significance, the officials said.
    The officials said that when the Plaza agreement took
place, the dollar was already on its way down. The agreement
simply helped it on its way. Senior EC financial expert in
Tokyo Tomas de Hora has watched the movements closely.
    "You have to look at the dollar's peak compared with now,
and that was well before Plaza," he said.
    On February 25, 1985, the dollar peaked against the yen at
263.15 yen. On September 20, the Friday before Plaza, it was
242. Since then, despite massive Bank of Japan intervention and
periodic market frights about further G-5 concerted action, the
dollar trend has been down, down, down.
    Yet the ECU is now around 173.4 yen. The historical cross
rates for sterling and the mark tell much the same story. The
European currencies are moving back up against the yen.
    The close relationship between exchange rates and trade
flows makes it difficult to see which is driving which, but
undoubtedly the trade equation between the big three is
changing. In 1986, Japanese imports and exports with the EC
both grew by around 50 pct in dollar terms, five pct in yen.
This gave Japan a 16 billion dlr trade surplus.
    Last January, Japanese exports to the EC totalled half of
of sales to the U.S, against about a third in recent years.
    Trade with the U.S in 1986 rose 23 pct for exports and 12
pct for imports in dollar terms, but fell 13 pct for exports
and 21 pct for imports in yen terms.
    "The basic meaning for Europe is that Japanese firms have a
tremendous interest in exporting to Europe, where every unit
sold maximises profits in yen terms, which is what is important
to them. Suddenly, instead of the U.S., It is Europe that is
laying the golden egg," said de Hora.
    The EC is worried. EC business also had a remarkable year
in Japanese sales, but this can be explained partly due to its
start from a small base, compared with total Japan-U.S. Trade.
    The Japanese think EC firms are now more competitive than
U.S. Firms, a factor which is aggravating the exchange rate
imbalance, and which will cause problems.
    "This currency alignment between Japan and the EC is
reflecting the excellent performance of the EC countries. But
therefore, Japanese goods may keep their price competitive
edge," said Azusa Hayashi, Director of the First International
Economic Affairs Division of the Foreign Ministry. "If you want
my objective view, I don't expect a drastic improvement in our
trade imbalance. Last year, we asked for moderation in exports,
and this year we may have to do so again," he said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10364>
The 50-day provisional 1987/88 budget,
adopted today by the government, allows the Finance Ministry to
issue up to 14,600 billion yen worth of foreign exchange fund
financing bills, government sources said.
    Foreign exchange dealers said the yen funds would be used
to buy dollars, to prevent a further dollar fall.
    The government sources said the amount, covering the first
50 days of the year starting April 1, accounts for more than 90
pct of the 16,000 billion yen in bills incorporated in the full
budget.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10684>
Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone said
that Japan and other industrialized nations committed
themselves in Paris last month to stabilize the dollar above
150 yen.
    He told a Lower House Budget Committee in Parliament that
the six nations have taken measures, including market
intervention, to support the dollar above that level.
    Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa told the same committee
that the six - Britain, Canada, France, Japan, the U.S. And
West Germany - had intervened aggressively since the dollar
fell below 150 yen.
    Miyazawa said major nations are trying hard to stabilize
exchange rates.
    Asked if there had been any change in the fundamentals of
each nation since the February 22 Paris accord, he said he did
not think the fundamentals themselves had changed
substantially.
    But he said the market is sensitively looking at what is
happening in major nations. He did not elaborate.
    Miyazawa added that it was difficult to say why there has
been such speculative dollar selling in the market.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10689>
Japan is becoming dangerously isolated
again as the U.S. And Europe feel they have been cheated by
Japanese promises to switch from export to domestic-led growth,
officials and businessmen from around the world said.
    As the dollar today slipped to a record low below 145 yen,
making Japanese exporters and holders of dollar investments
grit their teeth harder, Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa said
there was a perception Japan had reneged on its promise.
    The problem goes deep and centres on misunderstandings by
both sides over the key Maekawa report of April, last year.
    The document was prepared by a private committee formed by
Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone and led by former Bank of
Japan head Haruo Maekawa. It recommended that to stop friction
due to its large trade surpluses, Japan must "make a historical
transformation in its traditional policies on economic
management and the nation's lifestyle. There can be no further
development for Japan without this transformation."
    Americans and Europeans took the report to heart and have
looked in vain for clear signs of this historic change. But the
Japanese remain doubtful about the short, or even medium term
prospects of totally transforming their economic habits.
    The bubble of frustration against what appears as Japanese
prevarication burst last week. The U.S. Said it intended to
raise tariffs of as much as 300 mln dlrs on Japanese exports to
the U.S. On the grounds Japan had abrogated a bilateral
semiconductor pact.
    British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher threatened to
block Japanese financial firms from London after the Japanese
placed what the British say are restrictive conditions on a bid
by British firm Cable and Wireless to join a domestic
telecommunications joint venture.
    On Friday, European currency dealers said European central
banks, annoyed at restrictive Japanese trade practises, might
leave Japan alone to intervene to staunch the rise of the yen.
    Eishiro Saito, head of top Japanese business group
Keidanren, spotted the dangers inherent in such contradictory
views last November when he visited the European Community.
"Related to this matter of (trade) imbalance, the point that I
found to be of great cause for alarm during this trip to Europe
was the excessive degree of hope placed by the Europeans in the
results of the Maekawa report," he said.
    "We explained that the process of restructuring the economy
away from its dependence on exports toward a balance between
domestic and external demand...Would take time," Saito said.
    Saito's words were ignored. In February, EC Industrial
Policy Director Heinrich von Moltke came to Japan and said "I
only know that your government, under the leadership of
Maekawa, points to restructuring your economy into a less
outward looking, more inward looking one. It is the Maekawa
report which has attracted the most attention in Europe."
    And Europeans and Americans want quick action. "A far better
answer than protectionism would be structural change within the
Japanese economy, the kind suggested by the Maekawa report. And
we hope to see changes occur in the near future," visiting
Chairman of General Motors Roger Smith said in March.
    Such expectations are now ingrained, which was partly the
fault of Nakasone, who heralded Maekawa's report as a sea of
change in Japanese affairs, said U.S. Officials.
    Months before the report was issued, U.S. And EC business
leaders met their Japanese colleagues to discuss the trade
problem.
    "We are more anxious than ever that the new approach of the
Maekawa committee does lead to speedy and effective action,"
said EC Industrial Union leader Lord Ray Pennock.
    "The important implication of the Maekawa report is that it
is finally looking to let Japanese enjoy the fruits of their
labour," said Philip Caldwell, Senior Managing Director of
Shearson Lehman Brothers.
    Contents of the report were leaded well ahead of issuance.
    Japanese officials say they are implementing the report as
fast as they can, said a European ambassador who has travelled
the country asking about this issue.
    He said People mentioned many things in line with the
spirit of the report, including restructuring of the coal and
steel industries.
    A major misunderstanding is that the private report was
government policy. Europeans are confused about this,
underlined by von Moltke's reference to the "leadership" of the
Maekawa report. Even so, Japanese officials point to last
September's government programme of new economic measures.
"Without endorsing the report as policy, officials point out
that the government has put its signature to a programme
designed to implement the report," the ambassador said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10696>
Remarks by Japan's Prime Minister
Yasuhiro Nakasone that last month's G-6 meeting agreed to
stabilize the dollar above 150 yen have come too late to
influence currency trading, dealers said.
    After Nakasone's statement the dollar rose to 146.40/50 yen
from an initial low of 144.20/40 and New York's Friday finish
of 147.15/25. But the rebound was largely on short-covering,
they said.
    "I think (Nakasone's) desperate," said a U.S. Bank foreign
exchange manager.
    Nakasone told a Lower House Budget Committee in Parliament
that Japan and other industrialized nations committed
themselves in Paris last month to stabilize the dollar above
150 yen.
    Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa told the same committee
that the six - Britain, Canada, France, Japan, the U.S. And
West Germany - had intervened aggressively since the dollar
fell below 150 yen.
    "His (Nakasone) remarks should have been made and should
have had a bigger influence when the dollar was still above 150
yen," said P.S. Tam of Morgan Guaranty Trust.
    Tam said the dollar has hit short-term chart targets  and
is likely to rebound. But he warned of another dip to below 145
yen.
    Dealers said the worsening trade relations between the U.S.
And Japan will continue to depress the dollar.
    The trade issue has now become a political issue since the
Reagan Administration is facing uproar in Congress over
th3pYgks in cutting the country's 169.8 billion dlr trade
deficit, they said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10718>
The Indonesian rupiah has held steady
since its 31 pct devaluation against the dollar six months ago,
but has slipped against the mark and to a lesser extent against
the yen, according to central bank figures.
    In the past month, the rupiah has fallen five pct against
the yen. Today's middle rate per 100 yen was 1,129.78 against
1,075.20 at end-February and 1,058.6 at devaluation in
September.
    Bank Indonesia's quoted rate for the dollar, the main
currency for Indonesia's oil and gas exports, was 1,644.0
today, the same rate fixed at the time of devaluation.
    The rate for the West German mark was 913.28 today, a sharp
drop from September when it was 786.06.
    The British pound has risen to 2,657.93 against 2,429.83.
   The value of the rupiah is set daily against a basket of
currencies by the central bank.
    The rise in the value of the mark and the yen has hit
Indonesia by increasing its debt servicing levels. Its total
disbursed foreign debt is estimated by the World Bank at 37
billion dlrs.
    Japan is one of Indonesia's key trading partners, taking
half its oil exports.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10762>
Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone said
that Japan and other industrialized nations committed
themselves in Paris last month to stabilize the dollar above
150 yen.
    He told a Lower House Budget Committee in Parliament that
the six nations have taken measures, including market
intervention, to support the dollar above that level.
    Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa told the same committee
that the six - Britain, Canada, France, Japan, the U.S. And
West Germany - had intervened aggressively since the dollar
fell below 150 yen.
    Miyazawa said major nations are trying hard to stabilize
exchange rates.
    Asked if there had been any change in the fundamentals of
each nation since the February 22 Paris accord, he said he did
not think the fundamentals themselves had changed
substantially.
    But he said the market is sensitively looking at what is
happening in major nations. He did not elaborate.
    Miyazawa added that it was difficult to say why there has
been such speculative dollar selling in the market.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10766>
Japanese Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa
expects the dollar to rebound soon, a Ministry spokesman said.
    He quoted Miyazawa as telling Japanese reporters that major
industrial nations are aggressively intervening in currency
markets worldwide to prevent a dollar free-fall.
    The minister believes that market forces will push the
dollar back up from its record low of 144.70 yen today,
according to the spokesman.
    Miyazawa told the Japanese reporters the U.S. Unit fell
because Japanese investors sold dollars to hedge currency risks
before the close of the 1986/87 fiscal year on March 31.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10769>
Bank of Japan governor Satoshi Sumita
said he does not expect the dollar to remain unstable and fall
further.
    He told a Lower House Budget Committee in Parliament that
the Bank of Japan would continue to cooperate closely with
other major nations to stabilize exchange rates.
    The central bank has been keeping extremely careful watch
on exchange rate movements since last week, he said.
    He said the dollar would not continue to fall because of
underlying market concern about the rapid rise of the yen.
    Sumita said the currency market has been reacting to
overseas statements and to trade tension between Japan and the
U.S. over semiconductors.
    The yen's tendency to rise will prevent Japan from
expanding domestic demand and undertaking necessary economic
restructuring, he said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10770>
Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa said
that the dollar's drop today to 145 yen is partly attributable
to the perception inside and outside Japan that the country has
failed to fulfill its promise to expand domestic demand.
    He told a Lower House budget committee in Parliament that
it was natural for other nations to think that Japan is not
doing enough because of the delay in the passage of the 1987/88
budget.
    The budget has been delayed by opposition boycotts of
Parliament to protest government plans for a new sales tax.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=10804>
The government is determined to ride out
the latest sharp rise of the yen without taking panic measures
because it expects the currency's appreciation to prove
temporary, senior officials said.
    "The market has already located a ceiling (for the yen) and
market forces are pushing the dollar back up a bit," one senior
Finance Ministry official said.
    He attributed the dollar's fall in recent days to special
factors, in particular, selling by Japanese investors ahead of
the March 31 end to their fiscal year.
    That selling largely came to an end this morning after
about one hour of trading here, the senior official said. "They
(the investors) became more or less quiet after 10 o'clock
(0100 GMT)," he said.
    After falling to a record low of 144.70 yen this morning,
the dollar edged back up in late trading to end at 146.20.
Dealers attributed the late rise to remarks by Prime Minister
Yasuhiro Nakasone that major nations had agreed to stabilise
the dollar above 150 yen.
    Several officials said they did not see any fundamental
reason for the dollar's recent sharp fall.
    One official even called the market's recent actions
irrational. If anything, the U.S. Decision to slap tariffs on
Japanese electronics goods should support the dollar against
the yen because it will cut Japanese exports to the U.S., He
said.
    As a result, several officials said they saw no reason to
alter the broad thrust of government policy agreed to at last
month's meeting of major nations in Paris.
    "We don't see any substantial reason to change our policy
stance," one senior official said.
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11203>
Today's liberalised financial markets are
making it extremely difficult for Japan's monetary authorities
to prevent the yen's rise against the dollar, but they have
several options other than normal intervention, Bank of Japan
sources said.
    A senior central bank official said that such methods as
controlling foreign exchange deals and invoking currency swap
agreements with other central banks, which have not been
invoked since 1978, are all being considered.
    "But the time may not be ripe," he said.
    "In this era of financial liberalisation, it's almost
impossible to control the flow of capital in and out of Japan,"
said another senior bank official.
    But the first official said: "From a technical viewpoint,
the Bank of Japan could activate swap agreements immediately
after other central banks involved agreed to do so."
    A swap agreement, an exchange of currency between two
nations, allows both sides to acquire a ready source of the
other's currency in case of need.
    "If the Bank invokes such swaps, both parties would announce
the decision jointly," said the first official.
    The sources said they believed the limit of currency market
intervention may be being reached after they saw recent
concerted market action by central banks of major industrial
nations was increasingly ineffective in propping up the
battered dollar.
    But intervention is at least an option, they said. Further
easing of monetary policy will be very difficult with an
official discount rate already at a record low of 2.5 pct, they
said.
    Bank of Japan Governor Satoshi Sumita has repeatedly ruled
out another rate cut due to fears it could revive inflation.
    One bank official said he could not deny the possibilty of
the Bank of Japan activating currency swap agreements with the
U.S. And other central banks, if these banks continue
intervening to sell the yen in support of the dollar and run
out of their yen cash positions.
    "But we don't think they have become short of yen quite yet,"
he said.
    The bank has established a five billion dlr swap limit with
the U.S. Federal Reserve and another 2.5 billion mark and 200
billion yen limit with the West German and Swiss central banks,
according to the sources.
    Foreign exchange dealers estimate the Fed had sold two
billion dlrs worth of yen from its own account to support the
dollar in New York last week.
    The central bank sources also said Japan may arrange other
currency swap agreements with Britain and France if they find
it necessary, but added they are not actually talking with each
other towards that end.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=11254>
The U.S. Is willing to drop tariffs on
Japanese electronic imports if Japan shows it will abide by an
agreemement opening its markets to American goods, U.S. Trade
Representative Clayton Yeutter said in a TV interview.
    "But there has to be a clear indication that they are
willing to act," he said.
    Yeutter said difficulties in the Japanese economy caused by
the U.S. Tariffs and the yen's rise against the dollar are
problems "they have brought on themselves."
    The dollar fell to 40-year lows against the yen today.
    "Certainly the movement of the yen is causing some economic
turmoil in Japan," he said. "My only response is that we have
gone through about five years with the dollar going in just the
opposite direction. Although I can sympathise, it's occurred
for only a few weeks or months in Japan."
    The tarriffs, announced on Friday by President Reagan, will
affect about 300 million dlrs worth of products, only a tiny
fraction of Japan's total exports to the U.S.
    Even so, Reagan's decision "doesn't give us any joy. We
don't want to take retaliatory action here if we don't have to,"
Yeutter said.
    Yeutter said the meetings scheduled next month in
Washington between Reagan and Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone
will include "some difficult items on the agenda."
    Japan has failed to implement two parts of a three-part
semiconductor agreement, Yeutter said.
    Japan has stopped dumping chips in the U.S. But it has
failed to open its domestic markets to U.S.-made chips and has
failed to end predatory pricing in Third World countries,
undercutting U.S. Products, he said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12145>
French Prime Minister Jacques Chirac
said that on financial issues, the United States and France had
"very close" views, and he said Treasury Secretary James Baker
was determined to support the February 22 Paris agreement on
stabilizing foreign exchange parities.
    "I was very reassured by the determination of Mr. Baker to
support this agreement," he said.
    He described the dollar's sharp fall against the yen at the
start of the week as a "passing incident" and added, "Everyone is
resolved to support the Paris accord."
    Questioned about his plan to help the world's poorest
countries, Chirac said he did not envisage any large-scale debt
write-offs.
    "I don't think we can talk of write-offs - even the poorest
countries have not asked for that," he said.
    Chirac said he wanted commercial banks to give third world
countries better terms in rescheduling their debts, and for the
International Monetary Fund to soften its conditions.
    "One cannot pity the banks - they bear a lot of
responsibility due to the encouragement they gave to these
countries to take on debts. Now the banks are complaining but I
do not weep for them."
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=12470>
The Bank of Japan intervened just after
the Tokyo market opened, buying dollars at around 147.65 yen,
dealers said.
    They were unsure of the amount of the central bank's
purchasing, but it seemed to prevent the dollar from weakening
against the yen amid bearish sentiment for the U.S. Currency,
they said.
    The dollar opened at 147.65 yen against 147.20/30 in New
York and 146.90 at the close here yesterday.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=13544>
The Bank of Japan intervened in early
afternoon Tokyo trading to support the dollar against active
selling by institutional investors and speculative selling by
overseas operators, dealers said.
    The central bank had also bought dollars against the yen in
morning trade.
    The dollar traded around 145.20/30 yen when trading began
in the afternoon here and weakened only slightly, the dealers
said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=14767>
News of an agreement among G-5 and G-7
finance ministers meeting in Washington this week will be key
to the direction of currency futures at the International
Monetary Market, but any such agreement will need to go beyond
the Paris accord to stem the recent rise in futures, financial
analysts said.
    "If they (the finance ministers) give the market something
really new to look at -- that is, some package that goes beyond
the Paris agreement -- you could have a real boost in the
dollar," said Shearson Lehman Brothers analyst Anne Mills.
    On the other hand, "anything neutral would tend to be
bearish for the dollar," Mills said.
    Traders and analysts agree a simple reaffirmation of the
Paris accord will not be enough to halt the decline in the
dollar, nor will central bank intervention.
    "A lot of people are looking for a reason to buy currencies
and sell the dollar," said one trader for a large retail firm
on the floor of the IMM.
    "If there is no concrete resolution, they will be looking
to sell the dollar, possibly down to the 1.80 mark level," he
said.
    Technically, most currency futures are poised for another
rise, said Smith Barney Harris Upham analyst Craig Sloane.
    Sloane noted that June yen futures set a new contract high
on Tuesday and closed at its best level ever, while June
sterling set a new contract high on Monday.
    "Everything seems to be coming to a head right now and you
don't need much to get things rolling," Sloane said.
    In particular, the June Canadian dollar, for which Sloane
recently put out a buy recommendation, has hovered in a range
between 0.7600 and 0.7660 in recent weeks, forming a triangle
on the charts from which it may soon break out on the upside.
    A close above the contract high of 0.7665 would signal a
breakout, Sloane said, and would likely mean the nearby
Canadian dollar contract would extend its advance to near the
0.7800 level. June Canadian dollar closed at 0.7656 Tuesday.
    Mills noted, however, that interest rate differentials
between Canadian securities and U.S. securities have narrowed
dramatically recently, with yields on 10-year Canadian bonds
only about 80 basis points above U.S. 10-year notes.
    What has helped the Canadian currency, she noted, is an
increasing proportion of foreign funds flowing into the
Canadian equity market, particularly from Japanese investors.
    Other analysts, however, said currency futures may be near
the top of their long-term rally.
    "Something will be done at the (G-5 and G-7) meeting to
calm people," said David Horner of Merrill Lynch Economics.
    The Paris accord has pretty much fixed where major European
currencies will trade, Horner said.
    But sterling futures may still make another run for new
highs, up to 1.6300 to 1.6500 dlr in the June contract, on the
positive atmosphere that will prevail before British elections
and possibly another interest rate cut, Horner said. The June
British pound closed at 1.6080 on Tuesday.
    Horner said that new boundaries for the trading range of
the yen are likely to come out of the G-5 and G-7 meetings.
    The most likely range will be a bottom for the dollar
between 140 to 142 yen per dollar and a top near 150 to 152
yen, Horner said. In yen futures, the bottom of the dollar's
range would be equivalent to 0.007100 to 0.007150 in the June
contract. June yen closed at 0.006913 on Tuesday.
    If such a range does emerge from the meetings, "we will
have one more rally in the yen," Horner said.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2190>
Commerce Dept. undersecretary of
economic affairs Robert Ortner said that he believed the dollar
at  current levels was fairly priced against most European
currencies.
    In a wide ranging address sponsored by the Export-Import
Bank, Ortner, the bank's senior economist also said he believed
that the yen was undervalued and could go up by 10 or 15 pct.
    "I do not regard the dollar as undervalued at this point
against the yen," he said.
    On the other hand, Ortner said that he thought that "the yen
is still a little bit undervalued," and "could go up another 10
or 15 pct."
    In addition, Ortner, who said he was speaking personally,
said he thought that the dollar against most European
currencies was "fairly priced."
    Ortner said his analysis of the various exchange rate
values was based on such economic particulars as wage rate
differentiations.
    Ortner said there had been little impact on U.S. trade
deficit by the decline of the dollar because at the time of the
Plaza Accord, the dollar was extremely overvalued and that the
first 15 pct decline had little impact.
    He said there were indications now that the trade deficit
was beginning to level off.
    Turning to Brazil and Mexico, Ortner made it clear that it
would be almost impossible for those countries to earn enough
foreign exchange to pay the service on their debts.  He said
the best way to deal with this was to use the policies outlined
in Treasury Secretary James Baker's debt initiative.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2286>
A Treasury Department spokesman
refused comment on statements by Robert Ortner, undersecretary
of economic affairs for the Commerce Department, that the
Japanese yen was undervalued.
    Ortner, senior economist at the Commerce Department, told
an Export-Import Bank conference "the yen is still a little bit
undervalued," and "could go up another 10 or 15 pct."
    Asked for reaction, a Treasury spokesman said officials
were aware of Ortner's comments but had no intention of making
any comment on them.
    Ortner, who stressed he was expressing personal views, said
he thought the U.S. dollar was "fairly priced"
against most European currencies and added "I do not regard the
dollar as undervalued at this point against the yen," he said.
    But the yen should go up 10 or 15 pct in value, Ortner
said, because it is undervalued against the dollar.
    The United States and major trade allies West Germany,
France, Britain, Japan and Canada met recently in Paris to
discuss maintaining stability in international currency values.

 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=2354>
The highly visible drama involving the
yen's sharp rise against the U.S. Dollar is obscuring the fact
that the Japanese currency has hardly budged against major
European currencies, thus creating a new set of exchange rate
distortions, Japanese and European research officials said.
    The officials, looking beneath the rhetoric of statements
by the Group of Five (G-5) industrial nations, told Reuters the
currency movements of the past two years are also creating a
fundamentally new world trade picture, which is throwing up new
trade tensions and imbalances.
    Trade figures show that the new currency alignments are
already changing the Japan-U.S. Trade axis into a Japan-
European Community (EC) axis, to the discomfort of Europe.
    In many ways, not least in terms of rare international
cooperation, the September, 1985 New York Plaza pact between
the U.S., Japan, West Germany, Britain and France to cut down
the value of the dollar was a historic one.
    But it is the underlying peaks and troughs of the major
currency movements which lay bare the real picture, in which
the Plaza pact appears as an event of prime importance, but not
necessarily central significance, the officials said.
    The officials said that when the Plaza agreement took
place, the dollar was already on its way down. The agreement
simply helped it on its way. Senior EC financial expert in
Tokyo Tomas de Hora has watched the movements closely.
    "You have to look at the dollar's peak compared with now,
and that was well before Plaza," he said.
    On February 25, 1985, the dollar peaked against the yen at
263.15 yen. On September 20, the Friday before Plaza, it was
242. Since then, despite massive Bank of Japan intervention and
periodic market frights about further G-5 concerted action, the
dollar trend has been down, down, down.
    Yet the ECU is now around 173.4 yen. The historical cross
rates for sterling and the mark tell much the same story. The
European currencies are moving back up against the yen.
    The close relationship between exchange rates and trade
flows makes it difficult to see which is driving which, but
undoubtedly the trade equation between the big three is
changing. In 1986, Japanese imports and exports with the EC
both grew by around 50 pct in dollar terms, five pct in yen.
This gave Japan a 16 billion dlr trade surplus.
    Last January, Japanese exports to the EC totalled half of
of sales to the U.S, against about a third in recent years.
    Trade with the U.S in 1986 rose 23 pct for exports and 12
pct for imports in dollar terms, but fell 13 pct for exports
and 21 pct for imports in yen terms.
    "The basic meaning for Europe is that Japanese firms have a
tremendous interest in exporting to Europe, where every unit
sold maximises profits in yen terms, which is what is important
to them. Suddenly, instead of the U.S., It is Europe that is
laying the golden egg," said de Hora.
    The EC is worried. EC business also had a remarkable year
in Japanese sales, but this can be explained partly due to its
start from a small base, compared with total Japan-U.S. Trade.
    The Japanese think EC firms are now more competitive than
U.S. Firms, a factor which is aggravating the exchange rate
imbalance, and which will cause problems.
    "This currency alignment between Japan and the EC is
reflecting the excellent performance of the EC countries. But
therefore, Japanese goods may keep their price competitive
edge," said Azusa Hayashi, Director of the First International
Economic Affairs Division of the Foreign Ministry. "If you want
my objective view, I don't expect a drastic improvement in our
trade imbalance. Last year, we asked for moderation in exports,
and this year we may have to do so again," he said.
 REUTER...
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3421>
U.S. authorities intervened in the
foreign exchange market to support the dollar on one occasion
during the period between the start of November 1986 and the
end of January, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York said in a
report.
    The Fed's quarterly review of foreign exchange operations
said that the U.S. bought 50 mln dlrs through the sale of yen
on January 28. This operation was coordinated with the Japanese
monetary authorities and was funded equally by the Fed and the
U.S. Treasury.
    The Fed's intervention was on the morning after president
Reagan's State of the Union message and was "in a manner
consistent with the joint statement" made by U.S. Treasury
secretary James Baker and Japanese finance minister Kiichi
Miyazawa after their January 21 consultations.
    At that meeting, the two reaffirmed their willingness to
cooperate on exchange rate issues.
    The Fed's report did not say at what level the intervention
occurred. But on January 28, the dollar closed at 151.50/60 yen
after dipping as low as 150.40 yen earlier in the session. It
had closed at 151.05/15 yen the previous day.
    The dollar had plumbed a post-World War II low of 149.98
yen on January 19 and reached a seven-year low of 1.7675 marks
on January 28. It ended that day at 1.7820/30 marks.
    The Fed noted that, after trading steadily throughout
November and the first half of December, the dollar moved
sharply lower until the end of January.
    It closed the three-month review period down more than 11
pct against the mark and most other Continental currencies and
seven pct lower against the yen and sterling. It had fallen
four pct against the Canadian dollar.
    During the final days of January, pressure on the dollar
subsided. Reports of the U.S.-Japanese intervention operation
and talk of an upcoming meeting of the major industrial
countries encouraged expectations for broader cooperation on
exchange rate and economic policy matters, the Fed said.
    Moreover, doubts had developed about the course of U.S.
interest rates. The dollar's swift fall had raised questions
about whether the Fed would let short-term rates ease.
    Thus the dollar firmed to close the period at 1.8320 marks
and 153.70 yen. According to the Fed's trade-weighted index, it
had declined nine pct since the beginning of the period.
    The dollar had risen as high as 2.08 marks and 165 yen in
early November.
    The Fed last intervened in the foreign exchange market on
November 7, 1985 when it bought a total of 102.2 mln dlrs worth
of marks and yen.
    The Fed's action followed the September 1985 Plaza
agreement between the five major industrial nations under which
they agreed to promote an orderly decline of the dollar.
 Reuter
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=3532>
Japan cannot bear a further rise of the
yen, Foreign Minister Tadashi Kuranari said.
    "A further stronger yen would be a misfortune for Japan and
the Japanese people would not be able to bear such a burden," he
told reporters.
    The minister said he wants to tell U.S. Political leaders
of the sacrifices Japan is making to cut its trade surplus.
    Kuranari was widely expected to fly to Washington tomorrow
for talks focussing on trade. But departure remains uncertain
because of the continuing parliamentary boycott by opposition
parties protesting plans for a new sales tax.
    If the boycott is lifted tomorrow, Kuranari would probably
have to remain in Japan to attend parliamentary discussions on
the government's 1987/88 budget, Japanese officials said.
    Kuranari said both the U.S. And Japan should approach the
trade imbalance in a calm, unemotional manner.
    But, he added, "If the issue of rice is to be raised...I
would mention the feelings of the Japanese people."
    Japanese politicians have said repeatedly the country
cannot bow to U.S. Pressure to liberalize rice imports because
the issue is too sensitive.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4633>
International Trade and Industry Minister
Hajime Tamura told a parliamentary session Japan's small- and
medium-sized enterprises are seriously suffering from the yen's
rise and can only stand levels around 170 yen.
    He also said he still believes a dollar exchange rate level
plus or minus 10 yen from 170 yen would be within levels agreed
upon last month in Paris by six major industrial nations.
Finance ministers of Britain, Canada, France, Japan, the U.S.
And West Germany agreed on February 22 to cooperate in
stabilizing exchange rates around the current levels. The
dollar had closed here at 153.77 yen on February 20.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4680>
Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa told a
parliamentary session the current dollar/yen exchange rate is
not necessarily satisfactory for the Japanese economy.
    Miyazawa said the Paris currency accord among six major
industrial nations last month does not necessarily mean the yen
should stay stable around current levels in the future.
    The Paris agreement was aimed at stopping a further rapid
fluctuation of exchange rates, he said.
    The accord stipulated that current rates reflect
fundamentals of the six nations - Britain, Canada, France,
Japan, the U.S. And West Germany.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4703>
Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa told a
parliamentary session the current dollar/yen exchange rate is
not necessarily satisfactory for the Japanese economy.
    Miyazawa said the Paris currency accord among six major
industrial nations last month does not necessarily mean the yen
should stay stable around current levels in the future.
    The Paris agreement was aimed at stopping a further rapid
fluctuation of exchange rates, he said.
    The accord stipulated that current rates reflect
fundamentals of the six nations - Britain, Canada, France,
Japan, the U.S. And West Germany.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=4709>
International Trade and Industry Minister
Hajime Tamura told a parliamentary session Japan's small- and
medium-sized enterprises are seriously suffering from the yen's
rise and can only stand levels around 170 yen.
    He also said he still believes a dollar exchange rate level
plus or minus 10 yen from 170 yen would be within levels agreed
upon last month in Paris by six major industrial nations.
Finance ministers of Britain, Canada, France, Japan, the U.S.
And West Germany agreed on February 22 to cooperate in
stabilizing exchange rates around the current levels. The
dollar had closed here at 153.77 yen on February 20.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5206>
The Bank of Japan is satisfied with the
yen around its current range, a senior central bank official
told reporters.
    He said the pledge by major industrial nations in Paris
last month to cooperate to hold exchange rates around current
ranges applied in both directions, a dollar fall or a dollar
rise.
    Unilateral intervention itself cannot ensure currency
stability, but it can be useful when coordinated with other
policies and with other central banks, he said.
    The Bank of Japan is rather confident currency stability
will continue for some time, the senior bank official said, but
declined to be more specific.
    Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa told parliament on Friday
the current dollar/yen exchange rate is not necessarily
satisfactory for the Japanese economy.
    Asked what factors might destabilize the markets, the
official cited a lessening of market fear about intervention, a
completely unexpected change in the economy of Japan, the U.S.
Or West Germany, or resumption of comments by government
officials seeking to talk the dollar up or down.
    The senior bank official said he expects Japan's gross
national product (GNP) to grow three pct or slightly more in
the fiscal year beginning in April. That would be little
changed from the performance expected this year.
    Domestic demand may grow nearly four pct in 1987/88, but
the external sector will have a negative impact on GNP of
nearly one percentage point, he said.
    He said there was virtually no room for further monetary
policy action to boost the economy. The economy's performance
in the future very much depends on fiscal policy, he added.
    The central bank's monetary policy has already done its
part in stimulating the economy, the senior bank official said.
The Bank of Japan has cut its discount rate five times over the
last year and a half.
    Although the central bank does not see any imminent risk of
inflation, there could be some problems in the future, he said.
"We are sitting on a barrel of powder, but fortunately it may
still be wet," he added.
    Liquidity among private households and especially the
corporate sector has increased substantially, he said.
    The liquidity is the reason for the recent boom of stock
exchange prices, the bank official said. This inflow of funds
into the stock exchange, occurring also in other countries, may
continue, he said.
    The senior official said the Bank of Japan is hoping
Federal Reserve chairman Paul Volcker will be re-appointed when
his current term expires later this year.
    "He's a great man," the official said, adding that more and
more people expect his reappointment.
    Turning to exchange rates, the official said the
substantial drop in the dollar is beginning to have an effect
on reducing the imbalance in world trade, even though the
impact has taken longer than expected to show through. Even the
U.S. Trade position has begun to feel the impact, although so
far it has not been very strong, he said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=5271>
The Bank of Japan is satisfied with the
yen around its current range, a senior central bank official
told reporters.
    He said the pledge by major industrial nations in Paris
last month to cooperate to hold exchange rates around current
ranges applied in both directions, a dollar fall or a dollar
rise.
    Unilateral intervention itself cannot ensure currency
stability, but it can be useful when coordinated with other
policies and with other central banks, he said.
    The Bank of Japan is rather confident currency stability
will continue for some time, the senior bank official said, but
declined to be more specific.
    Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawa told parliament on Friday
the current dollar/yen exchange rate is not necessarily
satisfactory for the Japanese economy.
    Asked what factors might destabilize the markets, the
official cited a lessening of market fear about intervention, a
completely unexpected change in the economy of Japan, the U.S.
Or West Germany, or resumption of comments by government
officials seeking to talk the dollar up or down.
    The senior bank official said he expects Japan's gross
national product (GNP) to grow three pct or slightly more in
the fiscal year beginning in April. That would be little
changed from the performance expected this year.
    Domestic demand may grow nearly four pct in 1987/88, but
the external sector will have a negative impact on GNP of
nearly one percentage point, he said.
    He said there was virtually no room for further monetary
policy action to boost the economy. The economy's performance
in the future very much depends on fiscal policy, he added.
    The central bank's monetary policy has already done its
part in stimulating the economy, the senior bank official said.
The Bank of Japan has cut its discount rate five times over the
last year and a half.
    Although the central bank does not see any imminent risk of
inflation, there could be some problems in the future, he said.
"We are sitting on a barrel of powder, but fortunately it may
still be wet," he added.
    Liquidity among private households and especially the
corporate sector has increased substantially, he said.
    The liquidity is the reason for the recent boom of stock
exchange prices, the bank official said. This inflow of funds
into the stock exchange, occurring also in other countries, may
continue, he said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6338>
"Endaka," the strong yen, has usurped
"Godzilla Versus the Sea Monster" as Japan's favourite horror
story.
    The yen's 40 pct surge against the dollar over the last two
years has frightened foreigners with tales of the 40 dlr melon,
the 120 dlr taxi ride from the airport and rents of 15,000 dlrs
a month.
    But "endaka," like many Japanese products, is for foreign
consumption, locals and long-time foreign residents said.
    "It's not really that expensive. I don't pay attention to
the cost of living," said Cheryl Richmond, a 25-year-old
Canadian teacher of English in Tokyo.
    Richmond said she earns 1,635 dlrs a month by "chatting" 40
hours a week in English to Japanese who hope to learn the
language. For 326 dlrs a month she rents a sunny, quiet
two-room flat some 20 minutes by train from Shinjuku, one of
Tokyo's prime business and entertainment districts, and has
managed to send home an average of 320 dlrs a month.
    She spends less than 6.50 dlrs a day on food despite eating
out once a day.
    "For lunch I buy the teishoku (daily special) which comes
with soba (buckwheat noodles) or pork cutlet, pickles, miso
soup, rice and tea," although she takes only coffee for
breakfast and a sandwich for dinner.
    No one argues that Tokyo is cheap, but long-time residents
see no need to spend the 2,000 to 15,000 dlrs a month spent by
foreign firms to house executives in Western-style homes.
    The companies feel otherwise. They say they must pay the
price to bring over the best people needed to back up their
push into Japan's increasingly lucrative markets.
    "You can't expect people to move from New York or Sydney and
trade down. It's not reasonable," said a spokesman for
International Business Machines Corp (IBM), which supports
Western lifestyles for more than 350 foreigners in Tokyo.
    Tokyo is the world's most expensive city for business
travellers, a survey issued this month by Employment Conditions
Abroad said. It found that businessmen visiting Tokyo spend on
average more than 300 dlrs a day.
    While the businessmen have little choice but to come here,
many tourists, especially those from Europe, are opting to
visit sunnier and cheaper climes in Southeast Asia.
    The Japan Tourist Bureau estimates "endaka" caused an 11.5
pct drop in the number of foreign visitors to Japan last year.
    Those who came tried to cut back on expenses, chiefly by
curtailing shopping, it said.
    To help combat "endaka" and the slump in tourism, the Tourist
Bureau prepared a pamphlet, "Economical Travel in Japan."
    It gives budget-saving tips on finding medium-priced
business hotels and Japanese-style inns, cheap sushi and public
baths while getting a "revealing glimpse of Japanese in their
daily lives."
    Residents of Okubo House, a transit hotel in Tokyo's
Shin-Okubo love hotel district, offer even more savvy advice.
    For 9.80 dlrs a night, Scott Perry, a 23-year-old budding
English teacher from New Zealand, shares an unheated,
berth-sized twin-room in the Japanese "flop house."
    Perry has budgeted 26 to 33 dlrs a day while he looks for
work. "Normally I eat 'teishoku' for 400 yen but sometimes I'll
splurge at Shakey's where for 550 yen you can eat unlimited
pizza for at least two hours."
    Still, there are the extras that dent the budget. "I had to
spend 600 yen today to dry-clean my suit coat," he said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=6357>
Global trading of yen bond futures is
just around the corner and they are expected to be listed soon
on the London International Financial Futures Exchange (LIFFE)
and the Chicago Board of Trade (CBOT), bond managers said.
    "Internationalisation of the yen through expansion of
overseas portfolios in yen assets is the key to the success of
global trading of yen bond futures," said Katsuyuki Okayasu,
general manager of Yamaichi Securities Co Ltd's bond division.
    "But Tokyo-based orders are necessary for a primary stimulus
for the LIFFE yen bond futures market," said Tetsuya Dezuka,
deputy general manager of the money market section of New Japan
Securities Co Ltd, one of the most active yen bond brokers in
London.
    Healthy growth of yen bond futures markets depends
basically on substantial liquidity in cash yen bond markets
overseas and on the yen becoming attractive to traders there,
dealers said.
    Outstanding yen cash bonds worldwide stand at around
140,000 billion yen, with most held in Japan, they said.
    An agreement between CBOT and LIFFE in early February on
mutual settlements is expected to link U.S. Treasury bond
futures trading in London and Chicago, enabling a continuous
12-hour session, bond managers here said, adding the move was
made with yen bond futures trading in mind.
    LIFFE is preparing for an early listing of yen bond futures
after receiving approval from Japan's Finance Ministry last
December.
    But futures markets will never take root unless they are
backed by substantial liquidity in cash bond markets, dealers
said.
    Daily transactions in the London yen cash bond market now
stand at 200 to 300 billion yen, but the extent of investor-
linked transactions is unknown, securities bond managers said.
    "Japanese corporations have been actively setting up their
financing companies in London, suggesting they increasingly are
engaging in, not only fund raising, but management there,"
Dezuka said.
    The steep increase in the number of branches of Japanese
securities houses in London and the growing numbers of U.S. And
U.K. Brokers coming to Tokyo has helped the London market's
growth, dealers said.
    Internationalisation of the yen is also likely to be
promoted by yen bond trading in Chicago and New York later this
year, securities managers said.
    The recent removal of a key regulatory obstacle by the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission will allow the CBOT to apply
to the Commodity Futures Trading Commission for a yen bond
futures contract, they said.
    The ruling removed a regulation which prohibited trading
futures of designated foreign government debt securities not
located in the issuing country.
    Fundamental Brokers Inc, a major U.S. Brokers' broker, has
decided to launch yen bond broking on its display system in New
York as early as April.
    CBOT's start of an evening session, planned for the end of
April, will also multiply yen bond futures trading, a Nomura
Securities Co Ltd bond manager said. But there are still
obstacles to trading on the London market.
    "Problems concerning cash bond delivery and clearing are
major obstacles for an early launching at LIFFE," said Koki
Chiyojima, deputy general manager of Nikko Securities Co Ltd's
bond administration division.
    Nikko Securities Co Ltd, one of the big four Japanese
securities houses, is responsible for corresponding with LIFFE
on these matters.
    Japan's Finance Ministry will start issuing bonds with
coupon payment of either March and September, or June and
December from April 1, matching futures delivery months.
    The ministry now pays coupons in January, June, July and
December. When delivery months and coupon payments do not
match, a 20 pct withholding tax is imposed on interest earned
by non-resident bond holders, a deterrent to LIFFE, securities
managers said.
    LIFFE is likely to wait until the outstanding amount of
bonds with matching months increases to over several billion
yen, bond managers said.
    These bonds will be used for deliveries, as they are
expected to be the cheapest deliverable issues due to low
interest rates, they said.
    Market participants here expect a clearing organisation to
be set up by the time they have substantial deliverable cash
issues, making overseas listings probable in the latter half of
1987.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9149>
The yen could rise to 140 yen to the
dollar, a leading Japanese businessman said.
    Bumpei Otsuki, president of the influential Japan
Federation of Employers' Associations, (Nikkeiren), told
reporters: "The yen might rise as far as 140 (to the dollar).
The U.S. Economy is not good, and as long as the U.S. Economy
is not good, the U.S. Will put various pressures (on Japan)."
    "The yen's level depends on the condition of the U.S.
Economy rather than Japan's economy, and as long as the
American situation is bad, the yen will continue to rise," he
said.
    To cope with the negative impact of the strong yen,
Japanese enterprises must strive to cut costs by all means,
including holding down wages as much as possible, Otsuki said.
    He rejected recent calls from some government quarters for
wage increases this year as a means of raising private
consumption and thus boosting domestic demand.
    "We have to keep wages as low as possible," he said.
    He also said the yen's large and rapid rise is depressing
the outlook for the Japanese economy, noting that in addition
to hurting exporters it is also damaging domestic market
manufacturers through cheap imports.
    Parts of the service sector are also threatened, Otsuki
said.
    Tertiary industries provide services to manufacturers and a
downturn in manufacturing profits will adversely affect service
industries, he said.
    It is also doubtful whether the tertiary sector can fully
employ those put out of work in the manufacturing sector, he
said.
    Profits of service sector companies are likely to fall in
the business year ending in March 1988, leading to a possible
recession in the Japanese economy, he said.
    Otsuki said economic growth is unlikely to pick up beyond
levels experienced in 1986.
    The government's Economic Planning Agency said last week
the economy grew at 2.5 pct in 1986, the worst performance
since 1974 when the economy shrank 1.4 pct due to the first oil
price crisis.
    In order to stimulate domestic demand and boost the
economy, tax reforms aimed at bringing down the cost of land
and reforming the nation's housing stock are needed, along with
steps to bring down the high cost of commodities, he said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9213>
The yen could rise to 140 yen to the
dollar, a leading Japanese businessman said.
    Bumpei Otsuki, president of the influential Japan
Federation of Employers' Associations, (Nikkeiren), told
reporters: "The yen might rise as far as 140 (to the dollar).
The U.S. Economy is not good, and as long as the U.S. Economy
is not good, the U.S. Will put various pressures (on Japan)."
    "The yen's level depends on the condition of the U.S.
Economy rather than Japan's economy, and as long as the
American situation is bad, the yen will continue to rise," he
said.
    To cope with the negative impact of the strong yen,
Japanese enterprises must strive to cut costs by all means,
including holding down wages as much as possible, Otsuki said.
    He rejected recent calls from some government quarters for
wage increases this year as a means of raising private
consumption and thus boosting domestic demand.
    "We have to keep wages as low as possible," he said.
    He also said the yen's large and rapid rise is depressing
the outlook for the Japanese economy, noting that in addition
to hurting exporters it is also damaging domestic market
manufacturers through cheap imports.
    Parts of the service sector are also threatened, Otsuki
said.
    Tertiary industries provide services to manufacturers and a
downturn in manufacturing profits will adversely affect service
industries, he said.
    It is also doubtful whether the tertiary sector can fully
employ those put out of work in the manufacturing sector, he
said.
    Profits of service sector companies are likely to fall in
the business year ending in March 1988, leading to a possible
recession in the Japanese economy, he said.
    Otsuki said economic growth is unlikely to pick up beyond
levels experienced in 1986.
    The government's Economic Planning Agency said last week
the economy grew at 2.5 pct in 1986, the worst performance
since 1974 when the economy shrank 1.4 pct due to the first oil
price crisis.
    In order to stimulate domestic demand and boost the
economy, tax reforms aimed at bringing down the cost of land
and reforming the nation's housing stock are needed, along with
steps to bring down the high cost of commodities, he said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9222>
The Ministry of International Trade and
Industry (MITI) has asked about 30 Japanese trading houses and
exporters to refrain from excessive dollar selling, trading
house officials said.
    The officials told Reuters MITI asked them to moderate
their foreign exchange trading because the excessive rise in
the yen will have unfavourable effects on the economy. It made
the request by telephone.
    A MITI official said the ministry has conducted a survey of
foreign exchange trading by trade houses and exporters. But he
said it was not aimed at moderating dollar selling.
    The trading house officials said MITI had asked them to
undertake foreign exchange transactions with due consideration
to the adverse effects excessive exchange rate movements would
have on the economy.
    The MITI official said MITI undertakes such surveys when
exchange rates fluctuate widely. A similiar survey was made
when the currency fell to the previous record low of 149.98 on
January 19. It hit a new record low of 148.20 yen yesterday.
    He said the survey showed currency transactions by trade
houses and exporters contributed little to the dollar fall.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9701>
Bank of Japan Governor Satoshi Sumita
said a further yen rise would have adverse effects on the
Japanese economy.
    He told Japanese business leaders the Bank of Japan will
continue to take adequate measures, including market
intervention, to stabilize exchange rates if necessary, in
close cooperation with other major industrialized nations. He
said the current instability of exchange rates will not last.
    Six major nations - Britain, Canada, France, Japan, the
U.S. And West Germany - agreed in Paris last month to act
together to hold currencies stable.
    Sumita said the Bank of Japan will continue to pursue
adequate and flexible monetary policies while watching economic
and financial developments in and outside Japan.
    He said the decision to cut the discount rate on February
20 was a hard choice for the Bank because monetary conditions
had already been sufficiently eased.
    To prevent a resurgence of inflation, the Bank will take a
very cautious stance regarding developments stemming from easy
credit conditions, he said.
    He said the latest discount rate cut to 2.5 pct should
stabilize exchange rates and expand domestic demand.
    Commenting on the dollar's fall below 150 yen, Sumita
reiterated he cannot find any specific reason for the
currency's weakness.
    The market undertook speculative dollar selling by reacting
to overseas comments by monetary authorities and trade tension,
he said.
    Sumita repeated that the Japanese economy may gradually
recover in the latter half of the 1987/88 fiscal year ending
April 1, 1988, provided exchange rates stabilize.
 REUTER
</BODY>
<BODY DOCID=9946>
The Bank of France intervened to buy
small amounts of dollars and sell yen in Paris today to
stabilise the exchange rates agreed at last month's meeting of
Finance Ministers of the Group of Five and Canada, foreign
exchange dealers said.
    But they said recent central bank intervention in the
foreign exchange markets appeared to be a limited reaction to
temporary pressures rather than a major defence operation.
    A Bank of France spokesman declined all comment but sources
close to the central bank said it had also intervened
yesterday.
    Dealers said the earlier intervention was in concert with
the Bundesbank and Bank of Japan.
    The sources said the French central bank could have been in
the market again today in two-way operations, not necessarily
on its own account, but to counter short-term pressures arising
from the end of the Japanese financial year on March 31.
    One major French bank said it bought between five and 15
mln dlrs for the central bank and sold yen at 149.28 to the
dollar.
    Another bank said it had been asked by the Bank of France
to say it was in the market, a departure from the central
bank's usual insistence on confidentiality.
    But other banks said they had seen no sign of intervention,
which they said appeared to be on a very limited scale.
    "Even if 10 banks were buying five to 15 mln dlrs, you would
still be talking of a small overall amount," said one dealer.
    Recent intervention by the Bank of Japan appeared mainly to
have been required to meet year-end window dressing demand for
yen. "This is a specific short term phenomenon rather than a
wider trend," the dealer said.
    Operators have been extremely cautious about testing the
dollar's trading ranges against the West German mark and
Japanese yen.
    These ranges were set in February's stabilisation agreement
reached here by U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker and the
Finance Ministers of Japan, Germany, France, Britain and
Canada.
    But speculative pressures started to build again this week
after Baker was quoted on British television at the weekend as
repeating earlier statements that Washington had no target for
the dollar.
    Baker yesterday moved to defuse speculation he was talking
the dollar down, telling a Cable News Network interviewer and a
Senate committee he stood by the Paris agreement. Foreign
exchange markets had been misreading his comments, he said.
 REUTER
</BODY>
